 EX-10.1 6 g25179exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION COPY


REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

by and among

Hanesbrands Inc.

and

the Guarantors
listed in Schedule 2 hereto

and

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated
Barclays Capital Inc.
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
(as representatives of the several
Initial Purchasers
listed in Schedule 1 hereto)

Dated as of November 9, 2010

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and 
entered into as of November 9, 2010, by and among Hanesbrands Inc., a 
Maryland corporation (the Issuer), the guarantors listed in Schedule 2 
hereto (the Guarantors), and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated, Barclays Capital Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. 
Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman, Sachs & Co. (as representatives of the 
several initial purchasers listed in Schedule 1 hereto, the Initial 
Purchasers), each of whom has agreed to purchase pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement (as defined below) the Issuers 6.375% Senior Notes due 2020 (the 
Initial Notes) fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors 
(the Guarantees). The Initial Notes and the Guarantees attached thereto 
are herein collectively referred to as the Initial Securities.

     This Agreement is made pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated 
November 4, 2010 (the Purchase Agreement), among the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and the Initial Purchasers (i) for the benefit of the Initial 
Purchasers and (ii) for the benefit of the holders from time to time of the 
Initial Securities, including the Initial Purchasers. In order to induce 
the Initial Purchasers to purchase the Initial Securities, the Issuer has 
agreed to provide the registration rights set forth in this Agreement. The 
execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the obligations 
of the Initial Purchasers set forth in Section 2(h) of the Purchase 
Agreement.

     The parties hereby agree as follows:

     I. DEFINITIONS.

     AS USED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE FOLLOWING CAPITALIZED TERMS SHALL HAVE 
THE FOLLOWING MEANINGS:

     Broker-Dealer: Any broker or dealer registered with the Commission 
under the Exchange Act.

     Business Day: Any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or U.S. federal 
holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies located 
in New York, New York are authorized or obligated to be closed.

     Closing Date: The date of this Agreement.

     Commission: The Securities and Exchange Commission.

     Consummate: A registered Exchange Offer shall be deemed Consummated 
for purposes of this Agreement upon the occurrence of (i) the filing and 
effectiveness under the Securities Act of the Exchange Offer Registration 
Statement relating to the Exchange Notes to be issued in the Exchange 
Offer, (ii) the maintenance of such Registration Statement continuously 
effective and the keeping of the Exchange Offer open for a period not less 
than the minimum period required pursuant to Section III(B) hereof, and 
(iii) the delivery by the Issuer to the Registrar under the Indenture of 
Exchange Notes in the same aggregate principal amount as the

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

aggregate principal amount of Initial Securities that were properly 
tendered and not withdrawn by Holders thereof pursuant to the Exchange 
Offer prior to the expiration thereof.

     Effectiveness Target Date: As defined in Section V hereof.

     Entitled Security: Each Initial Note, until the earliest to occur of 
(a) the date on which such Initial Note has been exchanged by a Person 
other than a Broker-Dealer for an Exchange Note in the Exchange Offer; (b) 
following the exchange by a Broker-Dealer in the Exchange Offer of an 
Initial Note for an Exchange Note, the date on which such Exchange Note is 
sold to a purchaser who receives from such Broker-Dealer on or prior to the 
date of such sale a copy of the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement; (c) the date on which such Initial Note has been 
effectively registered under the Securities Act and disposed of in 
accordance with the Shelf Registration Statement; or (d) the date on which 
such Initial Note is actually sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act; provided that an Initial Note will not cease to be an 
Entitled Security for purposes of the Exchange Offer by virtue of this 
clause (d).

     Exchange Act: The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     Exchange Offer: The registration by the Issuer under the Securities 
Act of the Exchange Notes pursuant to a Registration Statement pursuant to 
which the Issuer offers the Holders of all outstanding Entitled Securities 
the opportunity to exchange all such outstanding Entitled Securities held 
by such Holders for Exchange Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the aggregate principal amount of the Entitled Securities tendered in 
such exchange offer by such Holders.

     Exchange Offer Registration Statement: The Registration Statement 
relating to the Exchange Offer, including the related Prospectus.

     Exempt Resales: The transactions in which the Initial Purchasers 
propose to sell the Initial Securities to certain qualified institutional 
buyers, as such term is defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and 
to certain non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.

     Exchange Guarantees: The guarantees by the Guarantors of the Exchange 
Notes.

     Exchange Notes: The 6.375% Senior Notes due 2020, of the same series 
under the Indenture as the Initial Securities, to be issued to Holders in 
exchange for Entitled Securities pursuant to this Agreement.

     FINRA: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc, an independent 
regulatory organization.

     Holders: As defined in Section II(B) hereof.

     Indemnified Holder: As defined in Section VIII(A) hereof.

-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Indenture: The indenture, dated as of August 1, 2008, among the 
Issuer, certain subsidiaries of the Issuer and Branch Banking and Trust 
Company, as trustee (the Trustee), as amended and supplemented by the 
Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated November 9, 2010, by and among 
the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, pursuant to which the 
Securities are to be issued, as such Indenture is amended or supplemented 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

     Initial Notes: As defined in the preamble hereto.

     Initial Placement: The issuance and sale by the Issuer of the Initial 
Securities to the Initial Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

     Initial Purchasers: As defined in the preamble hereto.

     Initial Securities: As defined in the preamble hereto.

     Interest Payment Date: As defined in the Indenture and the Securities.

     Person: An individual, partnership, corporation, trust or 
unincorporated organization, or a government or agency or political 
subdivision thereof.

     Prospectus: The prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as 
amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement and by all other 
amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and all material 
incorporated by reference into such Prospectus.

     Registration Default: As defined in Section V hereof.

     Registration Statement: Any registration statement of the Issuer 
relating to (a) an offering of Exchange Notes pursuant to an Exchange Offer 
or (b) the registration for resale of Entitled Securities pursuant to the 
Shelf Registration Statement, which is filed pursuant to the provisions of 
this Agreement, in each case, including the Prospectus included therein, 
all amendments and supplements thereto (including post-effective 
amendments) and all exhibits and material incorporated by reference 
therein.

     Securities: The Initial Securities, Entitled Securities, Exchange 
Notes and Exchange Guarantees.

     Securities Act: The Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     Shelf Filing Deadline: As defined in Section IV(a) hereof.

     Shelf Registration Statement: As defined in Section IV(a) hereof.

     Special Interest Payment Date: With respect to the Initial Securities, 
each Interest Payment Date.

     Trust Indenture Act: The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering: A registration in 
which securities of the Issuer are sold to an underwriter for reoffering to 
the public.

     II. SECURITIES SUBJECT TO THIS AGREEMENT.

     A. Entitled Securities. The securities entitled to the benefits of 
this Agreement are the Entitled Securities.

     B. Holders of Entitled Securities. A Person is deemed to be a holder 
of Entitled Securities (each, a Holder) whenever such Person owns 
Entitled Securities.

     III. REGISTERED EXCHANGE OFFER.

     A. Unless the Exchange Offer shall not be required or permissible 
under applicable law or Commission policy (after the procedures set forth 
in Section VI(A) hereof have been complied with), each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors shall (i) cause to be filed with the Commission on or prior 
to 180 days after the Closing Date (or if such 180th day is not a Business 
Day, the next succeeding Business Day), an Exchange Offer Registration 
Statement under the Securities Act relating to the Exchange Notes and the 
Exchange Offer, (ii) use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such 
Exchange Offer Registration Statement to become effective on or prior to 
270 days after the Closing Date (or if such 270th day is not a Business 
Day, the next succeeding Business Day), and (iii) upon the effectiveness of 
such Registration Statement, commence the Exchange Offer. The Exchange 
Offer shall be on the appropriate form permitting registration of the 
Exchange Notes to be offered in exchange for the Entitled Securities and to 
permit resales of Initial Securities held by Broker-Dealers as contemplated 
by Section III(C) hereof.

     B. The Issuer and the Guarantors shall cause the Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement to be effective continuously and shall keep the 
Exchange Offer open for a period of not less than the minimum period 
required under applicable federal and state securities laws to Consummate 
the Exchange Offer; provided, however, that in no event shall such period 
be less than 20 Business Days after the date notice of the Exchange Offer 
is mailed to the Holders. The Issuer shall cause the Exchange Offer to 
comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws. No securities 
other than the Exchange Notes shall be included in the Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement. Unless the Exchange Offer shall not be required or 
permissible under applicable law or Commission policy (after the procedures 
set forth in Section VI(A) hereof have been complied with), the Issuer 
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to issue on or prior to 30 
Business Days, or longer if required by applicable securities laws, after 
the date on which the Exchange Offer Registration Statement was declared 
effective by the Commission, Exchange Notes in exchange for all notes 
properly tendered and not withdrawn in the Exchange Offer prior to the 
expiration thereof.

     C. The Issuer shall indicate in a Plan of Distribution section 
contained in the Prospectus forming a part of the Exchange Offer 
Registration Statement that any Broker-Dealer who holds Initial Securities 
that are Entitled Securities and that were acquired for its own account as 
a result of market-making activities or other trading activities (other 
than Entitled

-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Securities acquired directly from the Issuer), may exchange such Initial 
Securities pursuant to the Exchange Offer; however, such Broker-Dealer may 
be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act 
and must, therefore, deliver a prospectus meeting the requirements of the 
Securities Act in connection with any resales of the Exchange Notes 
received by such Broker-Dealer in the Exchange Offer, which prospectus 
delivery requirement may be satisfied by the delivery by such Broker-Dealer 
of the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement. 
Such Plan of Distribution section shall also contain all other 
information with respect to such resales by Broker-Dealers that the 
Commission may require in order to permit such resales pursuant thereto, 
but such Plan of Distribution shall not name any such Broker-Dealer or 
disclose the amount of Initial Securities held by any such Broker-Dealer 
except to the extent required by the Commission.

     Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall use all commercially 
reasonable efforts to keep the Exchange Offer Registration Statement 
continuously effective, supplemented and amended as required by the 
provisions of Section VI(C) hereof to the extent necessary to ensure that 
it is available for resales of Initial Securities acquired by 
Broker-Dealers for their own accounts as a result of market-making 
activities or other trading activities, and to ensure that it conforms with 
the requirements of this Agreement, the Securities Act and the policies, 
rules and regulations of the Commission as announced from time to time, for 
a period ending on the earlier of (i) 180 days from the date on which the 
Exchange Offer Registration Statement is declared effective and (ii) the 
date on which a Broker-Dealer is no longer required to deliver a prospectus 
in connection with market-making or other trading activities.

     The Issuer shall provide sufficient copies of the latest version of 
such Prospectus to Broker-Dealers promptly upon request at any time during 
such 180 day period (or shorter period as provided in the preceding 
paragraph) in order to facilitate such resales.

     IV. SHELF REGISTRATION.

     A. Shelf Registration. If (i) the Issuer and the Guarantors are not 
required to file an Exchange Offer Registration Statement or permitted to 
consummate the Exchange Offer because the Exchange Offer is not permitted 
by applicable law or Commission policy (after the procedures set forth in 
Section VI(A) hereof have been complied with), or (ii) any holder of 
Entitled Securities notifies the Issuer prior to the 20th Business Day 
following the consummation of the Exchange Offer that (A) it is prohibited 
by law or Commission policy from participating in the Exchange Offer, (B) 
it may not resell the Exchange Notes acquired by it in the Exchange Offer 
to the public without delivering a Prospectus and the Prospectus contained 
in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement is not appropriate or 
available for such resales, or (C) it is a Broker-Dealer and owns Initial 
Notes acquired directly from the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, then 
the Issuer and the Guarantors will:

(x) use all commercially reasonable efforts to file a Shelf Registration 
Statement, which may be an amendment to the Exchange Offer Registration 
Statement (in either event, the Shelf Registration Statement) with the 
Commission on or prior to 30 days after such filing obligation arises (or 
if such 30th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day); 
and

-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(y)use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Shelf Registration 
Statement to be declared effective by the Commission on or prior to 90 days 
after the such obligation arises (or if such 90th day is not a Business 
Day, the next succeeding Business Day).

     Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall use all commercially 
reasonable efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously 
effective, supplemented and amended as required by the provisions of 
Sections VI(B) and (C) hereof to the extent necessary to ensure that it is 
available for resales of Initial Securities by the Holders of Entitled 
Securities entitled to the benefit of this Section IV(A), and to ensure 
that it conforms with the requirements of this Agreement, the Securities 
Act and the policies, rules and regulations of the Commission as announced 
from time to time, for a period of one year following the effective date of 
such Shelf Registration Statement (or shorter period that will terminate 
when all the Initial Securities covered by such Shelf Registration 
Statement have been sold pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement or 
are otherwise no longer Entitled Securities).

     B. Provision by Holders of Certain Information in Connection with the 
Shelf Registration Statement. No Holder of Entitled Securities may include 
any of its Entitled Securities in any Shelf Registration Statement pursuant 
to this Agreement unless and until such Holder furnishes to the Issuer in 
writing, within 10 Business Days after receipt of a request therefor, such 
information as the Issuer may reasonably request for use in connection with 
any Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus 
included therein. Each Holder as to which any Shelf Registration Statement 
is being effected agrees to furnish promptly to the Issuer all information 
required to be disclosed in order to make the information previously 
furnished to the Issuer by such Holder not materially misleading.

     V. SPECIAL INTEREST.

-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IF (I) THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS FAIL TO FILE ANY OF THE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENTS REQUIRED BY THIS AGREEMENT ON OR BEFORE THE DATE 
SPECIFIED FOR SUCH FILING, (II) ANY OF SUCH REGISTRATION STATEMENTS IS NOT 
DECLARED EFFECTIVE BY THE COMMISSION ON OR PRIOR TO THE DATE SPECIFIED FOR 
SUCH EFFECTIVENESS (THE EFFECTIVENESS TARGET DATE), (III) THE ISSUER AND 
THE GUARANTORS FAIL TO CONSUMMATE THE EXCHANGE OFFER WITHIN 30 BUSINESS 
DAYS OF THE EFFECTIVENESS TARGET DATE WITH RESPECT TO THE EXCHANGE OFFER 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR (IV) THE SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR THE 
EXCHANGE OFFER REGISTRATION STATEMENT IS DECLARED EFFECTIVE BUT THEREAFTER 
CEASES TO BE EFFECTIVE OR USABLE IN CONNECTION WITH RESALES OF ENTITLED 
SECURITIES DURING THE PERIODS SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT (EACH SUCH EVENT 
REFERRED TO IN CLAUSES (I) THROUGH (IV) ABOVE, A REGISTRATION DEFAULT) AS 
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR SUCH REGISTRATION DEFAULT, THE ISSUER AND THE 
GUARANTORS AGREE TO PAY HOLDERS OF ENTITLED SECURITIES SPECIAL INTEREST OF 
0.25% PER ANNUM DURING THE FIRST 90-DAY PERIOD IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE 
OCCURRENCE OF ANY REGISTRATION DEFAULT. THE AMOUNT OF SPECIAL INTEREST WILL 
INCREASE BY 0.25% PER ANNUM WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUBSEQUENT 90-DAY PERIOD 
UNTIL ALL REGISTRATION DEFAULTS HAVE BEEN CURED, UP TO A MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF 
SPECIAL INTEREST FOR ALL REGISTRATION DEFAULTS OF 1.0% PER ANNUM OF THE 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE ENTITLED SECURITIES OUTSTANDING. FOLLOWING THE CURE 
OF ALL REGISTRATION DEFAULTS, THE ACCRUAL OF SPECIAL INTEREST WILL CEASE. 
SPECIAL INTEREST WILL ACCRUE AND BE PAYABLE ONLY WITH RESPECT TO A SINGLE 
REGISTRATION DEFAULT AT ANY GIVEN TIME, NOWITHSTANDING THE FACT THAT 
MULTIPLE REGISTRATION DEFAULTS MAY EXIST AT SUCH TIME. THE ACCRUAL OF 
SPECIAL INTEREST SHALL BE THE EXCLUSIVE MONETARY REMEDY AVAILABLE TO THE 
HOLDERS OF ENTITLED SECURITIES FOR ANY REGISTRATION DEFAULT, AND A 
REGISTRATION DEFAULT SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A DEFAULT UNDER THE INDENTURE.

     All obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors set forth in the 
preceding paragraph that are outstanding with respect to any Entitled 
Security at the time such security ceases to be a Entitled Security shall 
survive until such time as all such obligations with respect to such 
security shall have been satisfied in full.

     VI. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

     A. Exchange Offer Registration Statement. In connection with the 
Exchange Offer, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall comply with all of the 
applicable provisions of Section VI(C) hereof, and shall comply with all of 
the following provisions:

-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          1. If in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Issuer there is 
a question as to whether the Exchange Offer is permitted by applicable law, 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantors hereby agrees to use commercially 
reasonable efforts to seek a no-action letter or other favorable decision 
from the Commission allowing the Issuer and the Guarantors to Consummate an 
Exchange Offer for such Initial Securities. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue 
the issuance of such a decision to the Commission staff level but shall not 
be required to take commercially unreasonable action to effect a change of 
Commission policy. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors hereby agrees, 
however, to (A) participate in telephonic conferences with the Commission, 
(B) deliver to the Commission staff an analysis prepared by counsel to the 
Issuer setting forth the legal bases, if any, upon which such counsel has 
concluded that such an Exchange Offer should be permitted and (C) otherwise 
use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue a favorable resolution by the 
Commission staff of such submission.

          2. As a condition to its participation in the Exchange Offer 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, each Holder of Entitled Securities 
shall furnish, upon the request of the Issuer, prior to the Consummation 
thereof, a written representation to the Issuer (which may be contained in 
the letter of transmittal contemplated by the Exchange Offer Registration 
Statement) to the effect that (A) it is not an affiliate (within the 
meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer, (B) it is not 
engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, and has no arrangement or 
understanding with any Person to participate in, a distribution of the 
Exchange Notes to be issued in the Exchange Offer and (C) it is acquiring 
the Exchange Notes in its ordinary course of business. In addition, all 
such Holders of Entitled Securities shall otherwise cooperate in the 
Issuers preparations for the Exchange Offer. Each Holder hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that any Broker-Dealer and any such Holder using 
the Exchange Offer to participate in a distribution of the securities to be 
acquired in the Exchange Offer (1) could not under Commission policy as in 
effect on the date of this Agreement rely on the position of the Commission 
enunciated in Morgan Stanley and Co., Inc. (available June 5, 1991) and 
Exxon Capital Holdings Corporation (available May 13, 1988), as interpreted 
in the Commissions letter to Shearman & Sterling dated July 2, 1993, and 
similar no-action letters (which may include any no-action letter obtained 
pursuant to clause (1) above), and (2) must comply with the registration 
and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act in connection 
with a secondary resale transaction and that such a secondary resale 
transaction should be covered by an effective registration statement 
containing the selling security holder information required by Item 507 or 
508, as applicable, of Regulation S-K if the resales are of Exchange Notes 
obtained by such Holder in exchange for Initial Securities acquired by such 
Holder directly from the Issuer.

     B. Shelf Registration Statement. In connection with the Shelf 
Registration Statement, each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall comply 
with all the provisions of Section VI(C) hereof.

     C. General Provisions. In connection with any Registration Statement 
and any Prospectus required by this Agreement to permit the sale or resale 
of Entitled Securities

-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(including, without limitation, any Registration Statement and the related 
Prospectus required to permit resales of Initial Securities by 
Broker-Dealers), each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall:

          1. use all commercially reasonable efforts to keep such 
Registration Statement continuously effective and provide all requisite 
financial statements, including, if required by the Securities Act or any 
regulation thereunder, financial statements of the Guarantors for the 
period specified in Section III or IV hereof, as applicable; upon the 
occurrence of any event that would cause any such Registration Statement or 
the Prospectus contained therein (A) to contain a material misstatement or 
omission or (B) not to be effective and usable for resale of Entitled 
Securities during the period required by this Agreement, the Issuer shall 
file promptly an appropriate amendment to such Registration Statement, in 
the case of clause (A), correcting any such misstatement or omission, and, 
in the case of either clause (A) or (B), use all commercially reasonable 
efforts to cause such amendment to be declared effective and such 
Registration Statement and the related Prospectus to become usable for 
their intended purpose(s) as soon as practicable thereafter;

          2. prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and 
post-effective amendments to the applicable Registration Statement as may 
be necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective for the 
applicable period set forth in Section III or IV hereof, as applicable, or 
such shorter period as will terminate when all Entitled Securities covered 
by such Registration Statement have been sold; cause the Prospectus to be 
supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented 
to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, and to comply 
fully with the applicable provisions of Rules 424 and 430A under the 
Securities Act in a timely manner; and comply with the provisions of the 
Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by 
such Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance with 
the intended method or methods of distribution by the sellers thereof set 
forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

          3. in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement or an Exchange 
Offer Registration Statement maintained as effective following the closing 
of the Exchange Offer due to the participation of a Broker-Dealer, during 
the applicable period set forth in Section III or IV hereof, advise the 
underwriter(s) or Broker-Dealer(s) who have requested copies of the 
Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, if any, and selling 
Holders named in a Shelf Registration Statement promptly and if requested 
by such Persons, to confirm such advice in writing, (A) when the Prospectus 
or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, 
and, with respect to any Registration Statement or any post-effective 
amendment thereto, when the same has become effective, (B) of any request 
by the Commission for amendments to the Registration Statement or 
amendments or supplements to the Prospectus or for additional information 
relating thereto, (C) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order 
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the 
Securities Act or of the suspension by any state securities commission of 
the qualification of the Entitled Securities for offering or sale in any 
jurisdiction, or the initiation of any proceeding for

-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

any of the preceding purposes, (D) of the existence of any fact or the 
happening of any event that makes any statement of a material fact made in 
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any amendment or supplement 
thereto, or any document incorporated by reference therein untrue, or that 
requires the making of any additions to or changes in the Registration 
Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein (with 
respect to the Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they 
were made) not misleading. If at any time the Commission shall issue any 
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or 
any state securities commission or other regulatory authority shall issue 
an order suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of 
the Entitled Securities under state securities or blue sky laws, each of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall use all commercially reasonable efforts 
to obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such order at the earliest possible 
time;

          4. furnish without charge to each of the Initial Purchasers, each 
selling Holder named in any Shelf Registration Statement, and each of the 
underwriter(s), if any, before filing with the Commission, copies of any 
Shelf Registration Statement or any Prospectus included therein or any 
amendments or supplements to any such Shelf Registration Statement or 
Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference after the 
initial filing of such Shelf Registration Statement), which documents will 
be subject to the review and comment of not more than one counsel of such 
Holders and underwriter(s) in connection with such sale, if any, for a 
reasonable period prior to filing (but in any case not more than five 
Business Days), and the Issuer will not file any such Shelf Registration 
Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any such Shelf 
Registration Statement or Prospectus (including all such documents 
incorporated by reference) to which an Initial Purchaser of Entitled 
Securities covered by such Shelf Registration Statement or the 
underwriter(s), if any, shall reasonably object in writing after the 
receipt thereof (such objection to be deemed timely made upon confirmation 
of telecopy transmission within such reasonable period specified by the 
Issuer). The objection of an Initial Purchaser or underwriter, if any, 
shall be deemed to be reasonable if such Shelf Registration Statement, 
amendment, Prospectus or supplement, as applicable, as proposed to be 
filed, contains a material misstatement or omission. This clause (4) shall 
not apply to any filing by the Issuer or the Guarantors of any proxy or 
information statement, annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 
10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to matters that are 
unrelated to the Entitled Securities and the offering or exchange 
therefore;

          5. in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, make available 
at reasonable times for inspection by the Initial Purchasers, the managing 
underwriter(s), if any, participating in any disposition pursuant to such 
Shelf Registration Statement and not more than one law firm or accounting 
firm retained by such Initial Purchasers or any of the underwriter(s), all 
financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties 
of each of the Issuer and the Guarantors and cause the Issuers and the 
Guarantors officers, directors and employees to supply all information 
reasonably requested by any such Holder, underwriter, attorney or 
accountant in connection with such Registration Statement or any 
post-effective amendment thereto subsequent to the

-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

filing thereof and prior to its effectiveness and to participate in 
meetings with investors to the extent requested by the managing 
underwriter(s), if any;

          6. if reasonably requested by the underwriter(s), if any, or a 
Holder of Entitled Securities under a Shelf Registration Statement, 
promptly incorporate in any Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus, 
pursuant to a supplement or post-effective amendment if necessary, such 
information as such underwriter(s), if any, or Holder(s) of Entitled 
Securities may reasonably request to have included therein, including, 
without limitation, information relating to the Plan of Distribution of 
the Entitled Securities, information with respect to the principal amount 
of Entitled Securities being sold to such underwriter(s), the purchase 
price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the 
Entitled Securities to be sold in such offering; and make all required 
filings of such Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon 
as practicable after the Issuer is notified of the matters to be 
incorporated in such Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment;

          7. [Intentionally Omitted]

          8. in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, furnish to each 
Initial Purchaser, each selling Holder and the underwriter(s), if any, 
without charge, at least one copy of the Shelf Registration Statement, as 
first filed with the Commission, and of each amendment thereto, including 
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated by reference 
therein (upon request) and all exhibits (including exhibits incorporated 
therein by reference)(upon request);

          9. deliver to each selling Holder and each of the underwriter(s), 
if any, without charge, as many copies of the Prospectus (including each 
preliminary prospectus) and any amendment or supplement thereto as such 
Persons reasonably may request; each of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
hereby consents to the use of the Prospectus and any amendment or 
supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders and each of the 
underwriter(s), if any, in connection with the offering and the sale of the 
Entitled Securities covered by the Prospectus or any amendment or 
supplement thereto;

          10. in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, enter into 
such agreements (including an underwriting agreement), and make such 
customary representations and warranties, and take all such other actions, 
all to such extent as may be reasonably requested by any Initial Purchaser 
or by any Holder of Entitled Securities or underwriter in connection with 
any sale or resale pursuant to any Shelf Registration Statement 
contemplated by this Agreement; and whether or not an underwriting 
agreement is entered into and whether or not the registration is an 
Underwritten Registration, each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall:

          a. furnish to each of the Initial Purchasers, each selling Holder 
and each underwriter, if any, in such substance and scope as they may 
reasonably request and as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters 
in primary underwritten offerings, upon the effectiveness of the Shelf 
Registration Statement:

-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (1) a certificate, dated the date of effectiveness of the Shelf 
Registration Statement, as the case may be, signed by two executive 
officers of each of the Issuer and the Guarantors, confirming, as of the 
date thereof, matters substantially similar to those set forth in Section 
4(d) of the Purchase Agreement and such other matters as such parties may 
reasonably request;

          (2) an opinion, dated the date of effectiveness of the Shelf 
Registration Statement, of counsel for the Issuer and the Guarantors, 
covering matters similar to those set forth in Section 4(f) of the Purchase 
Agreement; and

          (3) a customary comfort letter, dated the date of effectiveness 
of the Shelf Registration Statement, from the Issuers independent 
accountants, in the customary form and covering matters of the type 
customarily requested to be covered in comfort letters by underwriters in 
connection with primary underwritten offerings, and covering or affirming 
matters substantially similar to those set forth in the comfort letters 
delivered pursuant to Section 4(e) of the Purchase Agreement, without 
exception;

          b. set forth in full or incorporate by reference in the 
underwriting agreement, if any, the indemnification provisions and 
procedures of Section VIII hereof with respect to all parties to be 
indemnified pursuant to said Section; and

          c. deliver such other documents and certificates as may be 
reasonably requested by the managing underwriter, if any, and the Holders 
of the majority in aggregate principal amount of the Entitled Securities, 
to evidence compliance with Section VI(C)(10)(a) hereof and with any 
customary conditions contained in the underwriting agreement or other 
agreement entered into by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors pursuant to 
this Section VI(C)(10), if any.

          11. prior to any public offering of Entitled Securities, use all 
commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the Entitled 
Securities under the state securities or blue sky laws of such 
jurisdictions as the selling Holders or underwriter(s), if any, may request 
and do any and all other acts or things necessary or advisable to enable 
the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Entitled Securities covered by 
the Shelf Registration Statement; provided, however, that neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantors shall be required to register or qualify as a 
foreign entity where it is not then so qualified or to take any action that 
would subject it to the service of process in suits or to taxation in any 
jurisdiction where it is not then so subject;

          12. shall issue, upon the request of any Holder of Initial 
Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement, Exchange Notes 
having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal 
amount of Initial Securities surrendered to the Issuer by such Holder in 
exchange therefor or being sold by such Holder; such Exchange Notes to

-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

be registered in the name of such Holder or in the name of the purchaser(s) 
of such Securities, as the case may be; in return, the Initial Securities 
held by such Holder shall be surrendered to the Issuer for cancellation;

          13. cooperate with the selling Holders and the underwriter(s), if 
any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates 
representing Entitled Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive 
legends; and enable such Entitled Securities to be in such denominations 
and registered in such names as the Holders or the underwriter(s), if any, 
may request prior to any sale of Entitled Securities made by such Holders 
or underwriter(s);

          14. in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement or an Exchange 
Offer Registration Statement maintained as effective following the closing 
of the Exchange Offer, during the applicable period set forth in Section 
III or IV hereof, if any fact or event contemplated by Section VI(C)(3)(D) 
hereof shall exist or have occurred, prepare a supplement or post-effective 
amendment to the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any 
document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required 
document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of Entitled 
Securities, the Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make 
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading;

          15. provide a CUSIP number for all Securities not later than the 
effective date of the Registration Statement covering such Securities and 
provide the Trustee under the Indenture with printed certificates for such 
Securities which are in a form eligible for deposit with the Depository 
Trust Company and take all other action necessary to ensure that all such 
Securities are eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Company;

          16. cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with 
the FINRA and in the performance of any due diligence investigation by any 
underwriter (including any qualified independent underwriter as the term 
is defined within the rules and regulations of FINRA) that is required to 
be retained in accordance with the rules and regulations of the FINRA;

          17. otherwise use all commercially reasonable efforts to comply 
with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, and make 
generally available to its security holders, as soon as practicable, a 
consolidated earnings statement meeting the requirements of Rule 158 under 
the Securities Act (which need not be audited) for the twelve-month period 
(A) commencing at the end of any fiscal quarter in which Entitled 
Securities are sold to underwriters in a firm commitment or best efforts 
Underwritten Offering or (B) if not sold to underwriters in such an 
offering, beginning with the first month of the Issuers first fiscal 
quarter commencing after the effective date of the Registration Statement;

          18. cause the Indenture to be qualified under the Trust Indenture 
Act not later than the effective date of the first Registration Statement 
required by this Agreement,

-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and, in connection therewith, cooperate with the Trustee and the Holders of 
Securities to effect such changes to the Indenture as may be required for 
such Indenture to be so qualified in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Indenture Act; and to execute and use all commercially reasonable efforts 
to cause the Trustee to execute, all documents that may be required to 
effect such changes and all other forms and documents required to be filed 
with the Commission to enable such Indenture to be so qualified in a timely 
manner;

          19. in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, cause all 
Securities covered by such Shelf Registration Statement to be listed on 
each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar 
securities issued by the Issuer are then listed if requested by the Holders 
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Initial Securities or the 
managing underwriter(s), if any; and

          20. if not otherwise available on EDGAR, provide promptly to each 
Holder upon request each document filed with the Commission pursuant to the 
requirements of Section 13 and Section 15 of the Exchange Act.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may suspend the offering and 
sale under the Shelf Registration Statement or time period in which such 
Shelf Registration Statement is required to be filed (the Suspension 
Period) for a period or periods the board of directors of the Issuer (the 
Board) reasonably determines necessary if (A) the Board determines (i) 
there are valid business reasons for doing so (until such business reasons 
cease to exist), including, without limitation, a potential acquisition, 
divesture of assets or other material corporate transaction, or (ii) if the 
Shelf Registration Statement, prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto 
contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light 
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (B) 
the Issuer notifies the Holders of Entitled Securities within five days 
after the Board makes the relevant determination set forth in clause (A) 
above; provided that the period of suspension under clause (A) above shall 
not exceed 120 days in each twelve-month period during which the Shelf 
Registration Statement is required to be effective. In addition, the Issuer 
may suspend the offering and sale under the Shelf Registration Statement if 
such Shelf Registration Statement was required to be filed due to a failure 
to consummate the Exchange Offer within the required time period and such 
suspension occurs following the consummation of the Exchange Offer.

     Each Holder agrees by acquisition of a Entitled Security that, upon 
receipt of any notice from the Issuer of the existence of any fact of the 
kind described in Section VI(C)(3)(D) hereof or of any Suspension Period, 
such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Entitled Securities 
pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement until such Holders 
receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus 
contemplated by Section VI(C)(14) hereof, or until it is advised in writing 
(the Advice) by the Issuer that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed, 
and has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. If so directed by the Issuer, 
each Holder will deliver to the Issuer (at the Issuers expense) all 
copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Holders possession, 
of the Prospectus covering such Entitled Securities that was current at the 
time of receipt of such notice. In the event the Issuer shall give any such 
notice, the time period

-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

regarding the effectiveness of such Registration Statement set forth in 
Section III or IV hereof, as applicable, shall be extended by the number of 
days during the period from and including the date of the giving of such 
notice pursuant to Section VI(C)(3)(D) hereof or notice of any Suspension 
Period to and including the date when each selling Holder covered by such 
Registration Statement shall have received the copies of the supplemented 
or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section VI(C)(14) hereof or shall 
have received the Advice; provided, however, that no such extension shall 
be taken into account in determining whether Special Interest is due 
pursuant to Section V hereof or the amount of such Special Interest, it 
being agreed that the Issuers option to suspend use of a Registration 
Statement pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a Registration 
Default for purposes of Section V hereof.

     VII. REGISTRATION EXPENSES.

     A. All expenses incident to the Issuers and the Guarantors 
performance of or compliance with this Agreement will be borne by the 
Issuer and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, regardless of whether a 
Registration Statement becomes effective, including, without limitation: 
(i) all registration and filing fees and expenses (including filings made 
by any Initial Purchaser or Holder with the FINRA (and, if applicable, the 
fees and expenses of any qualified independent underwriter and its 
counsel that may be required by the rules and regulations of the FINRA)); 
(ii) all fees and expenses of compliance with federal securities and state 
securities or blue sky laws; (iii) all expenses of printing (including 
printing of Prospectuses), messenger and delivery services and telephone; 
(iv) all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and, subject to Section VII(B) hereof, the Holders of Entitled 
Securities; (v) all application and filing fees in connection with listing 
the Exchange Notes on a securities exchange or automated quotation system 
pursuant to the requirements thereof; and (vi) all fees and disbursements 
of independent certified public accountants of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors (including the expenses of any special audit and comfort letters 
required by or incident to such performance).

     Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors will, in any event, bear its 
internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses 
of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the 
expenses of any annual audit and the fees and expenses of any Person, 
including special experts, retained by the Issuer or the Guarantors.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders of Entitled Securities 
being registered shall pay all agency fees and commissions and underwriting 
discounts and commissions, if any, and transfer taxes, if any, attributable 
to the sale of such Entitled Securities, and the fees and disbursements of 
any counsel or other advisors or experts retained by such Holders 
(severally or jointly), other than the counsel and experts specifically 
referred to above.

     B. In connection with any Registration Statement required by this 
Agreement (including, without limitation, the Exchange Offer Registration 
Statement and the Shelf Registration Statement), the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, jointly and severally, will reimburse the Initial Purchasers 
and the Holders of Entitled Securities being tendered in the Exchange Offer 
and/or resold pursuant to the Plan of Distribution contained in the 
Exchange Offer Registration Statement or registered pursuant to the Shelf 
Registration Statement, as applicable, for the

-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

reasonable fees and disbursements of not more than one counsel for the 
holders of Entitled Securities and Initial Purchasers, who shall be Latham 
& Watkins LLP, or such other counsel as may be chosen by the Holders of a 
majority in principal amount of the Entitled Securities for whose benefit 
such Registration Statement is being prepared.

     VIII. INDEMNIFICATION.

     A. The Issuer and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree to 
indemnify and hold harmless (i) each Holder and (ii) each Person, if any, 
who controls (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or 
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) any Holder (any of the Persons referred to 
in this clause (ii) being hereinafter referred to as a controlling 
person) and (iii) the respective officers, directors, partners, employees, 
representatives and agents of any Holder or any controlling person (any 
Person referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) may hereinafter be referred 
to as an Indemnified Holder), to the fullest extent lawful, from and 
against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, 
actions and expenses (including, without limitation, and as incurred, 
reimbursement of all reasonable costs of investigating, preparing, 
pursuing, settling, compromising, paying or defending any claim or action, 
or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, 
commenced or threatened, including the reasonable fees and expenses of 
counsel to any Indemnified Holder), joint or several, directly or 
indirectly caused by, related to, based upon, arising out of or in 
connection with any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact contained in any Registration Statement or Prospectus (or any 
amendment or supplement thereto), or any omission or alleged omission to 
state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to 
make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as such losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are caused by an untrue statement 
or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission that is made in 
reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any of the 
Holders furnished in writing to the Issuer by any of the Holders expressly 
for use therein. This indemnity agreement shall be in addition to any 
liability which the Issuer or any of the Guarantors may otherwise have.

     In case any action or proceeding (including any governmental or 
regulatory investigation or proceeding) shall be brought or asserted 
against any of the Indemnified Holders with respect to which indemnity may 
be sought against the Issuer or the Guarantors, such Indemnified Holder (or 
the Indemnified Holder controlled by such controlling person) shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the Guarantors in writing; provided, 
however, that the failure to give such notice shall not relieve any of the 
Issuer or the Guarantors of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement 
except to the extent they are prejudiced by any such failure. Such 
Indemnified Holder shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any 
such action and the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one 
counsel to such Indemnified Holder (in addition to any local counsel) shall 
be paid, as incurred, by the Issuer and the Guarantors, subject to the 
limitations on the Issuers and the Guarantors indemnification obligations 
set forth in the preceding paragraph. The Issuer and the Guarantors shall 
not, in connection with any one such action or proceeding or separate but 
substantially similar or related actions or proceedings in the same 
jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, 
be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate 
firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) at any time for such 
Indemnified Holders, which firm shall be designated by the Holders. The 
Issuer and the

-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Guarantors shall be liable for any settlement of any such action or 
proceeding effected with the Issuers and the Guarantors prior written 
consent, which consent shall not be withheld unreasonably, and each of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any 
Indemnified Holder from and against any loss, claim, damage, liability or 
expense by reason of any settlement of any action effected with the written 
consent of the Issuer and the Guarantors. The Issuer and the Guarantors 
shall not, without the prior written consent of each Indemnified Holder, 
settle or compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in or otherwise 
seek to terminate any pending or threatened action, claim, litigation or 
proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be 
sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Holder is a party 
thereto), unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination 
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Holder from all 
liability arising out of such action, claim, litigation or proceeding.

     B. Each Holder of Entitled Securities agrees, severally and not 
jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Guarantors and the 
respective directors and officers of the Issuer and the Guarantors who sign 
a Registration Statement, and any Person controlling (within the meaning of 
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) the 
Issuer or any of the Guarantors, and the respective officers, directors, 
partners, employees, representatives and agents of each such Person, to the 
same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Issuer and the Guarantors 
to each of the Indemnified Holders, but only with respect to claims and 
actions based on information relating to such Holder furnished in writing 
by such Holder expressly for use in any Registration Statement or 
Prospectus. In case any action or proceeding shall be brought against the 
Issuer, the Guarantors or its their respective directors or officers or any 
such controlling person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against 
a Holder of Entitled Securities, such Holder shall have the rights and 
duties given the Issuer and the Guarantors, and the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
their respective directors and officers and such controlling person shall 
have the rights and duties given to each Holder by the preceding paragraph.

     C. If the indemnification provided for in this Section VIII is 
unavailable to an indemnified party under Section VIII(A) or (B) hereof 
(other than by reason of exceptions provided in those Sections) in respect 
of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, actions or expenses 
referred to therein, then each applicable indemnifying party, in lieu of 
indemnifying such indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or 
payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities or expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect the relative benefits received by the Issuer and the Guarantors, on 
the one hand, and the Holders, on the other hand, from the Initial 
Placement (which in the case of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall be 
deemed to be equal to the total net proceeds (before deducting expenses) to 
the Issuer and the Guarantors from the Initial Placement), the amount of 
Special Interest which did not become payable as a result of the filing of 
the Registration Statement resulting in such losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities, judgments actions or expenses, and such Registration 
Statement, or if such allocation is not permitted by applicable law, the 
relative fault of the Issuer and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the 
Holders, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions 
which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as 
well as any other relevant equitable

-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

considerations. The relative fault of the Issuer on the one hand and of the 
Holders on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other 
things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact 
or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to 
information supplied by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors, on the one 
hand, or the Holders, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, 
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such 
statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of 
the losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to above 
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 
VIII(A) hereof, any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by 
such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or 
claim.

     The Issuer, the Guarantors and each Holder of Entitled Securities 
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to 
this Section VIII(C) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the 
Holders were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method 
of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations 
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. The amount paid or 
payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities or expenses referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph 
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any 
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in 
connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section VIII, none of the Holders 
(and its related Indemnified Holders) shall be required to contribute, in 
the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the total 
discount received by such Holder with respect to the Initial Securities 
exceeds the amount of any damages which such Holder has otherwise been 
required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or 
omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent 
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities 
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty 
of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Holders obligations to 
contribute pursuant to this Section VIII(C) are several in proportion to 
the respective principal amount of Initial Securities held by each of the 
Holders hereunder and not joint.

     IX. RULE 144A.

     EACH OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY AGREES WITH EACH HOLDER, 
FOR SO LONG AS ANY ENTITLED SECURITIES REMAIN OUTSTANDING, TO MAKE 
AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER OF ENTITLED SECURITIES IN 
CONNECTION WITH ANY SALE THEREOF AND ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF SUCH 
ENTITLED SECURITIES FROM SUCH HOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER, THE INFORMATION 
REQUIRED BY RULE 144A(D)(4) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN ORDER TO PERMIT 
RESALES OF SUCH ENTITLED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT.

     X. PARTICIPATION IN UNDERWRITTEN REGISTRATIONS.

-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     NO HOLDER MAY PARTICIPATE IN ANY UNDERWRITTEN REGISTRATION HEREUNDER 
UNLESS SUCH HOLDER (A) AGREES TO SELL SUCH HOLDERS ENTITLED SECURITIES ON 
THE BASIS PROVIDED IN ANY UNDERWRITING ARRANGEMENTS APPROVED BY THE PERSONS 
ENTITLED HEREUNDER TO APPROVE SUCH ARRANGEMENTS AND (B) COMPLETES AND 
EXECUTES ALL REASONABLE QUESTIONNAIRES, POWERS OF ATTORNEY, INDEMNITIES, 
UNDERWRITING AGREEMENTS, LOCK-UP LETTERS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS REQUIRED UNDER 
THE TERMS OF SUCH UNDERWRITING ARRANGEMENTS.

     XI. SELECTION OF UNDERWRITERS.

     THE HOLDERS OF ENTITLED SECURITIES COVERED BY THE SHELF REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT WHO DESIRE TO DO SO MAY SELL SUCH ENTITLED SECURITIES IN AN 
UNDERWRITTEN OFFERING. IN ANY SUCH UNDERWRITTEN OFFERING, THE INVESTMENT 
BANKER(S) AND MANAGING UNDERWRITER(S) THAT WILL ADMINISTER SUCH OFFERING 
WILL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDERS OF A MAJORITY IN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
OF THE ENTITLED SECURITIES INCLUDED IN SUCH OFFERING; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, 
THAT SUCH INVESTMENT BANKER(S) AND MANAGING UNDERWRITER(S) MUST BE 
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER.

     XII. MISCELLANEOUS.

     A. Remedies. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors hereby agrees that 
monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred 
by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby 
agree to waive the defense in any action for specific performance that a 
remedy at law would be adequate.

     B. No Inconsistent Agreements. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
will not on or after the date of this Agreement enter into any agreement 
with respect to its securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted 
to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions 
hereof. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors are currently party to any 
agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its 
securities that are similar to the Entitled Securities to any Person. The 
rights granted to the Holders hereunder do not in any way conflict with and 
are not inconsistent with the rights granted to the holders of the Issuers 
or any of the Guarantors securities under any agreement in effect on the 
date hereof.

     C. Adjustments Affecting the Securities. The Issuer will not take any 
action, or permit any change to occur, with respect to the Securities that 
would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Holders to 
Consummate any Exchange Offer.

     D. Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement may not be 
amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to or departures 
from the provisions hereof may not be given unless the Issuer has (i) in 
the case of Section V hereof and this Section XII(D)(i), obtained the 
written consent of Holders of all outstanding Entitled

-19-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Securities and (ii) in the case of all other provisions hereof, obtained 
the written consent of Holders of a majority of the outstanding principal 
amount of Entitled Securities (excluding any Entitled Securities held by 
the Issuer or its Affiliates). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or 
consent to departure from the provisions hereof that relates exclusively to 
the rights of Holders whose securities are being tendered pursuant to the 
Exchange Offer and that does not affect directly or indirectly the rights 
of other Holders whose securities are not being tendered pursuant to such 
Exchange Offer may be given by the Holders of a majority of the outstanding 
principal amount of Entitled Securities being tendered or registered; 
provided, however, that, with respect to any matter that directly or 
indirectly affects the rights of any Initial Purchaser hereunder, the 
Issuer shall obtain the written consent of each such Initial Purchaser with 
respect to which such amendment, qualification, supplement, waiver, consent 
or departure is to be effective.

     E. Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or 
permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, first-class 
mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), telex, 
telecopier, or air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery:

     1. if to a Holder, at the address set forth on the records of the 
Registrar under the Indenture, with a copy to the Registrar under the 
Indenture; and

     2. if to the Issuer:

Hanesbrands Inc.
1000 East Hanes Mill Road
Winston Salem, NC 27105
Telecopier No.: 336-519-0524
Attention: Joia M. Johnson

With a copy to:

Kirkland & Ellis LLP
300 North LaSalle
Chicago, IL 60654
Telecopier No.: (312) 862-2200
Attention: Gerald T. Nowak, P.C.
                              Theodore Peto

     All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly 
given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five 
Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if 
mailed; when answered back, if telexed; when receipt acknowledged, if 
telecopied; and on the next Business Day, if timely delivered to an air 
courier guaranteeing overnight delivery.

     Copies of all such notices, demands or other communications shall be 
concurrently delivered by the Person giving the same to the Trustee at the 
address specified in the Indenture.

-20-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     F. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit 
of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the parties, 
including, without limitation, and without the need for an express 
assignment, subsequent Holders of Entitled Securities; provided, however, 
that this Agreement shall not inure to the benefit of or be binding upon a 
successor or assign of a Holder unless and to the extent such successor or 
assign acquired Entitled Securities from such Holder.

     G. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of 
which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which 
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     H. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

     I. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE 
CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES THEREOF.

     J. Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions 
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and 
enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the 
remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected or impaired 
thereby.

     K. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a 
final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and 
exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties 
hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no 
restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set 
forth or referred to herein with respect to the registration rights granted 
by the Issuer with respect to the Entitled Securities. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with 
respect to such subject matter.

-21-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
date first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	HANESBRANDS INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Richard D. Moss   	 
  	  	Name:   	Richard D. Moss  	 
  	  	Title:   	Senior Vice President and Treasurer  	 
  	
          On behalf of each of the Guarantors listed below:

BA INTERNATIONAL, L.L.C.
CARIBESOCK, INC.
CARIBETEX, INC.
CASA INTERNATIONAL, LLC
CEIBENA DEL, INC.
HANES MENSWEAR, LLC
HANES PUERTO RICO, INC.
HANESBRANDS DIRECT, LLC
HANESBRANDS DISTRIBUTION, INC.
HBI BRANDED APPAREL ENTERPRISES, LLC
HBI BRANDED APPAREL LIMITED, INC.
HBI INTERNATIONAL, LLC
HBI SOURCING, LLC
INNER SELF LLC
JASPER-COSTA RICA, L.L.C.
PLAYTEX DORADO, LLC
PLAYTEX INDUSTRIES, INC.
SEAMLESS TEXTILES, LLC
UPCR, INC.
UPEL, INC.
  	  	  	  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Richard D. Moss   	 
  	  	Name:   	Richard D. Moss  	 
  	  	Title:   	Treasurer  	 
 


[Signature page to Registration Rights Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	GEARCO, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Richard D. Moss  	 
  	  	Name:   	Richard D. Moss  	 
  	  	Title:   	Vice President  Treasurer  	 
  	
          On behalf of each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries below:

GFSI HOLDINGS, INC.
GFSI, INC.
CC PRODUCTS, INC.
EVENT 1, INC.
  	  	  	  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Richard D. Moss  	 
  	  	Name:   	Richard D. Moss  	 
  	  	Title:   	Vice President and Treasurer  	 
 


[Signature page to Registration Rights Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     The foregoing Registration Rights Agreement is hereby confirmed and 
accepted as of the date first written above.

Accepted: November 9, 2010

For itself and on behalf of the
several Initial Purchasers listed
in Schedule 1 hereto:
  	  	  	  	 
  	MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Thomas Brown 	 
  	  	Authorizing Signatory  	 
 
  	BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Benjamin Burton 	 
  	  	Authorizing Signatory  	  	 
 
  	HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Richard Zobkiw 	 
  	  	Authorizing Signatory  	  	 
 
  	J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Joseph C. Stephanak 	 
  	  	Authorizing Signatory  	  	 
 
  	GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Goldman, Sachs & Co. 	 
  	  	Authorizing Signatory  	  	 
 


[Signature page to Registration Rights Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Schedule 1


Initial Purchasers

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Barclays Capital Inc.
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
BB&T Capital Markets, a division of Scott & Stringfellow, LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc.
PNC Capital Markets LLC
RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Schedule 2


Guarantors

BA International, L.L.C.
Caribesock, Inc.
Caribetex, Inc.
CASA International, LLC
Ceibena Del, Inc.
Hanes Menswear, LLC
Hanes Puerto Rico, Inc.
Hanesbrands Direct, LLC
Hanesbrands Distribution, Inc.
HBI Branded Apparel Enterprises, LLC
HBI Branded Apparel Limited, Inc.
HbI International, LLC
HBI Sourcing, LLC
Inner Self LLC
Jasper-Costa Rica, L.L.C.
Playtex Dorado, LLC
Playtex Industries, Inc.
Seamless Textiles, LLC
UPCR, Inc.
UPEL, Inc.
GearCo, Inc.
GFSI Holdings, Inc.
GFSI, Inc.
CC Products, Inc.
Event 1, Inc.

 