 EX-10.24 7 v201720_ex10-24.htm
 
Exhibit 10.24
 
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of 
November ____, 2010, between Solar EnerTech Corp., a Delaware corporation 
(the “Company”), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages 
hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a “Purchaser” and 
collectively the “Purchasers”).
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the Company desires to 
issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as 
more fully described in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1            Definitions.  In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in 
this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms 
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:
 
“Acquiring Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.5.
 
    “Action” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(j).
 
    “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one
    or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
    control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under
    Rule 405 under the Securities Act.
 
    “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Company.
 
    “Business Day” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day
    which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on
    which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
    required by law or other governmental action to close.
 
    “Closing” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities
    pursuant to Section 2.1.
 
    “Closing Date” means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction
    Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
    thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers’
    obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company’s
    obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been
    satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the third Trading Day
    following the date hereof.
     
 
- 1 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange
    Commission.
 
    “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001
    per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
    may hereafter be reclassified or changed.
 
    “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
    Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
    time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
    stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
    entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
 
    “Company Counsel” means DLA Piper LLP (US), with offices located at
    2000 University Avenue, East Palo Alto, California 94301.
 
    “Disclosure Schedules” means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company
    delivered concurrently herewith.
 
    “Escrow Agent” means Signature Bank, a New York State chartered bank
    and having an office at 261 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10016.
 
    “Escrow Agreement” means the escrow agreement entered into prior to the
    date hereof, by and among the Company, the Escrow Agent and Rodman &
    Renshaw, LLC, pursuant to which the Purchasers shall deposit
    Subscription Amounts with the Escrow Agent to be applied to the
    transactions contemplated hereunder.
 
    “Evaluation Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(r).
 
    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
    and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

    “Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or
    options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to
    any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority
    of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of
    the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for
    such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or
    conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
    exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common
    Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
    that such securities have not been amended since the date of this
    Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the
    exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities,
    (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
    transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of
    the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person
    (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its
    subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a
    business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide
    to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of
    funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is
    issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to
    an entity whose primary business is investing in securities and (d)
    shares of Common Stock in payment of interest on the Series B-1
    Convertible Note issued by the Company on March 19, 2010.
     
 
- 2 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “FCPA” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
    “GAAP” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).
 
    “Indebtedness” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(z).
 
    “Intellectual Property Rights” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 3.1(o).
 
    “Liens” means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance,
    right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
 
    “Material Adverse Effect” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
    in Section 3.1(b).
 
    “Material Permits” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(m).
 
    “Per Share Purchase Price” equals $_______, subject to adjustment for
    reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
    and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
    date of this Agreement.
 
    “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
    incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
    liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or
    subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
 
    “Proceeding” means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding
    (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial
    proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.
 
    “Prospectus” means the final prospectus filed for the Registration
    Statement.
 
    “Prospectus Supplement” means the supplement to the Prospectus
    complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
    Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the
    Closing.
 
    “Purchaser Party” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.8.
 
    “Registration Statement” means the effective registration statement
    with Commission file No. 333-169045 which registers the sale of the
    Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers.
 
    “Required Approvals” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(e).
     
 
- 3 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
    time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
    Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
    Rule.
 
    “Rule 424” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
    time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
    Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
    Rule.
 
     “SEC Reports” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(h).
 
    “Securities” means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.
 
    “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
    rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
    “Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each
    Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.
 
    “Short Sales” means all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of
    Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
    include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common
    Stock). 
 
     “Subscription Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate
    amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as
    specified below such Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this
    Agreement and next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United
    States dollars and in immediately available funds.
 
    “Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on
    Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement, and shall, where
    applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
    Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.
 
    “Trading Day” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open
    for trading.
 
    “Trading Market” means any of the following markets or exchanges on
    which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
    question: the NYSE AMEX, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
    Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or
    the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing).
 
    “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Warrants and any
    other documents or agreements executed in connection with the
    transactions contemplated hereunder.
 
    “Transfer Agent” means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the
    current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 17
    Battery Place, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10004 and a facsimile
    number of (212) 509-5150, and any successor transfer agent of the
    Company.
     
 
- 4 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “Variable Rate Transaction” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 4.12(b).
 
    “Warrants” means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants
    delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
    2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have
    a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit A 
    attached hereto.
 
    “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
    exercise of the Warrants.
 
    “WS” means Weinstein Smith LLP with offices located at 420 Lexington
    Avenue, Suite 2620, New York, New York 10170-0002.
 
ARTICLE II.
PURCHASE AND SALE
 
2.1           Closing.  On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company 
agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,  agree to 
purchase, up to an aggregate of $__________ of Shares and Warrants to 
purchase up to an aggregate of ____ shares of Common Stock.  Each Purchaser 
shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer or a certified check, 
immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount 
as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser and 
the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a 
Warrant as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each 
Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 
deliverable at the Closing.  Upon satisfaction of the covenants and 
conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at 
the offices of WS or such other location as the parties shall mutually 
agree.
 
2.2           Deliveries.
 
    (a)           On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall
    deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:
 
       (i)           this Agreement duly executed by the Company;
 
       (ii)           a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in
       the form of Exhibit B attached hereto;
 
       (iii)           a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the
       Company’s transfer agent instructing the transfer agent to deliver
       via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian
       system (“DWAC”) a number of Shares equal to such Purchaser’s
       Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price,
       registered in the name of such Purchaser;
        
 
- 5 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
       (iv)           a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to
       purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to ___% of
       such Purchaser’s Shares, with an exercise price equal to $_____,
       subject to adjustment therein (such Warrant certificate may be
       delivered within three Trading Days of the Closing Date); and
 
       (v)           the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be
       delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).
 
    (b)           On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall
    deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company or the Escrow Agent, as
    applicable, the following:
 
       (i)           this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and
 
       (ii)           to the Escrow Agent, such Purchaser’s Subscription
       Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in the Escrow
       Agreement.
 
2.3           Closing Conditions.
 
    (a)           The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection
    with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
       (i)           the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing
       Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers
       contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
       they shall be accurate as of such date);
 
       (ii)           all obligations, covenants and agreements of each
       Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date
       shall have been performed in all material respects; and
 
       (iii)           the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set
       forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
    (b)           The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in
    connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions
    being met:
 
       (i)           the accuracy in all material respects when made and on
       the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the
       Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein);
 
       (ii)           all obligations, covenants and agreements of the
       Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date
       shall have been performed in all material respects;
 
       (iii)           the delivery by the Company of the items set forth
       in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;
        
 
- 6 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
       (iv)           there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with
       respect to the Company since the date hereof; and
 
       (v)           from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in
       the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or
       the Company’s principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to
       the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
       Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum
       prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
       are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a
       banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or
       New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any
       material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
       international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any
       material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
       case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
       impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the
       Closing.
 
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
3.1           Representations and Warranties of the Company.  Except as set 
forth in the Registration Statement, the SEC Reports or the Disclosure 
Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and 
shall qualify any representation or warranty made herein to the extent of 
the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure 
Schedules (provided that any disclosure in a section of the Disclosure 
Schedules may apply to or qualify disclosure under one or more other 
sections where it is reasonably evident from the details of such disclosure 
that application to such other section would be appropriate), the Company 
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each 
Purchaser:
 
    (a)           Subsidiaries.  All of the direct and indirect
    subsidiaries of the Company are as set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the
    Registration Statement.  The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all
    of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free
    and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of
    capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
    non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe
    for or purchase securities.  If the Company has no subsidiaries, all
    other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction
    Documents shall be disregarded.
 
    (b)           Organization and Qualification.  The Company and each of
    the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
    validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite
    power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to
    carry on its business as currently conducted.  Neither the Company nor
    any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of
    its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
    other organizational or charter documents.  Each of the Company and the
    Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
    standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction
    in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it
    makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
    qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or
    reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on
    the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
    (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets,
    business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
    Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material
    adverse effect on the Company’s ability to perform in any material
    respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction
    Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a “Material Adverse Effect”) and
    no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking,
    limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such
    power and authority or qualification.
     
 
- 7 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (c)           Authorization; Enforcement.  The Company has the
    requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other
    Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
    hereunder and thereunder.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement
    and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the
    consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
    have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
    Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of
    Directors or the Company’s stockholders in connection herewith or
    therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals.  This
    Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
    has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company
    and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
    will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
    enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
    (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
    bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
    general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights
    generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
    specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
    (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
    limited by applicable law.
 
    (d)           No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance by
    the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
    which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the
    consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
    do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
    Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation,
    bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
    with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
    time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of
    any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any
    Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
    acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or
    both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
    (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other
    understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
    which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound
    or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with
    or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
    injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
    authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including
    federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any
    property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected;
    except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
    have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
     
 
- 8 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (e)           Filings, Consents and Approvals.  The Company is not
    required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give
    any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or
    other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
    Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by
    the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
    required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing
    with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s)
    to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and
    Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required
    thereby and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under
    applicable state securities laws (collectively, the “Required Approvals
    ”).
 
    (f)           Issuance of the Securities; Registration.  The Securities
    are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
    the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
    the Company.  The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the
    terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.  The
    Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum
    number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement
    and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration
    Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act,
    which became effective on November __, 2010 (the “Effective Date”),
    including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto
    as may have been required to the date of this Agreement.  The
    Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no
    stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the
    Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the
    Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for
    that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company,
    are threatened by the Commission.  The Company, if required by the
    rules and regulations of the Commission, proposes to file the
    Prospectus, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).  At the time
    the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective,
    at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
    Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all
    material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not
    and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
    state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
    make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any
    amendments or supplements thereto, at time the Prospectus or any
    amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date,
    conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
    of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
    under which they were made, not misleading.
     
 
- 9 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (g)           Capitalization.  The capitalization of the Company is as
    set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus Supplement. 
    The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
    filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to
    the exercise of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option
    plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to
    the Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the
    conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as
    of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the
    Exchange Act.  No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
    right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in
    the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Except as
    a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities or the issuance of
    stock options or other equity securities to employees under the
    Company’s stock option or stock purchase plans or as disclosed or
    described in the Registration Statement (including in any SEC Reports
    incorporated by reference therein), there are no outstanding options,
    warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
    character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any
    Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
    Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by
    which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue
    additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  The
    issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to
    issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other
    than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of
    Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or
    reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares
    of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all
    federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares
    was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to
    subscribe for or purchase securities.  No further approval or
    authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is
    required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.  There are no
    stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements
    with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a
    party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the
    Company’s stockholders.
 
    (h)           SEC Reports; Financial Statements.  The Company has filed
    all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
    to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
    Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
    years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company
    was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
    materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by
    reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus
    Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the “SEC Reports
    ”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of
    filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of
    any such extension.  As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports
    complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
    Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC
    Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
    or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
    necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company
    has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities
    Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
    Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
    requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with
    respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such financial
    statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
    generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
    during the periods involved (“GAAP”), except as may be otherwise
    specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except
    that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes
    required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the
    financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as
    of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
    flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
    statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
     
 
- 10 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (i)           Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or
    Developments.  Since the date of the latest audited financial
    statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically
    disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof,
    (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
    that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
    Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
    or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses
    incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the
    Company’s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
    made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method
    of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
    or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
    purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
    shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any
    equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except
    pursuant to existing Company stock option plans.  The Company does not
    have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
    treatment of information.  Except for the issuance of the Securities
    contemplated by this Agreement, the disclosure set forth in the Current
    Report on Form 8-K required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement
    or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact,
    circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is
    reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or
    its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties,
    operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be
    disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time
    this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly
    disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
    representation is made.
 
    (j)           Litigation.  There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of
    violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
    the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any
    Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any
    court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
    authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
    “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality,
    validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the
    Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
    or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
    Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
    thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of
    violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a
    claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the
    knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any
    investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or
    former director or officer of the Company.  The Commission has not
    issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of
    any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under
    the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
     
 
- 11 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (k)           Labor Relations.  No labor dispute exists or, to the
    knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the
    employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result
    in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the Company’s or its
    Subsidiaries’ employees is a member of a union that relates to such
    employee’s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and
    neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a
    collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
    believe that their relationships with their employees are good.  To the
    knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any
    Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material
    term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or
    proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any
    other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any
    third party, and the continued employment of each such executive
    officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any
    liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters.  The Company
    and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state,
    local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and
    employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and
    hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (l)           Compliance.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i)
    is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
    has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
    result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has
    the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in
    default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or
    credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a
    party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not
    such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any
    judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other
    governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any
    statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority,
    including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws
    relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and
    safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters,
    except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to
    result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (m)           Regulatory Permits.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
    possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the
    appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities
    necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the
    SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not
    reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (“
    Material Permits”), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
    received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
    modification of any Material Permit.
     
 
- 12 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (n)           Title to Assets.  The Company and the Subsidiaries have
    good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by
    them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by
    them that is material to the business of the Company and the
    Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i)
    Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not
    materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
    property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the
    payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate
    reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
    which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties.  Any real
    property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the
    Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
    leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.
 
    (o)           Intellectual Property.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
    have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
    trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade
    secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
    property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in
    connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC
    Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse
    Effect (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”).  None of,
    and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice
    (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
    has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or
    terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this
    Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since
    the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the
    SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge
    that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
    rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be
    expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of
    the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and
    there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
    Intellectual Property Rights.  The Company and its Subsidiaries have
    taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
    confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties,
    except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the
    aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (p)           Insurance.  The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured
    by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
    and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the
    businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged,
    including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance
    coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount.  Neither
    the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will
    not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such
    coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as
    may be necessary to continue its business without a significant
    increase in cost.
     
 
- 13 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (q)           Transactions With Affiliates and Employees.  Except as
    set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the
    Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of
    the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
    any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for
    services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
    agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services
    to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
    providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or
    otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such
    employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any
    officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or
    is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in
    each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or
    consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses
    incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
    including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the
    Company.
     
    (r)           Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls.  The
    Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and
    all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are
    effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and
    regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective
    as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date.  The Company and the
    Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
    sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are
    executed in accordance with management’s general or specific
    authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to
    maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only
    in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and
    (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the
    existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
    with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have
    established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries
    and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
    information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
    files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
    summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
    Commission’s rules and forms.  The Company’s certifying officers have
    evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
    of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered
    by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such
    date, the “Evaluation Date”).  The Company presented in its most
    recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions
    of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
    controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation
    Date.  Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the
    internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in
    the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
    materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
    internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries.
 
    (s)           Certain Fees.  Except as set forth in the Prospectus
    Supplement, no brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be
    payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
    advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank
    or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents.  The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
    respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf
    of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that
    may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents.
     
 
- 14 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (t)           Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an
    Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the
    Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an “investment company”
    within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
    The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not
    become an “investment company” subject to registration under the
    Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
    (u)           Registration Rights.  Other than rights which have
    expired or which the Company has fully satisfied by the filing of
    registration statements, no Person has any right to cause the Company
    or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act
    of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.
 
    (v)           Listing and Maintenance Requirements.  The Common Stock
    is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
    and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its
    knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
    of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received
    any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such
    registration.  The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date
    hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common
    Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
    not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
    Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it
    will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with
    all such listing and maintenance requirements.
 
    (w)           Application of Takeover Protections.  The Company and the
    Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to
    render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business
    combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
    agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company’s
    certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
    of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the
    Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
    their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction
    Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company’s
    issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers’ ownership of the
    Securities.
 
    (x)           Disclosure.  Except with respect to the material terms
    and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
    Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person
    acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents
    or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might
    constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
    disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.   The Company understands and
    confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation
    in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.  All of the
    disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers
    regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses
    and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure
    Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct in all material
    respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
    or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
    statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
    were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no
    Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with
    respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those
    specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
     
 
- 15 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (y)           No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the
    Purchasers’ representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
    neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting
    on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
    sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security,
    under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to
    be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any
    applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
    which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.
 
    (z)           Solvency.  Based on the consolidated financial condition
    of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the
    receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
    hereunder, the current cash flow of the Company, together with the
    proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its
    assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash,
    would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its
    liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid.  The Company
    does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as
    they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be
    payable on or in respect of its debt).  Except as set forth in the
    Prospectus Supplement, the Company has no knowledge of any facts or
    circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for
    reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
    laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date.  The
    SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and
    unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which
    the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.  For the purposes of
    this Agreement, “Indebtedness” means (x) any liabilities for borrowed
    money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts
    payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all
    guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of
    indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be
    reflected in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet (or the notes
    thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments
    for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
    course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in
    excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in
    accordance with GAAP.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
    default with respect to any Indebtedness.
 
    (aa)           Tax Status.  Except for matters that would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
    result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries
    each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local
    income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and
    declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
    has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that
    are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
    reports and declarations and (iii) to the extent required by GAAP, has
    set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of
    all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such
    returns, reports or declarations apply.  To the knowledge of the
    officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary, there are no unpaid taxes
    in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any
    jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know
    of no basis for any such claim.
     
 
- 16 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (bb)           Foreign Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company nor any
    Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
    agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any
    Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
    contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related
    to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
    payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to
    any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
    funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the
    Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
    of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv)
    violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.
 
    (cc)           Accountants.  The Company’s accounting firm is Ernst &
    Young Hua Ming.  To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such
    accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required
    by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to
    the financial statements to be included in the Company’s Annual Report
    for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2010.
 
    (dd)            Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers’ Purchase of
    Securities.  The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the
    Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length
    purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
    transactions contemplated thereby.  The Company further acknowledges
    that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the
    Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction
    Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice
    given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or
    agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the
    transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the
    Purchasers’ purchase of the Securities.  The Company further represents
    to each Purchaser that the Company’s decision to enter into this
    Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on
    the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by
    the Company and its representatives.
 
    (ee)           Acknowledgement Regarding Purchaser’s Trading Activity. 
    Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
    notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(e) and 4.14 hereof), it is
    understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the
    Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any
    Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or
    short, securities of the Company, or “derivative” securities based on
    securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any
    specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions
    by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short
    Sales or “derivative” transactions, before or after the closing of this
    or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the
    market price of the Company’s publicly-traded securities; (iii) any
    Purchaser, and counter-parties in “derivative” transactions to which
    any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may
    have a “short” position in the Common Stock; and (iv) each Purchaser
    shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any
    arm’s length counter-party in any “derivative” transaction.  The
    Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more
    Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the
    period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without
    limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares
    deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z)
    such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
    stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time
    that the hedging activities are being conducted.  The Company
    acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not
    constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.
     
 
- 17 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (ff)           Regulation M Compliance.  The Company has not, and to
    its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or
    indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the
    stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
    Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii)
    sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting
    purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to
    any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any
    other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses
    (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Company’s placement agent in
    connection with the placement of the Securities.
 
    (gg)           [RESERVED]
 
    (hh)           Office of Foreign Assets Control.  Neither the Company
    nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director,
    officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company  or any Subsidiary
    is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office
    of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“OFAC”).
 
    (ii)           U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation.  The Company is
    not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
    the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
    amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser’s request.
 
    (jj)           Bank Holding Company Act.  Neither the Company nor any
    of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding
    Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”) and to regulation by the
    Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve
    ”).  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns
    or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the
    outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five
    percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is
    subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.  Neither
    the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a
    controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any
    entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal
    Reserve.
     
 
- 18 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (kk)           Money Laundering.  The operations of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
    with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of
    the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
    amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and
    regulations thereunder (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”), and
    no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
    agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
    any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or,
    to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.
 
3.2           Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers.  Each 
Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and 
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as 
follows (unless as of a specific date therein):
 
   (a)           Organization; Authority.  Such Purchaser is either an
   individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing
   and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
   incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership,
   limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into
   and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
   otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
   execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by such
   Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been
   duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited
   liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such
   Purchaser.  Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
   duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in
   accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally
   binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in
   accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable
   principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
   moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement
   of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the
   availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other
   equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
   provisions may be limited by applicable law.
 
   (b)           Understandings or Arrangements.  Such Purchaser is
   acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no
   direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons
   to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
   representation and warranty not limiting such Purchaser’s right to sell
   the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in
   compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).  Such
   Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course
   of its business.
 
   (c)           Purchaser Status.  At the time such Purchaser was offered
   the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
   date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an
   “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
   (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified
   institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities
   Act.  Such Purchaser is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer
   under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.
    
 
- 19 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
   (d)           Experience of Such Purchaser.  Such Purchaser, either
   alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
   sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to
   be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective
   investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks
   of such investment.  Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
   an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to
   afford a complete loss of such investment.
 
   (e)           Certain Transactions and Confidentiality.  Other than
   consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
   not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any
   understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
   purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the
   Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
   first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any
   other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
   of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior
   to the execution hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of
   a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
   portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets
   and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment
   decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such
   Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply
   with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager
   that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by
   this Agreement.  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement,
   such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
   made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence
   and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
   avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
   representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the
   identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares
   to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the
   future.
 
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in 
Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser’s right to 
rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other 
Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or 
delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the 
transaction contemplated hereby.
 
ARTICLE IV.
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES
 
4.1           Warrant Shares.  If all or any portion of a Warrant is 
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to 
cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is 
exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any 
such exercise shall be issued free of all legends.  If at any time 
following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent 
registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant 
Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or 
resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the 
holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not 
then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the 
registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or 
resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the 
foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any 
Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable 
federal and state securities laws).
 
 
- 20 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.2           Furnishing of Information.  Until the earliest of the time 
that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, 
the Company covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to timely file 
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable 
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the 
date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then 
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.
 
4.3           Integration.  The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or 
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as 
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with 
the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and 
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder 
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder 
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
 
4.4           Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.  The Company shall (a) 
by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following 
the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 
8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the 
Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.  From and after 
the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the 
Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public 
information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or 
agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents.  The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in 
issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions 
contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue 
any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without 
the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any 
Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to 
any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be 
withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which 
case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior 
notice of such public statement or communication.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any 
Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the 
Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior 
written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal 
securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents 
(including signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (b) to the 
extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in 
which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of 
such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
 
4.5           Shareholder Rights Plan.  No claim will be made or enforced 
by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that 
any Purchaser is an “Acquiring Person” under any control share acquisition, 
business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a 
rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or 
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to 
trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of 
receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other 
agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.
 
 
- 21 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.6           Non-Public Information.  Except with respect to the material 
terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other 
Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or 
counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material 
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have 
entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the 
confidentiality and use of such information.  The Company understands and 
confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in 
effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
 
4.7           Use of Proceeds.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 
attached hereto or in the Registration Statement, the Company shall use the 
net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital 
purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any 
portion of the Company’s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the 
ordinary course of the Company’s business and prior practices), (b) for the 
redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the 
settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or 
OFAC regulations.
 
4.8           Indemnification of Purchasers.   Subject to the provisions of 
this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and 
its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and 
agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning 
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), 
and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or 
employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title) of such controlling persons (each, a “Purchaser Party”) 
harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, 
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, 
amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as 
a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, 
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement 
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against 
the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective 
Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of 
such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of 
such Purchaser Party’s representations, warranties or covenants under the 
Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser 
Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such 
Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such 
Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful 
misconduct or malfeasance).  If any action shall be brought against any 
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to 
this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in 
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser 
Party.  Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel 
in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and 
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party 
except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically 
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a 
reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or 
(iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a 
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company 
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall 
be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one 
such separate counsel.  The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser 
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party 
effected without the Company’s prior written consent, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the 
extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any 
Purchaser Party’s breach of any of the representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or 
in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnity agreements contained 
herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any 
Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the 
Company may be subject to pursuant to law.
 
 
- 22 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.9           Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the 
Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep 
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of 
shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue 
Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any 
exercise of the Warrants.
 
4.10           Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the 
Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and 
concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all 
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure 
the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. 
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock 
traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such 
application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other 
action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be 
listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible.  The 
Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the 
listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply 
in all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations 
under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market.
 
4.11           [RESERVED]
 
4.12           Subsequent Equity Sales.
 
    (a)           From the date hereof until 180 days after the Closing
    Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into
    any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of
    any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.
 
    (b)           From the date hereof until 12 months after the Closing
    Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
    an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash
    consideration (or a combination of units hereof) involving a Variable
    Rate Transaction.  “Variable Rate Transaction” means a transaction in
    which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities
    that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
    the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a
    conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that
    is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations
    for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
    of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise
    or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
    after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the
    occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
    related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common
    Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to,
    an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may sell securities at a
    future determined price.  Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
    injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
    which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.
     
 
- 23 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (c)           Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall
    not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable
    Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance (provided that, for
    purposes of this Section 4.12, issuances pursuant to clause (d) of the
    definition of Exempt Issuance shall be deemed to not be a Variable Rate
    Transaction).
 
4.13           Equal Treatment of Purchasers.  No consideration (including 
any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to 
any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision 
of any of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also 
offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents.  For 
clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted 
to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each 
Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a 
class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in 
concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting 
of Securities or otherwise.
 
4.14           Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, 
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither 
it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding 
with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any 
of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution 
of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the 
initial press release as described in Section 4.4.  Each Purchaser, 
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until 
such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly 
disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described 
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the 
existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the 
Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the 
contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no 
Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it 
will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company 
after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are 
first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described 
in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from 
effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance 
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced 
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) 
no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or its 
Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described 
in Section 4.4.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser 
that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio 
managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the 
portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions 
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s 
assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the 
portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment 
decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
 
 
- 24 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.15           Capital Changes.  Until the one year anniversary of the 
Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock 
split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written 
consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares.
 
ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1           Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any 
Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without 
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other 
Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not 
been consummated on or before November ___, 2010; provided, however, that 
no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any 
breach by any other party (or parties).
 
5.2           Fees and Expenses.  Except as expressly set forth in the 
Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and 
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, 
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, 
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  The 
Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and 
duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the 
Purchasers.
 
5.3           Entire Agreement.  The Transaction Documents, together with 
the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus 
Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements 
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which 
the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and 
schedules.
 
5.4           Notices.  Any and all notices or other communications or 
deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached 
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) 
the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or 
communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth 
on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day 
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the 
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. 
nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt 
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.  The address for 
such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature 
pages attached hereto.
 
 
- 25 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.5           Amendments; Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be 
waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument 
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers 
holding at least 67% in interest of the Shares based on the initial 
Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party 
against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.  No waiver 
of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of 
this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a 
waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, 
condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any 
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of 
any such right.
 
5.6           Headings.  The headings herein are for convenience only, do 
not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof.
 
5.7           Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted 
assigns.  The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser 
(other than by merger).  Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights 
under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or 
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing 
to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions 
of the Transaction Documents that apply to the “Purchasers.”
 
5.8           No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is intended for 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision 
hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in 
Section 4.8.
 
5.9           Governing Law.  All questions concerning the construction, 
validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall 
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal 
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of 
conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings 
concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether 
brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, 
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be 
commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City 
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New 
York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or 
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or 
discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the 
Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to 
assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not 
personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, 
action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such 
proceeding.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of 
process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or 
proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or 
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address 
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such 
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice 
thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  If either 
party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any 
provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the 
obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such 
action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the 
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
 
 
- 26 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.10           Survival.  The representations and warranties contained 
herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.
 
5.11           Execution.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood 
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a 
“.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” 
signature page were an original thereof.
 
5.12           Severability.  If any term, provision, covenant or 
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction 
to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, 
provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in 
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or 
invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable 
efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or 
substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, 
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the 
intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, 
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that 
may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.
 
5.13           Rescission and Withdrawal Right.  Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions 
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser 
exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document 
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the 
periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in 
its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, 
any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without 
prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the 
case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser 
shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such 
rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of 
the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the 
restoration of such Purchaser’s right to acquire such shares pursuant to 
such Purchaser’s Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant 
certificate evidencing such restored right).
 
 
- 27 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.14           Replacement of Securities.  If any certificate or instrument 
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the 
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for 
and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of 
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon 
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, 
theft or destruction.  The applicant for a new certificate or instrument 
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs 
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such 
replacement Securities.
 
5.15           Remedies.  In addition to being entitled to exercise all 
rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, 
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific 
performance under the Transaction Documents.  The parties agree that 
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by 
reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents 
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific 
performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would 
be adequate.
 
5.16           Payment Set Aside.  To the extent that the Company makes a 
payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document 
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such 
payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any 
part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 
5.17           Independent Nature of Purchasers’ Obligations and Rights.  
The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are 
several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no 
Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or 
non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any 
Transaction Document.  Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction 
Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, 
shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an 
association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a 
presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a 
group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by 
the Transaction Documents.  Each Purchaser shall be entitled to 
independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, 
the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction 
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be 
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.  Each 
Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its 
review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents.  For reasons of 
administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel 
have chosen to communicate with the Company through WS.  WS does not 
represent any of the Purchasers and only represents Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, 
the placement agent.  The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers 
with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the 
Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the 
Purchasers.  It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision 
contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is 
between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company 
and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.
 
 
- 28 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.18           [RESERVED]
 
5.19           Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.  If the last or appointed 
day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or 
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken 
or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.
 
5.20           Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or 
their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the 
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to 
the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting 
party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction 
Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference 
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document 
shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock 
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common 
Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.
 
5.21           WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN 
ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES 
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND 
EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.
 

 
(Signature Pages Follow)
 
 
- 29 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 

SOLAR ENERTECH CORP.
Address for Notice:
  	 
  	 
By:  __________________________________________
  Name:
  Title:
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
Fax: 86.21.5899.7388
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
  	 
  	 
Eric Wang
DLA Piper LLP (USA)
2000 University Avenue
East Palo Alto, California 94303
Fax: (650) 687-1205
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]
 
 
- 30 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SOEN SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 
_________________________________
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
_______________________________________________
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: 
________________________________________________
 
Email Address of Authorized 
Signatory:_________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
__________________________________________
 
Address for Notice to Purchaser:
 
 
Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for 
notice):
 
 
Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Warrant Shares: __________________

EIN Number:  [PROVIDE THIS UNDER SEPARATE COVER]

o  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by 
checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the 
securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by 
the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such 
securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions 
to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the third 
(3rd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any 
condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being 
disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or 
the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or 
purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall 
instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed 
(as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the 
like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing 
Date.


[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
 
 
- 31 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------