 EX-10.4 5 w78831a2exv10w4.htm EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION COPY


EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

          This Executive Employment and Severance Agreement (Agreement) 
is entered into as of November 8, 2010 between Deborah Benaim (the 
Executive) and Imperial Holdings, LLC (the Company).

          WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Company in a key 
employee capacity and the Executives services are valuable and integral to 
the conduct of the business of the Company; and

          WHEREAS, the Company intends to convert to a corporation (and 
following such conversion, the term Company when used herein shall refer 
to such corporation), and thereafter intends to sell its common stock to 
the public pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the IPO);

          WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to specify the 
terms and conditions on which the Executive will continue employment on and 
after the date of the IPO, and under which the Executive will receive 
severance in the event that the Executive separates from service with the 
Company;

          WHEREAS, the parties intend that this Agreement shall supersede 
any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the 
parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company, and 
all such agreements shall be void and of no effect as of the effective date 
of this Agreement;

          NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties 
agree as follows:

          1. Effective Date; Term. This Agreement shall become effective on 
the closing date of the Companys IPO. This Agreement shall remain in 
effect until terminated as provided in Section 4. Termination of this 
Agreement will not affect the rights or obligations of the parties 
hereunder arising out of, or relating to, circumstances occurring prior to 
the expiration of this Agreement, which rights and obligations will survive 
the termination of this Agreement and the termination of Executives 
employment with the Company.

          2. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them. Additional defined terms 
are included throughout this Agreement.

     (a) 409A Affiliate shall mean each entity that is required to be 
included in the Companys controlled group of corporations within the 
meaning of Code Section 414(b), or that is under common control with the 
Company within the meaning of Code Section 414(c); provided, however, that 
the phrase at least 50 percent shall be used in place of the phrase at 
least 80 percent each place it appears therein or in the regulations 
thereunder.

     (b) Accrued Benefits shall mean the following amounts, payable as 
described herein: (i) all base salary for the time period ending with the 
date of the
  	  	 
Page 1 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Executives Termination of Employment; (ii) reimbursement for any and all 
monies advanced in connection with the Executives employment for 
reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of 
the Company for the time period ending with the date of the Executives 
Termination of Employment; (iii) except in the event of termination for 
Cause, a pro rata portion (determined by dividing the number of days the 
Executive is employed during the year through the date of termination by 
365) of any annual performance bonus payable with respect to the year in 
which the termination occurs, based on actual performance results; (iv) any 
and all other cash earned and vested through the date of the Executives 
Termination of Employment and deferred at the election of the Executive or 
pursuant to any deferred compensation plan then in effect; and (v) all 
other payments and benefits to which the Executive (or in the event of the 
Executives death, the Executives surviving spouse or other beneficiary) 
is entitled on the date of the Executives Termination of Employment under 
the terms of any benefit plan of the Company, excluding severance payments 
under any Company severance policy, practice or agreement in effect on such 
date. Payment of Accrued Benefits shall be made promptly in accordance with 
the Companys prevailing practice with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) or, 
with respect to clauses (iii), (iv) and (v), pursuant to the terms of the 
benefit plan or practice establishing such benefits.

     (c) Base Salary shall mean the Executives annual base salary from 
the Company as in effect from time to time.

     (d) Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company or a 
committee of such Board authorized to act on its behalf in certain 
circumstances, including the Compensation Committee of the Board.

     (e) Cause shall mean a good faith finding by the Chief Executive 
Officer or the President of the Company that the Executive has done any of 
the following: (i) failed, neglected, or refused to perform the lawful 
employment duties related to his or her position or as from time to time 
assigned to him or her (other than due to Disability); (ii) committed any 
willful, intentional, or negligent act having the effect of materially 
injuring the interest, business, or reputation of the Company; (iii) 
violated or failed to comply in any material respect with the Companys 
published rules, regulations, or policies, as in effect or amended from 
time to time; (iv) committed an act constituting a felony or misdemeanor 
involving moral turpitude, fraud, theft, or dishonesty; (v) misappropriated 
or embezzled any property of the Company (whether or not an act 
constituting a felony or misdemeanor); or (vi) breached any material 
provision of this Agreement or any other applicable confidentiality, 
non-compete, non-solicit, general release, covenant not-to-sue, or other 
agreement with the Company.

     (f) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
interpreted by rules and regulations issued pursuant thereto, all as 
amended and in effect from time to time. Any reference to a specific 
provision of the Code shall be deemed to include reference to any successor 
provision thereto.

     (g) Confidential Information shall mean ideas, information, 
knowledge and discoveries, whether or not patentable, that are not 
generally known in the trade or industry and about which the Executive has 
knowledge as a result of his or her past, present or future participation 
in the business of the Company and/or his or her past,
  	  	 
Page 2 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

present or future employment with or other relationship with the Company, 
including without limitation: products engineering information; marketing, 
sales, distribution, pricing and bid process information; product 
specifications; manufacturing procedures; methods; business plans; 
strategic plans; marketing plans; internal memoranda; formulae; trade 
secrets; know-how; research and development programs and data; inventions; 
improvements; designs; sales methods; customer or prospective customer, 
supplier, sales representative, distributor and licensee lists; mailing 
lists; customer usages and requirements; computer programs; employee 
compensation information; employee performance evaluations and 
employment-related personnel information; and other confidential technical 
or business information and data.

     (h) Competing Organization shall mean any person (including, without 
limitation, the Executive as a sole proprietor) or entity engaged in or 
planning or attempting to become engaged in any business that engages in 
premium finance of life insurance, life settlements or structured 
settlements within the United States of America and/or within 100 miles of 
any offices of the Company or client of the Company.

     (i) Disability shall mean the inability of the Executive to engage 
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment, which can be expected to result in death or 
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 
months..

     (j) Company shall mean the Imperial Holdings, LLC, its subsidiaries, 
its affiliates, its successors, and its parents.

     (k) General Release shall mean a release of all claims that the 
Executive, and anyone who may succeed to any claims of the Executive, has 
or may have against the Company, its board of directors, any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates, or any of their employees, directors, officers, 
employees, agents, plan sponsors, administrators, successors, fiduciaries, 
or attorneys, including but not limited to claims arising out of the 
Executives employment with, and termination of employment from, the 
Company, but excluding claims for (i) severance payments and benefits due 
pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, (ii) Accrued Benefits, and (iii) 
any and all rights the Executive has to be indemnified and held harmless as 
an officer of the Company under law or the Companys charter, bylaws, or 
other governing instruments and related rights as an insured under any 
insurance policies obtained by an Company in connection therewith. The 
General Release shall be in a form that is reasonably acceptable to the 
Company.

     (l) Separation from Service shall mean the Executives Termination 
of Employment, or if the Executive continues to provide services to the 
Company or its 409A Affiliates following his or her Termination of 
Employment, such later date as is considered a separation from service from 
the Company and its 409A Affiliates within the meaning of Code Section 
409A. Specifically, if the Executive continues to provide services to the 
Company or a 409A Affiliate in a capacity other than as an employee, such 
shift in status is not automatically a Separation from Service.

     (m) Severance Period shall mean a period equal to eighteen (18) 
weeks following the Executives Separation from Service. No severance shall 
be available to the Executive unless specifically provided for under this 
Agreement.
  	  	 
Page 3 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (n) Termination of Employment shall be presumed to occur when the 
Company and the Executive reasonably anticipate that no further services 
will be performed by the Executive for the Company and its 409A Affiliates 
or that the level of bona fide services the Executive will perform as an 
employee of the Company and its 409A Affiliates will permanently decrease 
to no more than twenty percent (20%) of the average level of bona fide 
services performed by the Executive (whether as an employee or independent 
contractor) for the Company and its 409A Affiliates over the immediately 
preceding 36-month period (or such lesser period of services). Whether the 
Executive has experienced a Termination of Employment shall be determined 
by the Company in good faith and consistent with Code Section 409A. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive takes a leave of absence 
for purposes of military leave, sick leave or other bona fide reason, the 
Executive will not be deemed to have experienced a Termination of 
Employment for the first six (6) months of the leave of absence, or if 
longer, for so long as the Executives right to reemployment is provided 
either by statute or by contract, including this Agreement; provided that 
if the leave of absence is due to a medically determinable physical or 
mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or last for a 
continuous period of not less than six (6) months, where such impairment 
causes the Executive to be unable to perform the duties of his or her 
position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, 
the leave may be extended by the Company for up to twenty-nine (29) months 
without causing a Termination of Employment.

          3. Employment of the Executive

     (a) Position.

     (i) The Executive shall serve in the position of Senior Vice President 
of the Company in a full-time capacity. In such position, the Executive 
shall have such duties and authority as is customarily associated with such 
position and shall have such other titles and duties, consistent with the 
Executives position, as may be assigned from time to time by the Chief 
Executive Officer or the President of the Company.

     (ii) The Executive will devote the Executives full business time and 
best efforts to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder and 
will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for 
compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the 
rendition of such duties and/or services either directly or indirectly, 
without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer or the 
President of the Company; provided that nothing herein shall preclude the 
Executive, subject to the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer or 
the President of the Company, from accepting appointment to or continue to 
serve on any board of directors or trustees of any business corporation or 
any charitable organization; further provided in each case, and in the 
aggregate, that such activities do not conflict or interfere with the 
performance of the Executives duties and/or services, either directly or 
indirectly, or conflict with Section 7.

     (iii) The Executive warrants and represents to the Company that the 
Executive is not subject to any employment, consulting or services 
agreement, or any restrictive covenants or agreements of any type, which 
would conflict or
  	  	 
Page 4 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

prohibit the Executive from fully carrying out the Executives duties as 
described under the terms of this Agreement.

     (b) Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive a Base Salary at 
the annual rate of $325,000, payable in regular installments in accordance 
with the Companys usual payroll practices. The Executive shall be entitled 
to such increases in the base salary, if any, as may be determined from 
time to time by the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the 
Company. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer and/or the President of 
the Company reserves the right to decrease the Executives Base Salary if 
such decrease applies to all other executives on a uniform basis, or for 
performance issues, as determined in the sole discretion of the Chief 
Executive Officer and/or President of the Company.

     (c) Bonus Incentives. The Executive shall be entitled to participate 
in such annual and/or long-term cash and equity incentive plans and 
programs of the Company as are generally provided to the senior executives 
of the Company as determined by the Board from time to time.

     (d) Employee Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate 
in the Companys employee benefit plans as in effect from time to time on 
the same basis as those benefits are generally made available to other 
salaried employees of the Company.

     (e) Business Expenses. The reasonable business expenses incurred by 
the Executive in the performance of the Executives duties hereunder shall 
be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company policies.

          4. Termination of Employment. The Executives employment with the 
Company will terminate during the term of the Agreement, and this Agreement 
will terminate on the date of such termination, as follows:

     (a) Death. The Executives employment will terminate upon the 
Executives death.

     (b) Disability. If the Executive is Disabled, and if within thirty 
(30) days after the Company notifies the Executive in writing that it 
intends to terminate the Executives employment, the Executive shall not 
have returned to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder on a 
full-time basis, the Company may terminate the Executives employment, 
effective immediately following the end of such thirty-day period.

     (c) By Company. The Company may terminate the Executives employment 
with or without Cause (other than as a result of Disability which is 
governed by subsection (b)) by providing written notice to the Executive 
that indicates in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances alleged to 
provide a basis for such termination. If the termination is without Cause, 
the Executives employment will terminate on the date specified in the 
written notice of termination. If the termination is for Cause, and if the 
conduct or act alleged to provide grounds for the Executives termination 
for Cause is curable, then the Executive shall have thirty (30) days from 
the date the written notice is provided, or such longer period as the 
Company may determine to be appropriate, to cure
  	  	 
Page 5 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

any such conduct or act. If the alleged conduct or act constituting Cause 
is not curable, the Executives employment will immediately terminate on 
the date specified in the written notice of termination. If the alleged 
conduct or act constituting Cause is curable but the Executive does not 
cure such conduct or act within the specified time period, the Executives 
employment will terminate on the date immediately following the end of the 
cure period. Unless otherwise directed by the Company, from and after the 
date of the written notice of proposed termination, the Executive shall be 
immediately relieved of his or her duties and responsibilities and shall be 
considered to be on a paid leave of absence pending any final action by the 
Company confirming such proposed termination.

     (d) By Executive. The Executive may terminate his or her employment 
with the Company by providing written notice of termination to the Company 
at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such termination.

          5. Payments upon Termination.

     (a) Entitlement to Severance. Subject to the other terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, upon the Executives Termination of 
Employment, the Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits, and if 
the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause 
(other than as a result of death or Disability) to the severance payments 
described in subsection 5 (c). If the Executive dies after receiving a 
notice by the Company that the Executive is being terminated without Cause, 
then the Executives estate, heirs and beneficiaries shall be entitled to 
the Accrued Benefits and the severance benefits described in subsection (c) 
at the same time such amounts would have been paid or benefits provided to 
the Executive had he or she lived.

     (b) General Release and Covenant Not to Sue Requirement. As an 
additional prerequisite for receipt of the severance benefits described in 
subsection 5 (c), the Executive must execute, deliver to the Company, and 
not revoke (to the extent the Executive is allowed to do so) a General 
Release and Covenant Not to Sue within forty-five (45) days of the date of 
the Executives Termination of Employment.

     (c) Severance Benefit; Timing and Form of Payment.

     (i) Subject to the limitations imposed by paragraph (ii) hereof and 
Section 5, if the Executive is entitled to receive severance hereunder, 
then the Company shall pay the Executive severance in the form of continued 
payment of the Executives Base Salary for the Severance Period. The 
severance payment(s) shall be paid in accordance with the Companys usual 
payroll practices starting forty-six (46) days following the Executives 
Separation from Service and ending at the end of the Severance Period.

     (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the amount of the severance 
payments to be made to the Executive within the first six months following 
the Executives Separation from Service will exceed two times the lesser of 
(A) the Executives annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of 
pay from the Company for the calendar year preceding the year of the 
Executives Separation from Service (adjusted for any increase during that 
prior year that was expected to continue indefinitely absent a termination 
of employment) and (B) the
  	  	 
Page 6 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

compensation limit in effect under Code Section 401(a)(17) for the calendar 
year in which the Executives Separation from Service occurs, then such 
excess amount shall be delayed and paid on the first day of the seventh 
month following the Executives Separation from Service (without interest 
thereon). This paragraph (ii) shall not apply, however, if on the date of 
the Executives Separation from Service, the Executive is not considered a 
specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A or (ii) the 
Company is not a public company.

     (d) Other Termination of Employment. If the Executives employment 
terminates for any reason other than as described in subsection (a), then 
the Executive (or the Executives estate in the event of his or her death), 
shall be entitled to receive only the Accrued Benefits. Accordingly, and 
without limitation, Executive shall not be entitled to any severance from 
the Company should Executives employment be terminated for Cause.

          6. Limitations on Severance Payment and Other Payments or 
Benefits.

     (a) Limitation on Payments. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement, if any portion of the severance payments or any other payment 
under this Agreement, or under any other agreement with the Executive or 
plan of the Company or its affiliates (in the aggregate, Total Payments), 
would constitute an excess parachute payment and would, but for this 
Section 6, result in the imposition on the Executive of an excise tax under 
Code Section 4999, then the Total Payments to be made to the Executive 
shall be delivered in such amount so that no portion of such Total Payment 
would be subject to the Excise Tax.

     (b) Determination of Limit. Within forty (40) days following a 
termination of employment or notice by one party to the other of its belief 
that there is a payment or benefit due the Executive that will result in an 
excess parachute payment, the Executive and the Company, at the Companys 
expense, shall obtain the opinion (which need not be unqualified) of a 
nationally recognized tax counsel (National Tax Counsel) selected by the 
Company (which may be regular outside counsel to the Company), which 
opinion sets forth (i) the amount of the Base Period Income (as defined 
below), (ii) the amount and present value of the Total Payments, (iii) the 
amount and present value of any excess parachute payments determined 
without regard to any reduction of Total Payments pursuant to subsection 
(a). The opinion of National Tax Counsel shall be addressed to the Company 
and the Executive and shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive. 
If such National Tax Counsel opinion determines that the Total Payment 
should be reduced pursuant to subsection (a), then the Termination Payment 
hereunder or any other payment or benefit determined by such counsel to be 
includable in Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated so that under 
the bases of calculations set forth in such opinion there will be no excess 
parachute payment. In such event, payments or benefits included in the 
Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated by applying the following 
principles, in order: (1) the payment or benefit with the higher ratio of 
the parachute payment value to present economic value (determined using 
reasonable actuarial assumptions) shall be reduced or eliminated before a 
payment or benefit with a lower ratio; (2) the payment or benefit with the 
later possible payment date shall be reduced or eliminated before a payment 
or benefit with an earlier payment date; and (3)
  	  	 
Page 7 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

cash payments shall be reduced prior to non-cash benefits; provided that if 
the foregoing order of reduction or elimination would violate Code Section 
409A, then the reduction shall be made pro rata among the payments or 
benefits included in the Termination Payments (on the basis of the relative 
present value of the parachute payments).

     (c) Definitions and Assumptions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) 
the terms excess parachute payment and parachute payments shall have 
the meanings assigned to them in Code Section 280G and such parachute 
payments shall be valued as provided therein; (ii) present value shall be 
calculated in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(4); (iii) the term Base 
Period Income means an amount equal to the Executives annualized 
includible compensation for the base period as defined in Code Section 
280G(d)(1); and (iv) for purposes of the opinion of National Tax Counsel, 
the value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall 
be determined by the Companys independent auditors in accordance with the 
principles of Code Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4), which determination shall 
be evidenced in a certificate of such auditors addressed to the Company and 
the Executive.

     (d) Reasonableness of Compensation. If such National Tax Counsel so 
requests in connection with the opinion required by this Section 6, the 
Executive and the Company shall obtain, at the Companys expense, and the 
National Tax Counsel may rely on, the advice of a firm of recognized 
executive compensation consultants as to the reasonableness of any item of 
compensation to be received by the Executive solely with respect to its 
status under Code Section 280G.

     (e) Indemnification. The Company agrees to bear all costs associated 
with, and to indemnify and hold harmless, the National Tax Counsel of and 
from any and all claims, damages, and expenses resulting from or relating 
to its determinations pursuant to this Section 6, except for claims, 
damages or expenses resulting from the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of such firm.

     (f) Changes to Code Section. This Section 6 shall be amended to comply 
with any amendment or successor provision to Sections 280G or 4999 of the 
Code. If such provisions are repealed without successor, then this Section 
5 shall be cancelled without further effect.

          7. Covenants by the Executive.

     (a) Confidential Information. All Confidential Information shall be 
deemed to have been received by the Executive as an employee of the 
Company. During the term of Executives employment, Executive will not 
directly or indirectly use or disclose any Confidential Information or 
trade secret (as defined under applicable law) of the Company except in the 
interest and for the benefit of the Company. After the end, for whatever 
reason, of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not 
directly or indirectly use or disclose any Confidential Information or 
trade secret of the Company. Specifically, during Executives employment 
with the Company, and subsequent to Executives separation from the 
Company, for any reason, with or without Cause, the Executive will not 
directly or indirectly (i) disclose any Confidential Information to any 
person or entity, (ii) use any Confidential Information for any purpose, 
(iii) duplicate any Confidential Information for any purpose or (iv) remove 
any
  	  	 
Page 8 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Confidential Information from the facilities or premises of the Company for 
any purpose, except to the extent such action is for the exclusive benefit 
of the Company, as applicable, and as it or they may direct or is necessary 
to fulfill the Executives continuing duties as an employee of or 
consultant to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may 
disclose Confidential Information at such times, in such manner and to the 
extent such disclosure is required by court order or lawful non-collusive 
subpoena, provided that the Executive (x) provides the Company with prior 
thirty (30) day written notice of such disclosure so as to permit the 
affected Company to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy, 
(y) limits such disclosure to what is strictly required and (z) attempts to 
preserve the confidentiality of any such Confidential Information so 
disclosed.

     (b) Return of Property. All memoranda, notes, records, papers, tapes, 
disks, programs or other property of any nature whatsoever and all copies 
thereof relating to the operations or business of the Company, some of 
which may be prepared by the Executive, and all objects associated 
therewith in any way obtained by him or her shall be the sole property of 
the Company. Upon his or her termination of employment, the Executive shall 
deliver to the Company all of the aforementioned documents and objects, if 
any, that may be in his or her possession, and cooperate with the Company 
to destroy and/or delete any electronically stored copies of the 
aforementioned documents and objects, if any, at any time at the request of 
the Company.

     (c) Noncompetition. During the Executives employment with the Company 
and, for a period of twenty-four (24) months after termination thereof, the 
Executive shall not directly or indirectly, without the prior written 
consent of the Board:

     (i) own or control, whether as a shareholder (other than a less than 
five percent (5%) shareholder in a corporation or other entity whose 
securities are traded on a recognized stock exchange or traded on the over 
the counter market), member, partner, director or otherwise, or manage, 
operate, be employed or compensated by, or consult with (whether or not 
compensated), whether as an officer, executive, consultant or otherwise, 
any Competing Organization, in any capacity where the Executives knowledge 
of Confidential Information or involvement with or knowledge of 
relationships with customers of the Company would be useful or beneficial, 
or where the goodwill of the Company would be considered useful or 
beneficial to such Competing Organization or would be affected; or

     (ii) undertake any action, on behalf of any Competing Organization 
relating to the sale or marketing of products or services that compete with 
products or services researched, developed, designed, manufactured, 
assembled, produced, marketed, distributed, sold, repaired or provided by 
the Company, or, to the extent the Executive has or receives notice or 
knowledge of such plans, within the active research, development, expansion 
or business plans of the Company, to any customers or prospective customers 
of the Company which the Executive had knowledge, or with respect to which 
the Executive obtained Confidential Information, or with whom the Executive 
had personal contact or communications in his capacity as an employee of 
the Company, at any time during his period of employment with the Company.
  	  	 
Page 9 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (d) Nonsolicitation of Employees. During the Executives employment 
with the Company and, then for a period of twenty-four (24) months after 
termination thereof, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly, 
without the prior written consent of the Company, solicit, induce or 
otherwise offer employment or engagement as an independent contractor to, 
or engage in discussions regarding employment or engagement as an 
independent contractor with, any person who served as an employee, 
commissioned salesperson or consultant of, or who performed similar 
services for, the Company during the Executives employment with the 
Company prior to or during the Executives period of employment.

     (e) Nonsolicitation of Clients and Vendors. During the Executives 
employment with the Company and, then for a period of twenty-four (24) 
months after termination thereof, the Executive shall not directly or 
indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, solicit, sell 
to, or provide products or services to any client or prospective client of 
the Company. Further, during the Executives employment with the Company 
and, then for a period of twenty-four (24) months after termination 
thereof, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly, without the prior 
written consent of the Company, solicit, purchase from, or obtain products 
or services from any vendor of the Company.

     (f) Remedies Not Exclusive. In the event that the Executive breaches 
any terms of this Section 7, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that 
said breach may result in the immediate and irreparable harm to the 
business and goodwill of the Company and that damages, if any, and remedies 
of law for such breach may be inadequate and indeterminable. The Company, 
upon the Executives breach of this Section 7, shall therefore be entitled 
(in addition to and without limiting any other remedies that the Company 
may seek under this Agreement or otherwise at law or in equity) to (i) seek 
from any court of competent jurisdiction equitable relief by way of 
temporary and/or permanent injunction and without being required to post a 
bond, to restrain any violation of this Section 7, and for such further 
relief as the court may deem just or proper in law or equity, and (ii) in 
the event that the Company shall prevail, its reasonable attorneys fees 
and costs and other expenses in enforcing its rights under this Section 7 
and/or Florida law, including Fla. Stat. 542.335.

     (g) Severability of Provisions. If any restriction, limitation, or 
provision of this Section 7 is deemed to be unreasonable, onerous, or 
unduly restrictive by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall not be 
stricken in its entirety and held totally void and unenforceable, but shall 
remain effective to the maximum extent possible within the bounds of the 
law. If any phrase, clause or provision of this Section 7 is declared 
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such phrase, 
clause, or provision shall be deemed severed from this Section 7, but will 
not affect any other provision of this Section 7, which shall otherwise 
remain in full force and effect. The provisions of this Section 7 are each 
declared to be separate and distinct covenants by the Executive.

          8. Compliance with Code Section 409A.

     (a) The Company and the Executive intend the terms of this Agreement 
to be in compliance with Code Section 409A. The Company does not guarantee 
the tax treatment or tax consequences associated with any payment or 
benefit, including but not
  	  	 
Page 10 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

limited to consequences related to Code Section 409A. To the maximum extent 
permissible, any ambiguous terms of this Agreement shall be interpreted in 
a manner that avoids a violation of Code Section 409A.

     (b) If the Executive believes he or she is entitled to a payment or 
benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement that was not timely paid or 
provided, and such payment or benefit is considered deferred compensation 
subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Executive 
acknowledges that to avoid an additional tax on such payment or benefit 
pursuant to the provisions of Code Section 409A, the Executive must make a 
reasonable, good faith effort to collect such payment or benefit no later 
than ninety (90) days after the latest date upon which the payment could 
have been timely made or benefit timely provided without violating Code 
Section 409A, and if not paid or provided, must take further enforcement 
measures within one hundred eighty (180) days after such latest date.

     (c) Neither the Company nor the Executive, individually or in 
combination, may accelerate any payment or benefit that is subject to Code 
Section 409A, except in compliance with Code Section 409A and the 
provisions of this Agreement, and no amount that is subject to Code Section 
409A shall be paid prior to the earliest date on which it may be paid 
without violating Code Section 409A.

     (d) For purposes of applying the provisions of Section Code 409A to 
this Agreement, each separately identified amount to which the Executive is 
entitled under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In 
addition, to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A, any series of 
installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a 
series of separate payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement 
specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual 
date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole 
discretion of the Company.

          9. Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from 
amounts to be paid to the Executive hereunder any federal, state or local 
withholding or other taxes or charges which it is from time to time 
required to withhold; provided that the amount so withheld shall not exceed 
the minimum amount required to be withheld by law unless otherwise elected 
by the Executive in writing. In addition, if prior to the date of payment 
of the Severance Payment, if any, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act 
(FICA) tax imposed under Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2) of the Code, 
where applicable, becomes due with respect to such payment, the Company may 
provide for an immediate payment of the amount needed to pay the 
Executives portion of such tax (plus an amount equal to the taxes that 
will be due on such amount) and the Executives Severance Payment shall be 
reduced accordingly. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of 
the National Tax Counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of 
any such withholding shall arise.

          10. Notice. Any notice, request, demand or other communication 
required or permitted herein will be deemed to be properly given when 
personally served in writing or when deposited in the United States mail, 
postage prepaid, addressed to the Executive at his or her latest home 
address on file with the Company and to the Company addressed to its 
headquarters with attention to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
and the General Counsel of the Company. Either party may change its address 
by written notice in accordance with this section.
  	  	 
Page 11 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          11. Set Off; Mitigation. The Companys obligation to pay the 
Executive the amounts and to provide the benefits hereunder shall be 
subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment of amounts owed by the 
Executive to the Company. Further, the Executive shall be required to 
mitigate the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement 
by promptly seeking other employment or otherwise.

          12. Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective 
executors, administrators, successors and assigns. If Company sells, 
assigns or transfers all or substantially all of its business and assets to 
any person or if the Company merges into or consolidates or otherwise 
combines (where the Company does not survive such combination) with any 
person (any such event, a Sale of Business), then the Company shall 
assign all of its right, title and interest in this Agreement as of the 
date of such event to such person, and the Company shall cause such person, 
by written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Executive, to expressly assume and agree to perform from and after the date 
of such assignment all of the terms, conditions and provisions imposed by 
this Agreement upon the Company. The assignment of this Agreement to, and 
the Executives employment by, such person shall not constitute a 
termination of employment hereunder. In case of such assignment by the 
Company and of assumption and agreement by such person, as used in this 
Agreement, the Company shall thereafter mean the person which executes 
and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 12 or which 
otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement 
by operation of law, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
be enforceable by, such person. The Executive shall, in his or her 
discretion, be entitled to proceed against any or all of such persons, any 
person which theretofore was such a successor to the Company, and the 
Company (as originally defined herein) in any action to enforce any rights 
of the Executive hereunder. Except as provided in this Section 12, this 
Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company. This Agreement shall not 
be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company.

          13. Survival. The provisions of Sections 5 through 19 shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to 
enforce the rights and obligations described therein.

          14. Applicable Law, Exclusive Venue and Jurisdiction. This 
Agreement is to be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of 
Florida without resort to Floridas choice of law rules. Each party hereby 
agrees that the forum and exclusive venue for any legal or equitable action 
or proceeding arising out of, or in connection with, this Agreement will 
lie in the appropriate federal or state courts in Palm Beach County, 
Florida and specifically waives any and all objections to personal 
jurisdiction and venue.

          15. Captions and Section Headings. Captions and section headings 
used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement 
and will not be used in construing it.

          16. Invalid Provisions. Should any provision of this Agreement 
for any reason be declared invalid, void, or unenforceable by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, the validity and binding effect of any remaining 
portion will not be affected, and the remaining portions of this Agreement 
will remain in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed 
with said provision eliminated.
  	  	 
Page 12 of 13 	  	                     Company Initials                     
Executive Initials

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          17. No Waiver. The failure or delay of the Company to insist upon 
strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be 
considered a waiver of the Companys rights to insist upon strict adherence 
to that term or any other term of this Agreement.

          18. Application of Companys Recoupment Policy. Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, all performance-based compensation 
payments made to Executive hereunder are subject to recoupment by the 
Company pursuant to the recoupment policy approved by the Board, as it may 
be amended from time to time.

          19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement except where other agreements are specifically noted, adopted, or 
incorporated by reference. This Agreement otherwise supersedes any and all 
other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto 
with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company, and all 
such agreements shall be void and of no effect. Each party to this 
Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or 
agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone 
acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied herein, and that no 
other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Agreement will 
be valid or binding.

          20. Modification. This Agreement may not be modified or amended 
by oral agreement, but only by an agreement in writing signed by both the 
Company and the Executive.

          21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the 
signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
EXECUTIVE
  	IMPERIAL HOLDINGS, LLC 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
/s/ Deborah Benaim 
  	/s/ Antony Mitchell  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Signature
  	By 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Deborah Benaim 
  	Antony Mitchell 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Deborah Benaim
  	Name 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
11/8/2010 
  	CEO 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Date
  	Title 	  	 
  	  	 
Page 13 of 13 	  	 

 