 EX-10.2 2 f57328exv10w2.htm EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

[(AVIAT LOGO)]


August l, 2010

Charles D. Kissner
27778 Stirrup Way
Los Altos Hills, CA 94022


Employment Agreement

Dear Chuck:

     This letter agreement sets forth the terms of your employment with 
Aviat Networks, Inc. (the Company), as well as our understanding with 
respect to any termination of that employment relationship. This Agreement 
amends and restates, effective on the date hereof, the Employment Agreement 
dated June 28, 2010 between the Company and you.

     1. Position and Duties. You will be employed by the Company as its 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, reporting to the Companys Board of 
Directors (Board). This position will be based at our corporate 
headquarters in Santa Clara, California. You accept employment with the 
Company on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and you 
agree to devote your full business time, energy and skill to your duties at 
the Company. Your primary responsibilities will be to assume the top 
leadership of the Company, direct the organization to ensure the attainment 
of revenue and profit goals, drive optimal return on invested capital and 
grow shareholder value, subject to the oversight and supervision of the 
Board. Your current positions as a director of the Company and Chairman of 
the Board will not be affected by your employment hereunder, except that 
your compensation under this Agreement will be in lieu of any compensation 
as a director accruing after your start date. It is understood that the 
Company will appoint a lead independent director, who will preside over 
outside-director-only portions of Board meetings.

     2. Term of Employment. Your employment with the Company is for no 
specified term, and may be terminated by you or the Company at any time, 
with or without cause, subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 4 and 5 
below.

     3. Compensation. You will be compensated by the Company for your 
services as follows:

          (a) Salary: You will be paid a monthly base salary of $57,917 
($695,000 per year), less applicable withholding, in accordance with the 
Companys normal payroll procedures. In conjunction with your annual 
performance review, which will occur at or about the start of

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 2

each fiscal year (currently July 1st), your base salary will be reviewed by 
the Board, and may be subject to adjustment by the Board based upon various 
factors including, but not limited to, your performance and the Companys 
profitability. Your base salary will not be reduced except as part of a 
salary reduction program that similarly affects all members of the 
executive staff reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

          (b) Annual Incentive Plan: Starting with FY 2011, you will be 
eligible to participate in the Companys Annual Incentive Plan, with a 
target annual bonus of 100% of your annual base salary. The Annual 
Incentive Plan will be paid (if minimum targets are met) in the calendar 
year in which the relevant fiscal year ends, promptly after the completion 
of each fiscal years audit.

          (c) Long-Term Incentive Program: Starting with FY 2011, you will 
be eligible to participate in the Companys Long-Term Incentive Program as 
defined by the Board. The GAAP value of your initial award, as determined 
by the Board in its reasonable discretion, will be $1,400,000. The expected 
structure is (i) one-third of such value will be represented by options 
with a 3-year vesting period (50%/25%/25%), (ii) one-third of such value 
will be represented by performance shares subject to vesting based on 
achievement of Company financial performance criteria for the three-year 
period ending at the end of FY 2013, and (iii) one-third of such value will 
be represented by restricted stock with a 3-year vesting period 
(33⅓%/33⅓%/33⅓%). The structure for future periods is subject to 
determination by the Board.

          (d) Benefits: You will have the right, on the same basis as other 
employees of the Company, to participate in and to receive benefits under 
any Company group medical, dental, life, disability or other group 
insurance plans, as well as under the Companys business expense and travel 
reimbursement, educational assistance, holiday, and other benefit plans and 
policies. You will also be eligible to participate in the Companys 401(k) 
plan.

          (e) Vacation: Commencing on your start date, you will accrue paid 
vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy at the rate of 5 
weeks per year. However, the number of accrued vacation hours at any one 
time shall not exceed 160 hours.

     4. Voluntary Termination. In the event that you voluntarily resign 
from your employment with the Company (other than for Good Reason as 
defined below), you will be entitled to no compensation or benefits from 
the Company other than those earned under Paragraph 3 through the date of 
your termination. (For purposes of this Agreement, no part of (i) the 
Annual Incentive Plan for the year in which your termination occurs, (ii) 
the performance shares of the multi-year period in which your termination 
occurs or (iii) unvested options or restricted shares will be deemed 
earned.) You agree that if you voluntarily terminate your employment with 
the Company for any reason, you will provide the Company with at least 10 
business days written notice of your resignation. The Company shall have 
the option, in its sole discretion, to make your resignation effective at 
any time prior to the end of such notice period, provided the Company pays 
you an amount equal to the base salary you would have earned through the 
end of the notice period.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 3

     5. Other Termination. Your employment may also be terminated under the 
circumstances set forth below.

          (a) Termination for Cause: The Company may terminate your 
employment at any time for cause (as described below). If your employment 
is terminated by the Company for cause, you shall be entitled to no 
compensation or benefits from the Company other than those earned under 
Paragraph 3 through the date of your termination. For purposes of this 
Agreement, a termination for cause occurs if you are terminated for any 
of the following reasons: (i) any act of misconduct or dishonesty by you in 
the performance of your duties under this Agreement; (ii) any willful 
failure by you to attend to your duties under this Agreement; (iii) any 
material breach of this Agreement; provided, however, that for any alleged 
failure or breach under sub-sections (ii) or (iii) above, the Board first 
provides you written notice setting forth with reasonable specificity the 
reasons that the Board believes you have committed such alleged failure or 
breach, and provides you thirty (30) days to cure such alleged failure or 
breach; (iv) your conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) 
any felony or misdemeanor involving theft, embezzlement, dishonesty or 
moral turpitude; or (v) any misconduct resulting in material harm to the 
Companys business or reputation.

          (b) Termination Without Cause or Upon Death or Disability: The 
Company may terminate your employment without cause at any time. If your 
employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by reason of death 
or any physical or mental incapacity which has prevented and/or will 
prevent you from performing your then-current duties under this Agreement 
for more than three consecutive months, and you (or your estate or personal 
representative, as applicable) sign a general release of known and unknown 
claims in a form satisfactory to the Company within sixty (60) days of the 
termination of your employment (or such shorter period as is necessary to 
comply with the following clause), which must be valid and enforceable no 
later than the ninetieth (90th) day after your termination, and you fully 
comply with your obligations under Paragraphs 6, 7 and 9 below, you (or 
your estate or personal representative, as applicable) will receive the 
following severance benefits:

               (i) all compensation and benefits under Paragraph 3 above 
that is earned but unpaid through the date of termination, to be paid as 
and when otherwise due;

               (ii) severance payments at your final base salary rate for a 
period (the Severance Period) starting on the date of your termination 
and ending on the later of (i) the 1st anniversary of the date your 
termination and (ii) June 28, 2012; such payments will be subject to 
applicable withholding and made monthly commencing as of the effective date 
of your release; provided that any payment otherwise due under this clause 
(ii) prior to the 90th day after your termination shall instead be paid, 
without interest, on such 90th day;

               (iii) payment of the premiums necessary to continue your 
group health insurance under COBRA (or to purchase other comparable health 
insurance coverage on an individual basis if you are no longer eligible for 
COBRA coverage) until the earlier of (x) the end of the Severance Period; 
or (y) the date you first became eligible to participate in another 
employers group health insurance plan;

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 4

               (iv) the prorated portion of any Annual Incentive Plan bonus 
that you would have earned, if any, during the Annual Incentive Plan period 
in which your employment terminates (the pro-ration shall be equal to the 
percentage of that bonus period that you are actually employed by the 
Company). Your Annual Incentive Plan bonus, on which the proration will be 
based, shall be computed in a manner consistent with the computation of 
bonuses for other senior level executives, and the prorated bonus will be 
payable at the time that such Annual Incentive Plan bonuses, if any, are 
paid to continuing Company employees; and

               (v) with respect to any stock options or time-vesting 
restricted shares granted to you by the Company, you will cease vesting 
upon your termination date; however, for options granted subsequent to the 
date of this Agreement, you will be entitled to purchase any vested shares 
of stock that are subject to those options until the earlier of (x) twelve 
(12) months following your termination date, or (y) the date on which the 
applicable option(s) expire(s). Notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Paragraph 5(b)(v), the Board may in its sole discretion provide for 
additional vesting of restricted shares, options and/or performance shares 
upon termination under this Paragraph 5(b).

You will not be required to mitigate the severance payments and benefits 
described in Paragraphs 5(b)(ii)  (v) above by seeking employment or 
otherwise, and there shall be no offset against amounts due you under 
Paragraphs 5(b)(ii)  (v) on account of your subsequent employment (except 
as provided in Paragraph 5(b)(iii) above and in Paragraph 7(c) below). 
Except as expressly set forth in this Paragraph 5(b), your Company stock 
options, restricted shares and performance shares will continue to be 
subject to and governed by the Companys 2007 Stock Equity Plan (the 
Plan) and the applicable stock option, restricted stock and performance 
share agreements between you and the Company. Nothing in this Paragraph 
5(b) shall affect your rights under any applicable Company disability plan; 
provided, however, that your severance payments will be offset by any 
disability income payments received by you so that the total monthly 
severance and disability income payments during your severance period shall 
not exceed your then-current base salary.

          (c) Resignation for Good Reason: If you resign from your 
employment with the Company for Good Reason (as defined in this Paragraph 
5(c)), and you sign a general release of known and unknown claims in a form 
satisfactory to the Company within sixty (60) days of the termination of 
your employment (or such shorter period as is necessary to comply with the 
following clause) which becomes valid and enforceable no later than the 
ninetieth (90th) day after your termination, and you fully comply with your 
obligations under Paragraphs 6, 7 and 9 below, you shall receive the 
severance benefits described in Paragraph 5(b) above. For purposes of this 
Paragraph 5(c), Good Reason means any of the following conditions, which 
condition(s) remain in effect 30 days after written notice from you to the 
Board of said condition(s):

               (i) a material reduction in your then-current base salary or 
annual target bonus (expressed as a percentage of your then-current base 
salary), without your written consent expressly waiving the benefits of 
this paragraph 5(c); or

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 5

               (ii) a material reduction in your employee benefits taken as 
a whole without your written consent expressly waiving the benefits of this 
paragraph 5(c); or

               (iii) a material reduction in your responsibilities without 
your written consent expressly waiving the benefits of this paragraph 5(c); 
or

               (iv) a material breach by the Company of any material 
provision of this Agreement; or

               (v) a requirement that you relocate your Company office to a 
location more than thirty-five (35) miles from your then-current Company 
office location without your written consent expressly waiving the benefits 
of this paragraph 5(c).

The foregoing condition(s) shall not constitute Good Reason if you do not 
provide the Board with the written notice described above within 45 days 
after you first become aware of the condition(s).

     6. Confidential and Proprietary Information: As a condition of your 
employment, you agree to sign and abide by the Companys standard form of 
Invention, Authorship, Proprietary and Confidential Information Agreement.

     7. Termination Obligations.

          (a) You agree that all property, including, without limitation, 
all equipment, proprietary information, documents, books, records, reports, 
notes, contracts, lists, computer disks (and other computer-generated files 
and data), and copies thereof, created on any medium and furnished to, 
obtained by, or prepared by you in the course of or incident to your 
employment, belongs to the Company and shall be returned to the Company 
promptly upon any termination of your employment.

          (b) Upon your termination for any reason, and as a condition of 
your receipt of any severance benefits hereunder, you will promptly resign 
in writing from all offices and directorships then held with the Company or 
any affiliate of the Company.

          (c) Following the termination of your employment with the Company 
for any reason, you shall fully cooperate with the Company in all matters 
relating to the winding up of pending work on behalf of the Company and the 
orderly transfer of work to other employees of the Company. You shall also 
cooperate in the defense of any action brought by any third party against 
the Company. The Company shall pay you for your time incurred to comply 
with this provision at a reasonable per diem or per hour rate.

     8. Limitation of Payments and Benefits.

          To the extent that any of the payments and benefits provided for 
in this Agreement or otherwise payable to you (the Payments) constitute 
parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the amount of such Payments 
shall be either:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 6

          (a) the full amount of the Payments, or

          (b) a reduced amount that would result in no portion of the 
Payments being subject to the excise tax imposed pursuant to Section 4999 
of the Code (the Excise Tax),

whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable 
federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the 
receipt by you, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefit. 
In the event that any Excise Tax is imposed on the Payments, you will be 
fully responsible for the payment of any and all Excise Tax, and the 
Company will not be obligated to pay all or any portion of any Excise Tax.

     9. Other Activities.

          (a) In order to protect the Companys valuable proprietary 
information, you agree that during your employment and for the period, if 
any, during which severance payments at your final base salary rate are 
payable under Paragraph 5(b) or 5(c) above, you will not, as a compensated 
or uncompensated officer, director, consultant, advisor, partner, joint 
venturer, investor, independent contractor, employee, for your own account 
or otherwise, provide to any person or entity in competition with the 
Company any labor, services, advice or assistance regarding the design, 
manufacture, distribution (directly or indirectly) or integration of any 
digital microwave products substantially similar to then-current Company 
products in form, fit, or function and used in terrestrial microwave 
point-to-point telecommunications networks anywhere in the world.

          (b) You agree that for a period of eighteen (18) months following 
the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason, you 
will not, as a compensated or uncompensated officer, director, consultant, 
advisor, partner, joint venturer, investor, independent contractor, 
employee, for your own account or otherwise, solicit any individual who is, 
or within six (6) months prior to the time of solicitation was, an employee 
of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to leave his or her 
employment with the Company or any subsidiary of the Company.

          (c) You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions contained in 
this Paragraph 9 are reasonable and necessary, as there is a significant 
risk that your provision of labor, services, advice or assistance to any of 
those competitors could result in the disclosure of the Companys 
proprietary information. You further acknowledge and agree that the 
restrictions contained in this Paragraph 9 will not preclude you from 
engaging in any trade, business or profession that you are qualified to 
engage in. In the event of your breach of this Paragraph 9, the Company 
shall not be obligated to provide you with any further severance payments 
or benefits subsequent to such breach.

     10. Dispute Resolution. The parties agree that any dispute arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement, the parties employment relationship or 
the termination of that relationship for any reason, shall settled by 
arbitration before a single arbitrator in the area of the Companys 
headquarters in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration 
Association. The arbitrators decision will be final and binding on the 
Company and you. If the Company and you

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 7

cannot agree on the arbitrator within thirty (30) days after either partys 
request for arbitration, the arbitrator will be selected by, or in 
accordance with a procedure established by, the senior officer of the 
office of the American Arbitration Association nearest the Companys 
headquarters. The prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement from 
the non-prevailing party for the prevailing partys reasonable fees and 
expenses of the prevailing partys counsel, and the non-prevailing party 
will bear the cost of the non-prevailing partys counsel, in connection 
with any such dispute. The Company shall bear all filing fees and costs of 
the American Arbitration Association and the fees and expenses of the 
arbitrator. Notwithstanding this Paragraph 10, the Company may bring an 
action for injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.

     11. Compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. This 
Agreement is intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from Section 
409A of the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, Section 409A). However, the Company has not made and is 
making no representation to you relating to the tax treatment of any 
payment pursuant to this Agreement under Section 409A and the corresponding 
provisions of any applicable State income tax laws.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any 
payments or benefits due hereunder upon a termination of employment which 
are a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall 
only be payable or provided to you upon a separation from service as 
defined for purposes of Section 409A. In addition, if you are a specified 
employee as determined pursuant to Section 409A as of the date of your 
separation from service, as so defined, and if any payments or entitlements 
provided for in this Agreement constitute a deferral of compensation 
within the meaning of Section 409A and cannot be paid or provided in the 
manner provided herein without subjecting you to additional tax, interest 
or penalties under Section 409A, then any such payment or entitlement which 
is otherwise payable during the first six months following your separation 
from service shall be paid or provided to you in a lump sum on the earlier 
of (i) the first business day of the seventh calendar month immediately 
following the month in which your separation from service occurs and (ii) 
the date of your death. To the extent required to satisfy the provisions of 
the foregoing sentence with respect to any benefit to be provided in-kind, 
the Company shall bill you, and you shall promptly pay, the value for tax 
purposes of any such benefit and the Company shall therefore promptly 
refund the amount so paid by you as soon as allowed by the foregoing 
sentence.

     For purposes of Section 409A, the right to a series of installment 
payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of 
separate payments. With respect to any reimbursement of your expenses, or 
any provision of in-kind benefits to you, as specified under this 
Agreement, such reimbursement of expenses or provision of in-kind benefits 
shall be subject to the following conditions: (1) the expenses eligible for 
reimbursement or the amount of in-kind benefits provided in one taxable 
year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount 
of in-kind benefits provided in any other taxable year, except for any 
medical reimbursement arrangement providing for the reimbursement of 
expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Code; (2) the reimbursement 
of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the end of the year 
after the year in which such expense was incurred; and (3) the right to

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 8

reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or 
exchange for another benefit.

     12. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified so as 
to make it valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity, legality and 
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in 
any way be affected.

     13. Applicable Withholding. All salary, bonus, severance and other 
payments identified in this Agreement are subject to applicable withholding 
by the Company.

     14. Assignment. In view of the personal nature of the services to be 
performed under this Agreement by you, you cannot assign or transfer any of 
your obligations under this Agreement.

     15. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the agreements referred to 
above constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding 
the terms and conditions of your employment, and they supersede all prior 
negotiations, representations or agreements between you and the Company 
regarding your employment, whether written or oral. This Agreement sets 
forth our entire agreement regarding the Companys obligation to provide 
you with severance benefits upon any termination of your employment, and 
you shall not be entitled to receive any other severance benefits from the 
Company pursuant to any Company severance plan, policy or practice.

     16. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the law of the state of California, without reference to 
principles of conflicts of laws.

     17. Modification. This Agreement may only be modified or amended by a 
supplemental written agreement signed by you and an authorized 
representative of the Board.

     18. Legal Fees. The Company will reimburse you for the reasonable fees 
and expenses of your attorney in connection with the negotiation of this 
Agreement, up to a maximum of $7,000 unless otherwise agreed in writing by 
the Chairman of the Companys Compensation Committee, within thirty (30) 
days after your start date, subject to the Companys expense reimbursement 
policies and procedures.

     19. Indemnification, Advancement, Insurance. You will be entitled to 
indemnification and advancement in accordance with the Companys bylaws as 
currently in effect. The Company will provide reasonable directors and 
officers insurance coverage for its directors and officers, including you.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Charles D. Kissner
Page 9

     Please sign and date this letter on the spaces provided below to 
acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement.

Sincerely,
  	  	  	  	 
Aviat Networks, Inc.
  	 
By:   	/s/ Thomas L. Cronan III   	 
  	Name:   	Thomas L. Cronan III  	 
  	Title:   	Sr. VP & CFO  	 
 

     I agree to and accept employment with Aviat Networks, Inc. on the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
  	  	  	  	 
  	 
/s/ Charles D. Kissner   	 
Charles D. Kissner  	 
  	 
 

 