 EX-10.1 2 c61194exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

Loan Number: 275704497


CHANGE IN TERMS AGREEMENT

     THIS CHANGE IN TERMS AGREEMENT (Agreement) is dated as of the 28th 
day of October, 2010 and is executed by and among LAKES ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 
(Borrower), LYLE BERMAN (the Guarantor) and CENTENNIAL BANK, f/k/a 
First State Bank (Lender).

     WHEREAS, Borrower executed and delivered to Lender on or about October 
28, 2008 that certain $8,000,000.00 Secured Line of Credit Promissory Note 
(the Promissory Note) and pledged certain collateral more particularly 
described therein and Borrower and Guarantor collectively delivered that 
certain Unconditional Guaranty and other documents related to the 
foregoing, referenced in the foregoing or otherwise applicable to the 
subject transaction (said documents along with the Promissory Note being 
collectively referred to herein as the Loan Documents);

     WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lender modify and amend 
the maturity date that is applicable to the Promissory Note and the Loan 
Documents, and the Lender is willing to accommodate the Borrower;

     NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and 
conditions that are referenced and exchanged herein, and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound 
hereby, covenant and agree as follows:

     1. Amendment of Maturity Date. The definition of Maturity Date set 
forth in the Promissory Note is hereby modified and amended to mean 
October 28, 2012.

     2. General Amendment. In addition, all other provisions of the Loan 
Documents are hereby modified and amended so as to be consistent with the 
amendments set forth herein.

     3. Ratification and Reaffirmation of Debt. Borrower and Guarantor do 
hereby certify, represent, warrant and affirm to Lender the following, it 
being understood that such certifications and representations constitute 
and comprise material assurances upon which Lender is basing its decision 
to provide the accommodations referenced herein:

     a. Borrower and Guarantor hereby ratify and reaffirm all of Borrowers 
and Guarantors financial and other obligations of every nature that are 
set forth and contained in the Loan Documents;

     b. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that all Loan 
Documents are legal, valid and binding financial obligations that are 
enforceable against Borrower and Guarantor, as applicable, in accordance 
with their terms;

     c. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that as of the date of 
this Agreement, the principal balance outstanding under the Loan Document 
is $0 and that the Borrower has $8,000,000 of credit available pursuant 
thereto;

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Loan Number: 275704497

     d. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that with respect to 
any amounts advanced under the Loan Documents as of the date of this 
Agreement, they have no defenses to their payment and performance 
obligations that are set forth in the Loan Documents and that Borrowers 
and/or Guarantors default under the Loan Documents will entitle Lender to 
receive, without contest by Borrower or Guarantor, a judgment against 
Borrower and/or Guarantor and the right to foreclose, without contest by 
Borrower or Guarantor, its liens that are contained in the Loan Documents;

     e. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that with respect to 
any amounts advanced under the Loan Documents as of the date of this 
Agreement, they possess no claims, counterclaims or offset rights of any 
nature, including any that would prohibit the Lender from enforcing its 
rights and remedies under the Loan Documents and to the extent such claims 
may exist, Borrower and Guarantor hereby waive them in their entirety;

     f. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that the Lender has 
fully performed all of its obligations as set forth in the Loan Documents;

     g. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that the priority of 
the liens created by the mortgage and the other Loan Documents in favor of 
the Lender to secure the performance of Borrowers obligations under the 
Loan Documents shall not be disturbed or lost by the execution and 
performance of this Agreement; and

     h. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that (i) Lender has 
not represented (either by express agreement, course of performance or 
otherwise) that it will agree to further modifications or amendments to the 
Loan, including without limitation, renewals, extensions, rate reductions 
or changes in the repayment schedule; (ii) Lender has no obligation to make 
such further modifications or amendments; and (iii) in the formulation and 
execution of their business plan, Borrower and Guarantor are not relying on 
the Lender agreeing to such modifications or amendments.

     i. Borrower and Guarantor agree and acknowledge that the original 
interest rate on and applicable to the Loan Documents is 8.95% and that the 
Loan Documents shall continue to accrue interest at that rate in accordance 
with the provisions set forth therein.

     4. Miscellaneous. This Agreement and the Loan Documents constitute the 
entire understanding and agreement between the undersigned parties with 
respect to the transactions arising in connection with the Loan and 
supersede all prior written or oral understandings and agreements between 
the undersigned parties in connection therewith and except for the 
modification specifically set forth herein the Loan Documents shall remain 
in full force and effect. Neither this Agreement, nor the Loan Documents 
may be orally modified but may be amended only by written agreements 
executed by the original parties to said documents. Jurisdiction and venue 
associated with the enforcement of Lenders rights and remedies hereunder 
and pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be vested solely and exclusively 
in an

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Loan Number: 275704497

appropriate court of competent jurisdiction located in Faulkner County, 
Arkansas. Borrower waives Borrowers right to a jury trial of any issues 
arising in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement or the Loan 
Documents. It is expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement may be 
executed in multiple counterparts and with multiple signature pages and 
that all signature pages, when attached to and assembled with this 
document, shall constitute and comprise a single document that is 
enforceable against all parties on all signature pages in accordance with 
this Agreements terms.


[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank;
Signatures To Follow]

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Loan Number: 275704497


[Signatures to Change in Terms Agreement]

     THIS CHANGE IN TERMS AGREEMENT has been executed as of the date set 
forth in the preface.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BORROWER
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Lakes Entertainment, Inc.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Timothy J. Cope
 
 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	President
 
 
 
  	GUARANTOR
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	/s/ Lyle Berman
  	  	   
  	  	Lyle Berman
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	LENDER
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Centennial Bank
  	  	f/k/a First State Bank
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Greg Sanson
 
 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Chief Lending Officer
 
 

4