 EX-10.2 3 y87496exv10w2.htm EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2


TDS INVESTOR (CAYMAN) L.P.

Fifth Amended and Restated 2006 Interest Plan

     SECTION 1. Purpose. The purposes of this TDS Investor L.P. Fifth 
Amended and Restated 2006 Interest Plan (this Plan) are to promote the 
interests of TDS Investor L.P. (the Company") and its partners by (i) 
attracting and retaining exceptional officers and other employees, 
non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
and (ii) enabling such individuals to acquire an equity interest in and 
participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Company.

     SECTION 2. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Plan but not 
expressly defined in this Plan shall have the respective meanings ascribed 
such terms in the Partnership Agreement (as defined below). As used in this 
Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

     Award shall mean the grant of the right to purchase and/or acquire 
Restricted Equity Units or Class A-2 Interests.

     Award Agreement shall mean any written agreement, contract, or other 
instrument or document (which may include provisions of an employment 
agreement to which the Company is a party) evidencing any Award granted 
hereunder.

     Company has the meaning specified in the Section 1 hereof.

     Effective Date shall mean October 13, 2006, which is the date on 
which this Plan was initially adopted by the Board.

     Participant shall mean any officer or other employee, non-employee 
director or consultant of the Company or its Subsidiaries eligible for an 
Award under Section 4 and selected by the Board to receive an Award under 
this Plan.

     Partnership Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Agreement 
of Exempted Limited Partnership, dated as of October 13, 2006, as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time.

     Plan has the meaning specified in the Section 1 hereof.

     Subsidiary shall mean (i) any entity that, directly or indirectly, 
is controlled by the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a 
significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Board; 
provided, however, that for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the definition of Subsidiary shall be 
construed in a manner consistent with such Section 409A so as to avoid the 
imposition of any additional tax under such section.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

2

     Stock Incentive Plan means the 2006 TDS Investor 3 Ltd. Stock 
Incentive Plan to be adopted by TDS Investor 3 Ltd.

     SECTION 3. Interests Subject to this Plan. The total number of 
Interests that may be issued pursuant to Awards under this Plan is 
164,590,759, allocated among the classes of Interests as follows:

     (a) 39,582,103 purchased or granted Class A-2 Interests (other than 
pursuant to Restricted Equity Units, but including all Class A-2 Interests 
issued in exchange for the redemption of previously granted Awards of Class 
B Interests, Class B-1 Interests, Class C Interests, Class C-1 Interests 
and Class D Interests of the Partnership); and

     (b) 125,008,656 Class A-2 Interests pursuant to Restricted Equity 
Units.

Interests which are subject to Awards which terminate or lapse without any 
payment in respect thereof may be granted again under this Plan. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3, the number of 
Interests that may be issued under this Plan shall be reduced on a 
one-for-one basis in respect of each share subject to a stock-based award 
made under the Stock Incentive Plan.

     SECTION 4. Administration.

     (a) This Plan shall be administered by the Board. Subject to the terms 
of this Plan and applicable law, and in addition to other express powers 
and authorizations conferred on the Board by this Plan, the Board shall 
have full power and authority to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) 
determine the number and/or class of Interests to be covered by an Award; 
(iii) determine the terms and conditions of any Award; (iv) determine 
whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be 
settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; (v) interpret, 
administer, reconcile any inconsistency, correct any default and/or supply 
any omission in this Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to an 
Award made under this Plan; (vi) establish, amend, suspend, or waive such 
rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it shall deem appropriate 
for the proper administration of this Plan; and (vii) make any other 
determination and take any other action that the Board deems necessary or 
desirable for the administration of this Plan.

     (b) All designations, determinations, interpretations, and other 
decisions under or with respect to this Plan or any Award shall be within 
the sole discretion of the Board, may be made at any time and shall be 
final, conclusive, and binding upon all persons, including the Company, any 
Subsidiary, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award, and 
any member of the Company.

     SECTION 5. Eligibility. Any officer or other employee, non-employee 
director or consultant to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including 
any prospective officer, employee, non-employee director or consultant) 
shall be eligible to be designated a Participant.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

3

     SECTION 6. Awards.

     (a) Grant. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Board shall 
have sole and complete authority to determine the Participants to whom 
Awards shall be granted, the purchase price, if any, of an Award, the 
number and class or classes of Interests to be covered by each Award and 
the conditions and restrictions applicable to the Award.

     (b) Subject to Partnership Agreement/Securityholders Agreement. As a 
condition to the grant of an Award, the Participant will be required to 
become a party to an award agreement (the Award Agreement) and, upon 
receipt of Interests, the Partnership Agreement. All Awards granted 
hereunder and acquired Interests will be held subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Partnership Agreement and the Award Agreement.

     (c) Adjustments. Notwithstanding any other provisions in the 
Partnership Agreement to the contrary, in the event of any change in the 
outstanding Interests after the Effective Date by reason of any equity 
dividend or split, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, 
spin-off, combination, combination or transaction or exchange of Interests 
or other corporate exchange, or any distribution to Partners of equity or 
cash (other than regular cash distributions) or any transaction similar to 
the foregoing (regardless of whether outstanding Interests are changed), 
the Board in its sole discretion and without liability to any Person shall 
make such substitution or adjustment, if any, as it deems to be equitable, 
as to (i) the number or kind of Interests or other securities issued or 
reserved for issuance in respect of Restricted Equity Units, (ii) the 
vesting terms under any Award Agreement, (iii) the distribution priorities 
contained in the Partnership Agreement and/or (iv) any other affected terms 
of any Award.

     SECTION 7. Amendment and Termination.

     (a) Amendments to this Plan. The Board may amend, alter, suspend, 
discontinue, or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof at any time; 
provided that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, 
or termination that would be reasonably expected to have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of any Participant or other holder of an Award 
theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the 
consent of the affected Participant.

     (b) Amendments to Awards. The Board may waive any conditions or rights 
under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or 
terminate, any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively; 
provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuance, cancellation or termination not expressly contemplated by 
this Plan that would be reasonably expected to have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of any outstanding Award shall not effective without 
the consent of the affected Participant.

     SECTION 8. General Provisions.

     (a) No Rights to Awards. No person shall have any claim to be granted 
any Award, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of 
Participants or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards 
and the Boards determinations and interpretations

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

4

with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant 
(whether or not such Participants are similarly situated).

     (b) Certificates. All certificates, if any, evidencing Interests or 
other securities of the Company or any Subsidiary delivered under this Plan 
shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the 
Board may deem advisable under this Plan or the rules, regulations, and 
other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock 
exchange upon which such securities are then listed, and any applicable 
Federal or state laws, and the Board may cause a legend or legends to be 
put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such 
restrictions.

     (c) Withholding. A Participant may be required to pay to the Company 
or any Subsidiary and the Company or any Subsidiary shall have the right 
and is hereby authorized to withhold from any payment due or transfer made 
under any Award or under this Plan or from any compensation or other amount 
owing to a Participant the amount (in cash, securities, or other property) 
of any applicable withholding taxes in respect of an Award or any payment 
or transfer under an Award or under this Plan and to take such other action 
as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all 
obligations for the payment of such taxes.

     (d) No Right to Employment. The grant of an Award shall not be 
construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ 
of, or in any consulting relationship with, the Company or any Subsidiary. 
Further, the Company or a Subsidiary may at any time dismiss a Participant 
from employment or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any 
liability or any claim under this Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided 
in this Plan or in any Award Agreement.

     (e) Governing Law. The validity, construction, and effect of this Plan 
shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of New York 
applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein.

     (f) Severability. If any provision of this Plan or any Award is or 
becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction or as to any person or Award, or would disqualify this Plan or 
any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Board, such provision 
shall be construed or deemed amended to conform the applicable laws, or if 
it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of 
the Board, materially altering the intent of this Plan or the Award, such 
provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award and 
the remainder of this Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force 
and effect.

     SECTION 9. Term of this Plan.

     (a) Effective Date. This Plan shall be effective as of the Effective 
Date.

     (b) Expiration Date. No Award shall be granted under this Plan after 
the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. Unless otherwise expressly 
provided in this Plan or in an applicable Award Agreement, any Award 
granted hereunder may, and the authority of the Board

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

5

to amend, alter, adjust, suspend, discontinue, or terminate any such Award 
or to waive any conditions or rights under any such Award shall, continue 
after such date.

 