 EX-10.3 4 v57295exv10w3.htm EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3


GROUP LONG TERM DISABILITY REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is between SAFECO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY of Seattle, 
Washington (hereinafter Insurer) and DUNCANSON & HOLT SERVICES, INC., a 
Maine corporation, as Managing Agent (hereinafter Managing Agent) for 
each of the participating reinsurers collectively referred to in this 
Agreement as the American Disability Reinsurance Underwriters Syndicate 
(ADRUS) and listed in Appendix A (hereinafter Reinsurer).

The Managing Agent represents and warrants that the Reinsurer has 
authorised the Managing Agent to enter into, execute and deliver agreements 
of this sort on its behalf and to exercise all of its rights and platform 
all of its obligations under such agreements of its behalf, including but 
not limited to, underwriting of policies, collection of premiums, and 
management of claims in accordance with the terms of such agreements. All 
performances required by and for the Reinsurer under this Agreement shall 
be conducted through the Managing Agent.

In consideration of the mutual promises set forth below, the parties agree 
as follows:


ARTICLE I. GENERAL PROVISIONS

The effective, date of this Agreement is January 1, 1999. On and after this 
date, one hundred percent (100%) (hereinafter referred to as the Reinsured 
Percentage) of the Insurers liability (hereinafter referred to as 
Underlying Risk) for the group long term disability insurance policies 
written on or after January 1,1999 will be ceded to and reinsured by the 
Reinsurer.

This Agreement replaces and supersedes Group Long Term Disability Monthly 
Income Reinsurance Agreement which was effective April 1, 1979 between the 
Insurer and the Reinsurer, and all subsequent amendments thereto. With 
respect to in force policies, the Reinsured Percentage for policies 
effective prior to January 1, 1999 and reinsured under the prior Group Long 
Term disability Monthly Income Reinsurance Agreement between the two 
parties shall be one hundred percent(100%).

Other terms and, conditions of this Agreement are as follows:

A) 	  	For risks reinsured under this Agreement, the Insurer will use only 
those policy forms which have been approved by the appropriate regulatory 
authorities. After the Reinsurer has reviewed and approved copies of these 
forms, and insurance policies have been accepted by the the Policyholder 
and administered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the 
Reinsurer will be liable to the Insurer for the Reinsured Percentage in 
accordance with the provisions of the policies reinsured.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

B) 	  	The Insurer, by executing this Agreement, represents that it is 
licensed to do insurance business in every state, district or territory of 
the United States, or the District of Columbia, in which it does business; 
and that it is licensed to write the group health and disability insurance 
policies which are the subject of this Agreement.
 
C) 	  	This Agreement represents an exclusive reinsurance arrangement 
between the parties for long term disability business. All business quoted 
using rates provided by the Reinsurer shall be reinsured under this 
Agreement. In the event the Reinsurer declines to accept any policy, the 
Insurer may reinsure such policy with another reinsurer.
 
D) 	  	Upon agreement of risk and benefits between Reinsurer and Insurer, 
any increase in benefit liability resulting from Insurers divergence from 
same shall be borne by the Insurer. The Reinsurer does not assume liability 
for any risk not agreed upon and which is incurred as a result of errors, 
intentional or otherwise, in the policy and/or certificate issued.


ARTICLE II. UNDERWRITING

A) 	  	Any reinsurance under this Agreement will be effected only through 
the express written consent of the Reinsurer for each case submitted under 
any disability insurance policy covered by this Agreement. The Insurer will 
submit underwriting data to the Reinsurer and the Reinsurer will inform the 
Insurer of its decision to accept or reject liability. The Reinsurer will 
make available to the Insurer the underwriting data prepared and used in 
making its determination.
 
  	  	The Reinsurer has the right to approve individuals insured under any 
policy as a condition of its acceptance of that policy. The Reinsurer may 
waive this right for some or all policies at any time.
 
B) 	  	The Reinsurer shall keep and maintain appropriate records of 
evidence of insurability, including but not limited to the policy, 
applications, certificates of coverage, medical forms, and other evidence 
of insurability, for at least three (3) years. Upon termination of this 
Agreement, the Reinsure, will retain and Insurer shall have access to such 
information for the later of three (3) years from termination date or the 
date the last active claim ceases.
 
C) 	  	Either the Insurer of the Reinsurer may, at any reasonable time 
during normal working hours of the Insurer and upon provision of written 
notice fourteen (14) days in advance, review and audit the records of the 
other party relating to business reinsured under this Agreement.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE III. FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND TRANSACTIONS

A) 	  	The Insurer shall remit premium for reinsured group long term 
disability policies to the Reinsurer within ninety (90) days from the date 
on which premium is due to the Insurer. The Insurer will follow all prudent 
procedures for premium collection and will notify the Reinsurer of all 
reinsured policies for which premium is overdue by ninety (90) days of the 
due date. The Reinsurer may assess an interest charge equal to the 
interpolated seven (7) year value of five (5) year and ten (10) year United 
States Treasury Bonds on premium overdue by more than ninety (90) days.
 
  	  	The Insurer will follow all prudent procedures for premium collection 
and will notify the Reinsurer of all reinsured policies for which premium 
is overdue by thirty (30) days of the due date. The Reinsurer may assess an 
interest charge equal to the interpolated seven (7) year value of five (5) 
year and ten (10) year United States Treasury Bonds on premium overdue by 
more than thirty (30) days.
 
  	  	If the premium payment period for any policy comprising the 
Underlying Risk is other than monthly, the parties to this Agreement shall 
determine, by mutual consent the proper method of reporting, accounting, 
and transferring of balances.
 
  	  	For past due premiums on all reinsured policies for which premiums 
remain due and unpaid for thirty (30) days following their due date, the 
Insurer shall take appropriate action to terminate all prospective 
liability in accordance with the policy provisions and shall institute its 
usual collection procedures. If the Insurer fails to take appropriate 
action to terminate all prospective liability, the Reinsurer reserves the 
right to terminate reinsurance of such ceded policies for which premiums 
remain unpaid for thirty (30) days past their due date.
 
B) 	  	For any business sold under this Agreement, the Reinsurer will 
specify the percentage of premium to be paid to it for reinsurance of each 
policy at the time Reinsurer accepts liability under the terms of the 
Underwriting Article of this Agreement.
 
C) 	  	The liability of the Reinsurer shall begin simultaneously with the 
Reinsurers acceptance of reinsurance for a long term disability insurance 
policy, subject to the terms of this Agreement.
 
D) 	  	The insurer is responsible for paying all premium taxes concerning 
any business covered by this Agreement.
 
E) 	  	Upon provision of written notice fourteen (14) days in advance, each 
party shall have the right, at any reasonable time during normal working 
hours, to inspect, at the office of the other party all non-proprietary, 
non-confidential and non-privileged books, records and documents relating 
to policies reinsured under this Agreement.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

F) 	  	If the Insurer fails to pay the consideration described in this 
Article, the Reinsurer shall have
the right to terminate, from the date up to which the policy premiums have 
been paid, its obligation for that portion of the Underlying Risk for which 
consideration is in arrears.
 
G) 	  	The Reinsurer will be bound by the consideration it specifies for a 
particular policy. However, on any date that the Insurer has the right to 
terminate a policy or change the premium for said policy, the Reinsurer 
may, with sixty (60) days advance notice, modify the rate of consideration 
or terminate reinsurance on the policy. The Insurer shall then be bound by 
the modification.
 
H) 	  	Reinstatement of the reinsurance on ceded policies which have been 
terminated under any provision of this Article shall be at the Reinsurers 
discretion.
 
I) 	  	Each party to this Agreement shall have the right to offset any 
balance(s), or any other amounts due relating to this or related 
agreements. In the event of the insolvency of a party to this Agreement, 
offsets shall only be allowed in accordance with the Insolvency Article of 
this Agreement.


ARTICLE IV. CLAIMS

The Insurer shall promptly transmit to the Reinsurer all claims, proofs of 
loss and supplemental statements of disability submitted on a policy 
reinsured hereunder. Upon receipt thereof the Reinsurer will pay the claim 
and/or recommend other appropriate action. The Reinsurer will not be liable 
for any claim received from the Insurer more than one year after this claim 
has been received in the Insurers office. The Reinsurer may change the 
reinsurance rate, retroactive to the last renewal date, if the receipt of a 
claim reported to the Reinsurer is more than one year after receipt by the 
Insurer and if the timely receipt would have caused a different reinsurance 
rate to be charged.

A) 	  	All services will be performed in accordance with Appendix B, the 
Claims Management Agreement. This Agreement includes administrative 
procedures particular to the claims management process and includes, but is 
not limited to. Authorization to Pay Claims, Claim Administration 
Guidelines, Claim Data; Payment of Benefits; Payment of Claim Expenses; 
Right to Audit; and is mutually agreed to by the parties of this Agreement.
 
B) 	  	The Reinsurer will undertake the defense of any suit, or portion of 
a suit, which is based or alleged to be based on claims for benefits under 
group disability policies covered by this Agreement where the claim is 
first commenced after the effective date of this Agreement, and the 
underlying policy is effective on or after the effective date of this 
Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, choice of 
counsel and management of any such suit, or portion of such suit, shall be 
agreed upon by the Insurer and the Reinsurer, which will have the exclusive 
right to settle any such suit, when in its informed and good faith opinion, 
it is appropriate to do so. The Insurer will cooperate with the Reinsurer 
in the defense of such suits.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

C) 	  	The Insurer and the Reinsurer will notify each other promptly of any 
litigation brought against it with respect to the policies covered by this 
Agreement.
 
D) 	  	Claims for Extra-Contractual Amounts. Extra-Contractual Amounts 
are amounts outside of contractual benefits which may include, but are not 
necessarily limited to: punitive, exemplary, compensatory or consequential 
damages or plaintiffs litigation-related costs and fees.

  	i) 	  	If extra-contractual amounts are awarded against the Insurer 
solely as a result of the Reinsurers decision, action, delay or failure to 
act, the Reinsurer shall pay one hundred percent (100%) of all such 
amounts.
 
  	ii) 	  	If extra-contractual amounts are awarded against the Insurer 
solely as a result of Insurers decision, action, delay, or failure to act, 
the Reinsurer shall have no (0%) percentage of liability for the payment of 
extra-contractual amounts.
 
  	iii) 	  	When extra-contractual amounts are awarded against the Insurer 
as a result of both the Reinsurers and the Insurers decision, action, 
delay or failure to act, the parties agree to share in the payment of any 
extra-contractual amounts.
 
  	iv) 	  	To expedite the resolution of certain claims, amounts other than 
policy benefits may be added to a claim settlement.

Allocation of responsibility for decisions, actions, delays, or failures to 
act shall be determined by the parties agreement subsequent to good faith 
negotiation. Said determination is solely for the purpose of efficient 
administration of this Agreement and for determining who shall assume the 
costs in certain instances. If agreement on such allocation cannot be 
reached, the matter shall be addressed in accordance with the Arbitration 
Article of this Agreement.

If any portion of this subsection (D) is deemed to be illegal under any law 
(decisional or statutory) or regulation of any Federal, State or local 
government, insofar as it applies to that areas jurisdiction, then said 
portion is automatically terminated.


ARTICLE V. RESERVE ADMINISTRATION

The Reinsurer agrees to provide reserve reports on group long term 
disability business under this Agreement to the Insurer in a form mutually 
acceptable to the parties. Such reports shall be provided to Insurer within 
thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter.


ARTICLE VI. DURATION, RECAPTURE AND TERMINATION

A) 	  	This Agreement shall govern the relationship of the parties until 
the liability of the Reinsurer with respect to all policies reinsured 
hereunder ceases. In accordance with the provisions of this Article, this 
Agreement can be terminated by either party with respect to all prospective

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	acceptances. Termination of the group long term disability insurance 
exclusively shall not occur when other lines of disability insurance are 
also written under this Agreement.
 
  	  	Any partial or complete prospective termination of this Agreement 
must be made in writing prior to October 1st of each year. Termination 
shall occur on the desired effective date of termination or ninety days 
from receipt of notice, whichever is later.
 
B) 	  	After this Agreement has been inforce for more than one (1) year 
from the effective date, the Insurer may decrease the Reinsured Percentage. 
The following schedule is the minimum Reinsured Percentage for each 
disability policy in effect at the anniversary date of this Agreement.
  	  	  	  	 
  Year 1 following notification
  	  	75 	%
  Year 2 Following notification
  	  	75 	%
  Year 3 following notification and thereafter
  	  	50 	%

  	  	Notification must be received by the Reinsurer not later than October 
1 of the year prior to the intended change. The Reinsured Percentage will 
remain at current Reinsured Percentage absent any notification. The change 
in Reinsured Percentage will occur at the next renewal date of the 
underlying reinsured policy occurring after the anniversary of the change. 
Upon termination of this Agreement, the Insurer may reduce the Reinsured 
Percentage to zero percent (0%) five (5) years from the effective date of 
the termination. Notification must be provided 90 days in advance.
 
C) 	  	The Reinsured Percentage governing any particular claim under a 
reinsured policy will be that Reinsured Percentage in effect as of the date 
of disability.
 
D) 	  	As of the date termination becomes effective Reinsurer will provide 
Insurer only with those necessary claims and financial services required to 
manage any reinsured business.
 
F) 	  	If Insurer becomes insolvent, as determined by the state regulatory 
agency, this Agreement will terminate automatically as of the date of 
insolvency as to all prospective acceptances by the Reinsurer. Liabilities 
already incurred by the Reinsurer will be administered in accordance with 
the Insolvency Article of this Agreement.


ARTICLE VI. NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF AGREEMENT

Neither the Insurer nor the Reinsurer shall, without prior consent of the 
other, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, sell, assign, transfer, or 
otherwise dispose of this Agreement, policies or policy liabilities covered 
by this Agreement, or any interest in such Agreement, by voluntary or 
involuntary act, by assumption agreement or otherwise, and any attempt to 
dispose of said interests, without said consent, shall be null and void. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Insurer or Reinsurer may arrange for a Third 
Party Administrator to perform some or all of the obligations hereunder. So 
doing will not relieve the Insurer or Reinsurer from the obligations 
hereunder,

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

though, in the event that the Third Party Administrator does not perform 
the obligations as stated herein.


ARTICLE VII. PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT

A) 	  	This is an agreement solely between the Insurer and the Reinsurer. 
The acceptance of reinsurance hereunder shall not create any right or legal 
relation whatever between the Reinsurer and any of Insurers policyholders, 
beneficiaries, representatives, sales representatives, employees or 
shareholders.

B) 	  	A failure or delay of either party to this Agreement to enforce any 
of the provisions of this Agreement, or to exercise any option which is 
herein provided, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such 
provision.


ARTICLE VIII. CONFIDENTIALITY

A) 	  	The Insurer and the Reinsurer may come into the possession or 
knowledge of confidential and proprietary information of the other in 
fulfilling obligations under this Agreement. Insurer and the Reinsurer 
agree to hold such confidential information in strictest confidence and to 
take all reasonable steps to ensure that such confidential information is 
not disclosed in any form by any means by each of them or by any of their 
employees or associates to third parties of any kind, except by advance 
authorization. Confidential information means any information which (1) 
is not generally available to the public, or (2) has not been lawfully 
obtained by the parties prior to the date of disclosure to it by the other, 
and includes but is not limited to:

  	i) 	  	Information or knowledge about each partys products, processes, 
services, finances, customers, research, computer programs, marketing and 
business plans, claims management practices, and reserving methodology; and
 
  	ii) 	  	Any medical and other personal, individually identifiable 
information about people or business entities with whom the parties do 
business, including customers, prospective customers, vendors, suppliers, 
individuals covered by insurance plans, and each partys producers and 
employees.

B) 	  	The Insurer and its agents, employees and representatives will not 
represent themselves, in writing, as part of the Reinsurer, or refer, in 
writing, to the Reinsurer in any policy forms or promotional materials, 
without the prior written consent of the Reinsurer.


ARTICLE IX. INSOLVENCY

The Reinsurer agrees that all reinsurance under this Agreement shall be 
payable by the Reinsurer on the basis of the liability of the Insurer under 
each policy reinsured under this Agreement.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

without diminution because of the insolvency of the Insurer, and the 
Reinsurer assumes liability for such reinsurance as of the effective dates 
of such policies. Any such payments by the Reinsurer shall be made directly 
to the Insurer or to its liquidator, receiver, or statutory successor. In 
the event of the insolvency of the Insurer, the liquidator, receiver or 
statutory successor of the Insurer shall give written notice that a claim 
is pending against the Insurer with respect to policies comprising the 
Underlying Risk within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the 
insolvency proceedings. While the claim is pending, the Reinsurer may 
investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding 
where such claim is to be adjudicated any defense or defenses which it may 
deem available to the Insurer or its liquidator or receiver or statutory 
successor. The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, 
subject to court approval, against the Insurer as part of the expenses of 
liquidation to the extent of a proportionate share of the benefit which may 
accrue to the Insurer solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the 
Reinsurer.

Where two or more reinsurers are involved and a majority of interest elect 
to defend a claim, the expense will be apportioned in accordance with the 
terms of the reinsurance agreement as if the expense had been incurred by 
the Insurer.


ARTICLE X. ARBITRATION

A) 	  	The parties explicitly agree that all differences, whether matters 
of fact, law or mixed fact and law, which arise out of the interpretation 
or execution of this Agreement, will be decided by arbitration except for 
those matters which are left to the sole discretion of the Reinsurer or the 
Insurer under the terms of this Agreement. The parties explicitly agree 
that arbitration shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for all such 
differences, and that the arbitrators will determine the interpretation of 
this Agreement in accordance with the usual business and reinsurance 
practices rather than strict technicalities. Three neutral arbitrators will 
decide any differences. They must be active or retried officers of life 
insurance companies other than the two parties to this Agreement or any of 
their subsidiaries. In addition, the officers may not be former employees 
of the two parties to this Agreement or any of their subsidiaries. In 
addition, the officers may not be former employees of the two parties to 
this Agreement or any of their subsidiaries. One of the arbitrators is to 
be appointed by each party to this Agreement, and the two arbitrators will 
select a third. If the two are not able to agree on a third, the choice 
will be left to the President of the Society of Actuaries of its successor. 
The arbitration shall be in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration 
Rules of the American Arbitration Association, or its successor and will 
take place in Portland, Maine. This Agreement shall be deemed binding upon 
the arbitrators for matters expressly agreed to herein. The arbitrators 
decision shall be by majority vote, and no appeal shall be taken from it. 
The judgment rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having 
proper jurisdiction. Expenses and fees for the arbitrators shall be shared 
by the Insurer and the Reinsurer in equal portions.

B) 	  	The arbitrators may award only contractual damages to either party. 
In no event may extra contractual damages, including amounts available 
under any state or federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization 
Act (RICO), be awarded to either party under this

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	Agreement for breach of said agreement. However, the arbitrators may 
allocate responsibility for 1) any extra-contractual amounts awarded 
against the Insurer, or 2) any amounts representing extra-contractual 
damages in a settlement, between the Insurer and the Reinsurer as set forth 
in the Claims Article of this Agreement.
 
C) 	  	The procedures specified in this Article shall be the sole and 
exclusive procedures for the resolution of disputes between the parties 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement; provided, however, that a 
party may seek a preliminary injunction or other preliminary judicial 
relief if in its judgment such action is necessary to avoid irreparable 
damage. Despite such action the parties will continue to participate in 
good faith in the procedures specified in this Article. All applicable 
statutes of limitation shall be tolled while the procedures specified in 
this Article are pending. The parties will take such action, if any, 
required to effectuate such tolling.
 
D) 	  	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, in the event 
that either party seek, consents to, or acquiesces in the appointment of, 
or otherwise becomes subject to, any trustee, receiver, liquidator, or 
conservator (including any state insurance regulatory agency acting in such 
a capacity), the other party shall not be obligated to resolve any claim, 
dispute, or cause of action under this Agreement by arbitration and may 
elect to bring any action with respect to such claim, dispute or cause of 
action in any court of competent jurisdiction.


ARTICLE XI. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE

The Insurer and the Reinsurer each separately represents and warrants that 
it has established a written project plan and budget to address Year 2000 
issues, and that its plan includes:

  	i) 	  	conducting an inventory and assessment of Year 2000 impacts to 
its telecommunications and information systems, related software and 
hardware, and its facilities (e.g., buildings and utilities);
 
  	ii) 	  	conducting a review of the Year 2000 preparedness of its 
significant business partners and suppliers;
 
  	iii) 	  	correcting its Year 2000 problems and testing and validating 
its conversion efforts, and
 
  	iv) 	  	establishing contingency and avoidance plans.

Each party represents and warrants that all of its telecommunications and 
information systems and related software and hardware have been found to be 
Year 2000 compliant, or will be made so on or before December 31, 1999. The 
Insurer agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Reinsurer with respect 
to Year 2000 issues by sharing information with the Reinsurer about the 
status and progress of the Insurers Year 2000 compliance work and with 
respect to testing and validation, Reinsurer agrees to do the same. For 
purposes of this section, Year 2000 compliant means: manages and 
manipulates data involving dates with full representation of year and 
century (i.e.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

YYYYMMDD) both internally and externally to the Database, System or 
Application; follows standards for acquisition, storage, presentation, and 
handling of dates including provisions for leap year and leap centuries. 
This applies to data stored and retrieved, reports, screens, and data that 
is sent or received.


ARTICLE XII. ERRORS AND OMISSIONS

Inadvertent and harmless delays, errors or omissions made in connection 
with this Agreement or any transaction hereunder, except as otherwise 
stated in this Agreement, shall not relieve either party from any liability 
which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, 
provided that the fault is rectified as soon as possible after discovery.


ARTICLE XIII. APPLICABLE LAW

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Maine.


ARTICLE XIV. MODIFICATION

A) 	  	This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the 
Reinsurer and the Insurer. Neither party shall be bound by any other 
representation made before or after the date of this agreement, unless it 
is made in writing signed by both parties and expresses by its terms an 
intention to modify this Agreement.

B) 	  	In the event that any one or more of this provisions of the 
Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be 
unimpaired.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
in duplicate by their respective officers duly authorized so to do as of 
the date set forth above
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
DUNCANSON & HOLT SERVICES, 	  	  	  	SAFECO LIFE INSURANCE 	  	 
INC. ( Managing Agent of Reinsurer) 	  	  	  	COMPANY (Insurer) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields
 
  	  	  	By 	  	/s/ John P. Fenlason
 
  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title
  	VP Finance
 
  	  	  	Title 	  	Sr. Vice President
 
  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date
  	8-30-99
 
  	  	  	Date 	  	8-17-99
 
  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
/s/ Sharon Newton
  	  	  	/s/ Joseph Allen Wymich 	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Witness
  	  	  	  	  	Witness 	  	  	  	 

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-20

AGREEMENT YEAR 1999

January 1, 1999 to December 31, 1999

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Duncanson & Holt Services, Inc., 
as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.00 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.00 	%

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Claims Management Agreement
Appendix B

I. Claims Management Services

In satisfaction of its obligations to assist the Insurer with the 
processing of claims arising under Policies Reinsured in connection with 
the Group Long Term Disability Reinsurance Treaty (the Treaty), the 
Reinsurer designates Claims Service International, Inc. (CST) to perform 
claims management services in connection with the Treaty as set forth 
herein. The Insurer shall not be liable to CSI for the services rendered 
under the Claims Management Agreement and shall not bear any of the 
expenses incurred by CSI in connection with CSI s performance of services 
hereunder, except as may be expressly set forth herein. The obligation of 
CSI to perform administrative Service in connection with the Treaty shall 
continue until such time as all reinsured claims have been paid,unless 
other agreement is reached and becomes a written part of this Agreement.

II. Standard of Care

CSI will manage claims using the same standard of care, diligence and good 
faith which Reinsurer exercises in the performance of its own business and 
shall be consistent with prudent claim processing practices in the 
industry, in compliance with applicable laws.

III Licenses

CSI will maintain all necessary licenses to perform this Claims Management 
Agreement. CSI shall execute any documents reasonably required by the 
Insurer in order for the Insurer to comply with laws relating to the third 
party administration of claims.

IV. Claims Administration Guidelines/Claims Data

The Insurer will direct all policyholders that insured individuals and 
their assignees must provide notices of all reinsured disability claims, 
proofs of loss and any supplemental statements of disability directly to 
CSI for processing. CSI will communicate with all parties involved in the 
claims management process using the identity of Claims Advisory Agent for 
the Insurer. CSI on behalf of the Reinsures, will use Insurer Long term 
Disability (LTD)claims forms, as modified to name CSI as the Claims 
Advisory Agent.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

CSI will provide the Insurer with copies of all responses to Department of 
Insurance (DOI) complaints. The Insurer will not retain individual LTD 
claim files except for copies of responses to DOI complaints. CSI will 
retain all individual LTD claims files and will store all such files for a 
period of ten years after the closure of the file. CSI will destroy all 
claims files in a manner to preserve confidentiality. Upon proper request, 
CSI shall provide access to the books and records maintained by CSI for the 
purposes of examination, audit and inspection by any insurance department 
which purports to exercise jurisdiction over the business which is subject 
to the Treaty.

V. Payment of Claims/Authorization to Pay Claims

Upon receipt of claims, proofs of loss and/or supplemental statements of 
disability, CSI, on behalf of the Reinsurer in accordance with Article IV 
of the Treaty, will pay the claim or will take appropriate alternative 
action. The Insurer or the policyholder will provide to CSI all necessary 
information to verify eligibility and premium requirements, where such 
information has not already been provided to the Reinsurer. CSI shall be 
responsible for mailing acknowledgment letters and claims denial letters.

In the event that CSI determines that a claim should be denied, CSI will 
send to the claimant a notice of denial within 10 business days of the 
determination. Any notice of denial will be sent directly, to claimant and 
will state the reason for denial. Procedures for appeals are to be. 
included in the letter to the claimant. A copy of the denial letter shall 
be forwarded to the policyholder when applicable.

Beginning January 1, 1999, CSI will process and pay all claims made against 
the policies reinsured under this Treaty for the Insurer. In connection 
therewith, the Insurer will provide to CSI signatory authority on a block 
of the Insurer drafts to be written against a the Insurer bank account. CSI 
shall be responsible for mailing, at its expense, all communications that 
are required to be mailed to claimants, including checks and EOBs. 
Additionally Insurer.

CSI shall pay each claim under polices reinsured under the Treaty within 
the time period allowed by the state in which the claimant resides. Before 
suspending any payments, CSI Will send to claimant a letter, advising the 
claimant that benefits will be suspended unless the claimant sends 
information which in the judgment of CSI support the continued payment of 
benefits. A copy of this letter shall be forwarded to the policyholder when 
applicable.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

VI. Claims Expenses

All LTD claims expenses will paid by the Reinsurer. Normal claim expenses 
include, but are not limited to, the following: medical records; 
Independent Medical Exams; vendor costs; claim investigation and 
rehabilitation. It does not include salaries of either the Insurers or 
Reinsurers employees.

VII. Right to Audit

At its discretion the Insurer, or its designated representative, has the 
right to conduct random audits of LTD claims reinsured under the Treaty. 
Such audits shall be conducted., by staff of the Insurer, or its designated 
representative, at the expense of the Insurer and at the regular locations 
of CSI and/or the Reinsurer during normal business hours. Access to all 
relevant. policy information and case data regarding reinsured, claims 
shall be made available for audit proceedings. The number of claims to be 
audited will be determined in the sole discretion of the Insurer.

Results of audits by the Insurer shall be communicated to the Reinsurer in 
a verbal summary followed by written documentation of the findings, 
including any irregularities or problems identified.

VIII. Information Relating to Fraudulent Claims

CSI will provide to the Insurer, upon the Insurers request, a list of 
measures that CSI uses to detect fraudulent claims.

IX. Responsibility of Reinsurer for Act of CSI.

Reinsure shall be responsible for all acts of CSI as if the Reinsure had 
itself performed said acts.

The signatures below constitute acceptance of the Claims Management 
Agreement by all parties Nothing contained in the Claims Management 
Agreement shall vary, alter or affect any of the terms or conditions of the 
Group Long Term Disability Reinsurance Agreement. The Claims Management 
Agreement may be revised only by changes agreed to by both parties and 
documented in writing.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed this Claims Management 
Agreement on the dates shown.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
DUNCANSON & HOLT SERVICES, INC.
(Managing Agent of Reinsurer) 	  	  	  	SAFECO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
(Insurer) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	By 	  	/s/ John P. Fenlason 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title
  	 V P Finance 	  	  	  	Title 	  	Sr. Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date
  	8/30/99 	  	  	  	Date 	  	8/17/99 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
/s/ Sharon Newton 	  	  	  	/s/ Joseph Allen Wymich 	  	 
Witness 	  	  	  	Witness 	  	 

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AMENDMENT NO. 1
TO THE
GROUP LONG TERM DISABILITY REINSURANCE TREATY
Bearing Effective Date January 1, 1999

THE AGREEMENT by and between SAFECO Life Insurance Company of Seattle, 
Washington (Insurer) and DUNCANSON & HOLT SERVICES, INC. (Managing Agent 
for American Disability Reinsurance Underwriters Syndicate, Reinsurer), is 
hereby modified as follows:

Article IV(E): The Insurer or the Reinsurer may engage a Third-Party 
Administrator (TPA) to manage claims under this Agreement after the 
effective date of this Amendment. Any TPA arrangement will require the 
approval of both the Insurer and Reinsurer.

The effective date of the change described above is January 1,2000 for all 
group long term disability policies effective prior to or on that date.

The signatures affixed hereto constitute acceptance of this Amendment by 
both parties. Nothing contained herein shall be held to vary, alter, or 
affect any of the terms and conditions of said Treaty other than as herein 
stated.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed this Amendment in duplicate on 
the dates shown below:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
DUNCANSON & HOLT SERVICES,INC 	  	SAFECO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  
(Managing Agent of Reinsurer) 	  	(Insurer)
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ Scott Taylor 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(Signature) 	  	  	  	(Signature) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
V P Finance 	  	  	  	Sr. V. P. 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(Title) 	  	  	  	(Title) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
10/17/00 	  	  	  	10/24/00 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(Date) 	  	  	  	(Date) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
/s/  Sonia D. Davis 	  	  	  	/s/  Betty Amundson 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(Witness) 	  	  	  	(Witness) 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

AMENDMENT

Amendment to the Group Long Term Disability Reinsurance Agreement between 
Symetra Life Insurance Company (hereinafter the Insurer) of Redmond, 
Washington and Integrated Disability Resources, Inc., a Connecticut 
corporation, as Managing Agent (hereinafter the managing agent) for each 
of the participating reinsurers collectively referred to in this Amendment 
as the American Disability Reinsurance Underwriters Syndicate (ADRUS):

Effective January 1, 2006, the parties hereby agree to amend the 
above-referenced Reinsurance Agreement as follows:

Paragraph C) appearing in ARTICLE I. GENERAL PROVISIONS is amended to read 
as follows:

  	C) 	  	All new pre-sale business which is quoted using rates provided by 
the Reinsurer shall be reinsured under this Agreement. For new pre-sale 
business, this Agreement represents a non-exclusive reinsurance arrangement 
between the parties.
 
  	  	  	This Agreement will continue to represent an exclusive reinsurance 
arrangement between the parties with respect to renewals for Policies which 
are in force and reinsured with Reinsurer as of January 1,2006. In the 
event the Reinsurer declines to accept a renewal of any such policy, the 
Insurer may reinsure such policy with another reinsurer.

All provisions of the Reinsurance Agreement not in conflict with the 
provisions of this Amendment will continue unchanged.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
executed in duplicate by the signatures of their duly authorized 
representatives as indicated below.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
INTEGRATED DISABILITY RESOURCES, INC. 	  	  	  	SYMETRA LIFE INSURANCE 
COMPANY 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ Scott Taylor 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	Name: 	  	Scott Taylor 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
  	CFO 	  	  	  	Title: 	  	SR V.P. 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date:
  	4/27/2006 	  	  	  	Date: 	  	12/19/05 	  	 

CDS on behalf of Reliance [ILLEGIBLE]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AMENDMENT NO. 3
TO THE
GROUP LONG TERM DISABILITY REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 3 (the Amendment) is effective as of July 1, 2006 and 
is hereby made a part of and incorporated into the Group Long Term 
Disability Reinsurance Agreement effective January 1, 1999 (the 
Agreement) by and between Symetra Life Insurance Company (formerly Safeco 
Life Insurance Company) (hereinafter the Insurer) of Bellevue Washington 
and Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company doing business as Custom 
Disability Solutions (successor to Integrated Disability Resources, Inc., 
formerly Duncanson & Holt Services, Inc.), as Managing Agent (hereinafter 
the Managing Agent) for each of the participating reinsurers collectively 
referred to in the Reinsurance Agreement as the American Disability 
Reinsurance Underwriters Syndicate (ADRUS). Capitalized terms not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
Agreement.

The parties agree that this Amendment No. 3 supersedes the prior Amendment 
No. 3 that was executed by the parties effective July 1, 2006.

Intending to be legally bound, Insurer and Managing Agent agree to amend 
the Agreement as follows:

1. 	  	ARTICLE I. GENERAL PROVISIONS, Paragraph C is amended to read as 
follows:

  	C) 	  	All new business proposals which are quoted using rates provided 
by the Reinsurer shall be reinsured under this Agreement, except for new 
business proposals produced:

  	i) 	  	by Meridian Benefits in the states of North Carolina, South 
Carolina and Tennessee, or
 
  	ii) 	  	from distribution channels and opportunities brought to Insurer 
by other reinsurance outlets, where discussions concerning such 
opportunities are not initiated by the Insurer.

  	  	  	Otherwise, this Agreement represents an exclusive reinsurance 
arrangement between the parties with respect to new business proposals.
 
  	  	  	This Agreement will continue to represent an exclusive reinsurance 
arrangement between the parties with respect to renewals for Policies which 
are in force and reinsured with Reinsurer as of July 1, 2006. In the event 
the Reinsurer declines to accept a renewal of any such policy, the Insurer 
may reinsure such policy with another reinsurer.

2. 	  	ARTICLE III. FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND TRANSACTIONS, Section 
A), first two paragraphs are amended to read as follows:
 
  	  	The Insurer shall remit premium for reinsured group long term 
disability policies to the Reinsurer within ninety (90) days from the date 
on which premium is due to the Insurer.

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	The Insurer will follow all prudent procedures for premium collection 
and will notify the Reinsurer of all reinsured policies for which premium 
is overdue by ninety (90) days of the due date.
 
  	  	The third and fourth paragraphs under Section A) remain unchanged by 
this Amendment.
 
3. 	  	ARTICLE VI. DURATION, RECAPTURE AND TERMINATION is amended to read 
as follows:


ARTICLE VI. DURATION, TERMINATION AND RECAPTURE

  	A) 	  	Duration. This Agreement shall govern the relationship of the 
parties until the liability of the Reinsurer with respect to all policies 
reinsured under this Agreement ceases.
 
  	  	  	Insurer agrees to continue an ongoing active relationship with the 
Reinsurer for an initial period ending December 31, 2007.
 
  	B) 	  	Termination.

  	(i) 	  	Without Cause. Subject to Section A in this Article VI, either 
party may terminate this Agreement with respect to all prospective 
acceptances, at any time by providing ninety (90) days prior written notice 
to the other party.
 
  	(ii) 	  	Insurer Insolvency. If Insurer becomes insolvent as determined 
by one or more state regulatory agencies, this Agreement will terminate 
automatically as of the date of insolvency as to all prospective 
acceptances. Liabilities already incurred by the Reinsurer will be 
administered in accordance with the Insolvency Article of this Agreement.
 
  	(iii) 	  	Immediate Termination Rights. Notwithstanding the above, 
Insurer may terminate this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the 
following at any time by the giving of fifteen (15) days prior written 
notice to the Managing Agent:

  	a) 	  	Either ADRUS or the Managing Agent ceases active underwriting 
operations;
 
  	b) 	  	A State Insurance Department or other regulatory authority orders 
ADRUS, or any then-participating member of ADRUS, to cease writing 
business;
 
  	c) 	  	ADRUS, any then-participating member of ADRUS, or the Managing 
Agent: 1) becomes insolvent, 2) is placed into liquidation or receivership, 
or 3) has instituted against it proceedings for the appointment of a 
supervisor, receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, conservator or trustee in 
bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of 
its assets or control of its operations;

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	d) 	  	ADRUS or the Managing Agent enters into a definitive written 
agreement to directly or indirectly assign its interests in this Agreement 
and liability for obligations under this Agreement to another party without 
the Insurers prior written consent;
  	e) 	  	The Managing Agent has entered into a definitive agreement to 
sell substantially all of its assets without the Insurers prior written 
consent; or
 
  	f) 	  	ADRUS or the Managing Agent, has engaged in any of the following: 
1) a pattern or practice of failure by ADRUS or the Managing Agent to pay 
claims on a timely basis, 2) a pattern or practice of failure by ADRUS or 
the Managing Agent to abide by applicable federal or state laws, 3) a 
pattern or practice of acts of bad faith conduct by ADRUS or the Managing 
Agent, or 4) a pattern or practice of committing acts of negligent behavior 
by ADRUS or the Managing Agent, in discharging the Reinsurers duties under 
this Agreement.

  	C) 	  	Recapture.
 
  	  	  	If the Insurer terminates the Agreement effective on January 1, 
2008 or some other date in 2008, the recapture period shall, be three (3) 
years from the effective date of such termination.
 
  	  	  	If the Insurer terminates the Agreement effective on or after 
January 1, 2009, the recapture period shall be two (2) years from the 
effective date of such termination.
 
  	  	  	Recapture through any means will include 100% of the risk for the 
policies unless other terms are agreed to by the Insurer and Reinsurer.
 
  	D) 	  	The Reinsured Percentage governing any claim under a reinsured 
policy will be that Reinsured Percentage in effect as of the date of 
disability.
 
  	E) 	  	As of the date termination of the Agreement becomes effective, 
Reinsurer will provide Insurer only with those necessary claim and 
financial services required to manage any reinsured business. Upon 
termination, Reinsurer will utilize renewal methods, tools and procedures 
which are consistent with those in use for renewals generally within 
Reinsurers overall block of business at the time Insurers policies are 
being renewed.

  	  	4. The Agreement is amended by the addition of the following Article, 
which is applicable to ADRUS members for all ADRUS agreement years 
effective on or after July 1, 2006.


ARTICLE XV. COLLATERAL REQUIREMENTS

  	  	If the amount of capital and surplus of any ADRUS member has been 
reduced by 50% or more of the amount of capital and surplus as stated in 
such ADRUS members most recent prior annual statutory statement filed with 
its state of domicile, such ADRUS member shall deposit in trust with a 
trustee (which shall not be an affiliate of such ADRUS member), and 
thereafter at all times maintain in such trust, assets at least equal in 
value to such ADRUS members proportionate amount of the reserves required 
to be maintained from time to time

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

by ADRUS under sound actuarial principles and accepted statutory accounting 
practices, with respect to reserves required for liabilities incurred by 
ADRUS members under this Agreement on or after July 1, 2006.

Such ADRUS member may alternatively post a letter of credit to satisfy such 
obligations. The trust or letter of credit arrangements, and all 
documentation relating thereto, must be satisfactory in form and substance 
to Insurer in its good faith discretion. The trust shall be terminated and 
the assets returned to the ADRUS member, or the letter of credit returned 
for cancellation, if the ADRUS members amount of capital and surplus 
increases by 10% of the amount of capital and surplus as stated in such 
ADRUS members most recent prior annual statutory statement filed with its 
state of domicile.

The parties acknowledge that the collateral obligations under this 
provision predicated upon a reduction in surplus shall not be applicable if 
the ADRUS member has already provided collateral or taken other lawful 
actions that allow Insurer to receive full reserve credit with respect to 
the reinsurance ceded under this Agreement.

All provisions of the Agreement not in conflict with the provisions of this 
Amendment will continue unchanged.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
executed in duplicate by the signatures of their duly authorized 
representatives as indicated below.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
CUSTOM DISABILITY SOLUTIONS,
Managing Agent of Reinsurer 	  	  	  	SYMETRA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ Michael Fry 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	Name: 	  	Michael Fry 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
  	CFO 	  	  	  	Title: 	  	V P 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date:
  	8/16/2006 	  	  	  	Date: 	  	8/17/2006 	  	 

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AMENDMENT NO. 4
TO THE
GROUP LONG TERM DISABILITY REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 4 (Amendment) is hereby made a part of and 
incorporated into the Group Long Term Disability Reinsurance Agreement 
which was effective January 1, 1999 (Agreement) by and between Symetra 
Life Insurance Company (formerly Safeco Life Insurance Company) (Insurer) 
of Bellevue, Washington and Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company doing 
business as Custom Disability Solutions (successor to Integrated Disability 
Resources, Inc., formerly Duncanson & Holt Services, Inc.), as Managing 
Agent (Managing Agent) for each of the participating reinsurers 
collectively referred to in the Agreement as the American Disability 
Reinsurance Underwriters Syndicate (ADRUS). Capitalized terms not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
Agreement.

Intending to be legally bound, Insurer and Managing Agent agree to amend 
the Agreement as follows:

Effective January 1, 1999, Appendix A-20 appearing in the Agreement is 
amended to read as follows:


APPENDIX A

AGREEMENT YEAR 1999

January 1, 1999 to December 31, 1999

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Duncanson & Holt Services, Inc. 
as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER[S] 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100 	%

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
executed in duplicate by the signatures of their duly authorized 
representatives as indicated below.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
CUSTOM DISABILITY SOLUTIONS,
Managing Agent of Reinsurer 	  	  	  	SYMETRA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ David C. Fry 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	Name: 	  	David C. Fry 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
  	CFO 	  	  	  	Title: 	  	Senior Actuary & AVP 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date:
  	12/7/2006 	  	  	  	Date: 	  	12/8/2006 	  	 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AMENDMENT 5

This Amendment No. 5 (Amendment) is hereby made a part of and 
incorporated into the Group Long Term Disability Reinsurance Agreement 
effective January 1, 1999 (Agreement) by and between Symetra Life 
Insurance Company (hereinafter the Insurer) of Bellevue, Washington and 
Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company doing business as Custom 
Disability Solutions, as Managing Agent (hereinafter the Managing Agent) 
for each of the participating reinsurers collectively referred to in the 
Reinsurance Agreement as the American Disability Reinsurance Underwriters 
Syndicate (ADRUS). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.

Effective September 1, 2008, Insurer and Managing Agent agree to amend the 
Agreement as follows:

ARTICLE 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS, Paragraph C) is amended to read as follows:

  	C) 	  	All new pre-sale business which is quoted using rates provided by 
the Reinsurer shall be reinsured under this Agreement, except for new 
pre-sale business produced from distribution channels and opportunities 
brought to Insurer by other reinsurance outlets, where discussions 
concerning such opportunities are not initiated by the Insurer.
 
  	  	  	Otherwise, this Agreement represents an exclusive reinsurance 
arrangement between the parties with respect to new pre-sale business.
 
  	  	  	This Agreement will continue to represent an exclusive reinsurance 
arrangement between the parties with respect to renewals for Policies that 
are in force and reinsured with Reinsurer as of July 1, 2006. In the event 
the Reinsurer declines to accept a renewal of any such policy, the Insurer 
may reinsure such policy with another reinsurer.

All provisions of the Agreement not in conflict with the provisions of this 
Amendment will continue unchanged.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
executed in duplicate by the signatures of their duly authorized 
representatives as indicated below.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
CUSTOM DISABILITY SOLUTIONS 	  	  	  	SYMETRA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ Marcus Wright
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	Paul K. Fields 	  	  	  	Name: 	  	Marcus Wright
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
  	CFO 	  	  	  	Title: 	  	Group Operations Director, AVP
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date:
  	9/26/2008 	  	  	  	Date: 	  	September 17, 2008
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-l

AGREEMENT YEAR 2000

January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2000

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Duncanson & Holt Services, Inc. 
as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-2

AGREEMENT YEAR 2001

January 1, 2001 to December 31, 2001

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Duncanson & Holt Services, Inc. 
as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-3

AGREEMENT YEAR 2002

January 1, 2002 to December 31, 2002

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Integrated Disability Resources, 
Inc. as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-4

AGREEMENT YEAR 2003

January 1, 2003 to December 31, 2003

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Integrated Disability Resources, 
Inc. as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-5

AGREEMENT YEAR 2004

January 1, 2004 to December 31, 2004

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Integrated Disability Resources, 
Inc. as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-6

AGREEMENT YEAR 2005

January 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Integrated Disability Resources, 
Inc. as Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  UNUM Life Insurance Company of America
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-7

AGREEMENT YEAR 2006

January 1, 2006 to December 31, 2006

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Custom Disability Solutions as 
Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
MEMBER REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-8

AGREEMENT YEAR 2007

January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Custom Disability Solutions as 
Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
MEMBER 	  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-9

AGREEMENT YEAR 2008

January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2008

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Custom Disability Solutions as 
Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
MEMBER 	  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-10

AGREEMENT YEAR 2009

January 1, 2009 to December 31, 2009

Member Reinsurers who have contracted with Custom Disability Solutions as 
Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
MEMBER 	  	DOLLAR 	  	PERCENTAGE
REINSURER 	  	PARTICIPATION 	  	PARTICIPATION
  Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100.0 	%

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A-11

AGREEMENT YEAR 2010

January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010

Member Reinsurers who has contracted with Custom Disability Solutions as 
Managing Agent of ADRUS and their levels of participation are as follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar 	  	  	Percentage 	 
Reinsurer 	  	Participation 	  	  	Participation 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  TOTAL AUTHORIZED PARTICIPATION
  	$ 	30,000 	  	  	  	100 	%

11