 EX-10.37 16 w78831a2exv10w37.htm EX-10.37

Exhibit 10.37

THIS DEBENTURE AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH IT IS CONVERTIBLE 
(COLLECTIVELY, THE SECURITIES), HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF 
ANY STATE. THE SECURITIES ARE BEING OFFERED PURSUANT TO A SAFE HARBOR FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT). THE 
SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD UNLESS THE 
SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT, OR ELIGIBLE TO BE OFFERED OR SOLD 
PURSUANT TO AVAILABLE EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
ACT AND THE COMPANY WILL BE PROVIDED WITH AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN FORM 
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY COUNSEL, CONFIRMING THAT SUCH EXEMPTIONS 
ARE AVAILABLE.


IMPERIAL HOLDINGS, LLC.
Unsecured Convertible Debenture
November 1, 2010

US $30,000,000

This Unsecured Convertible Debenture (the Debenture) is issued on 
November 1, 2010 (the Closing Date) by Imperial Holdings, LLC, a Florida 
limited liability company (the Company), to Branch Office of Skarbonka 
Sp. z o. o., 58, rue Charles Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg, as holder and agent 
of Jasmund Ltd. and Premium Funding, Inc. (together with its permitted 
successors and assigns, the Holder) pursuant to exemptions from 
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


ARTICLE I.

     Section 1.01 Principal and Interest. For value received, the Company 
hereby promises to pay to the order of the Holder on October 4, 2011 (the 
Maturity Date) in lawful money of the United States of America and in 
immediately available funds, the principal sum of Thirty Million U.S. 
Dollars (US $30,000,000) together with interest on the unpaid principal of 
this Debenture at the rate of zero percent (0%) per annum (the Interest 
Rate) from the date hereof until paid; provided, that, if the unpaid 
principal of the Debenture is not either (a) paid in full on or prior to 
the Maturity Date or (b) converted into Common Stock (as hereinafter 
defined) prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to the provisions hereinafter 
provided, then the Interest Rate shall be sixteen percent (16%) per annum 
in lieu of the rate set forth above, applicable and effective from the date 
this Debenture was originally issued.

     Section 1.02 Mandatory Conversion. This Debenture shall automatically 
be converted into Common Stock on the terms set forth herein immediately 
prior to the achievement of an IPO for the Company. IPO shall mean an 
initial, underwritten public offering of Common Stock pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. Upon such conversion, the principal amount of the Debenture, plus 
accrued and unpaid interest, shall be converted into shares (the 
Conversion Shares) of the Companys common stock (Common Stock) created 
in the Reorganization (as hereinafter defined), at the price per share 
equal to the midpoint of the price range on the cover of the Companys last 
preliminary

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the 
closing of the Companys IPO (the Conversion Price). In the event the 
price of the Common Stock sold to the public in the IPO is greater than the 
midpoint of the price range, the Conversion Price shall be such higher 
price. No fraction of shares or scrip representing fractions of shares will 
be issued on conversion, but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded 
up to the nearest whole share.

     Section 1.03 Reservation of Common Stock. The Company, following the 
Reorganization, shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized but 
unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the 
conversion of this Debenture, such number of shares of Common Stock as 
shall from time to time be sufficient to effect such conversion. If at any 
time the Company does not have a sufficient number of Conversion Shares 
authorized and available, the Company shall take such action as is required 
to increase the number of Conversion Shares authorized and available so 
that a sufficient number shall be authorized and available to permit a full 
conversion of this Debenture.

     Section 1.04 Mechanics of Conversion.

          (1) Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Debenture. The 
number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the conversion hereunder shall be 
determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding 
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, of this Debenture to be 
converted, by (y) the Conversion Price.

          (2) Delivery of Certificate Upon Conversion. Not later than ten 
(10) business days after the conversion date (the Share Delivery Date), 
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder a 
certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares representing 
the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this 
Debenture.

          (3) Obligation Absolute. The Companys obligations to issue and 
deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture in 
accordance with the terms hereof, and the Holders obligation to convert 
the Debenture into Conversion Shares, are absolute and unconditional, 
irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder or the Company to 
enforce the same or any waiver or consent with respect to any provision 
hereof.

          (4) Transfer Taxes. The issuance of certificates for shares of 
the Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall be made without 
charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that 
may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such certificates, 
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be 
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of 
any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the 
Holder of this Debenture and the Company shall not be required to issue or 
deliver such certificates unless or until the person or persons requesting 
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax 
or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax 
has been paid.

     Section 1.05 Conversion from LLC to State Law Corporation. It is 
contemplated that immediately prior to an IPO, that the Company shall 
reorganize into a state law corporation whether by conversion, merger or 
otherwise, in order to undertake an IPO (the Reorganization). The Holder 
hereunder recognizes and acknowledges that the Common Stock shall not be 
created until after the Reorganization is consummated and then only 
immediately

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

prior to the achievement of an IPO of the Company. The Company covenants 
and agrees that the Reorganization shall occur prior to an IPO.


ARTICLE II.

     Section 2.01 Amendments and Waiver of Default. The Debenture may not 
be amended without the consent of the parties hereto.


ARTICLE III.

     Section 3.01 Events of Default. An Event of Default is defined as 
follows: (a) failure by the Company to pay amounts due hereunder within ten 
(10) days of the date any such amounts are due; (b) failure by the Company 
for ten (10) days after notice to it to comply with any of its other 
agreements in the Debenture; (c) the sale of all or substantially all of 
the equity of the Company or all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Company; or (d) any event of bankruptcy or insolvency by the Company. Upon 
the occurrence of an Event of Default, the interest on this Debenture shall 
immediately accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of sixteen 
percent (16%) per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, 
and, in addition to all other rights or remedies the Holder may have, at 
law or in equity, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, accelerate full 
repayment of all debentures outstanding and accrued interest thereon. In 
connection with the Holders rights hereunder upon an Event of Default, the 
Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately 
enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other 
remedies available to it in equity or under applicable law.


ARTICLE IV.

     Section 4.01 Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. Except as otherwise 
specifically provided herein, no holder, as such, of this Debenture shall 
be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of shares 
of capital stock of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything 
contained in this Debenture be construed to confer upon the Holder, as 
such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to 
vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any 
reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, 
merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive 
dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to 
the Holder of the Conversion Shares which he or she is then entitled to 
receive upon the conversion of this Debenture. Notwithstanding this Section 
4.01, the Company will provide the Holder with copies of the same notices 
and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, 
contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.


ARTICLE V.

     Section 5.01 Notice. Any notices, consents, waivers or other 
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this 
Debenture must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) 
upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by 
facsimile (provided confirmation of receipt is received by the sending 
party, transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on 
file by the sending party); or (iii) one business day after deposit with a 
nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly 
addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile 
numbers for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to:

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Imperial Holdings, LLC
701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Ste. 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487
Attn: Antony Mitchell
Facsimile: 561.892.6313

If to the Holder:

Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o.
Attn.: Toni Portley
58, rue Charles Martel
L-2134 Luxembourg
Facsimile: +352 (26) 73 88 94

Each party shall provide five days prior written notice to the other party 
of any change in address or facsimile number. Written confirmation of 
receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, facsimile, 
waiver or other communication, or (B) provided by a nationally recognized 
overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal 
service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized 
overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) 
above, respectively.

     Section 5.02 Governing Law. This Debenture shall be deemed to be made 
under and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Florida without giving effect to the principals of conflict of laws 
thereof. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of the U.S. 
District Court sitting in the Southern District of the State of Florida or 
the state courts of the State of Florida sitting in Palm Beach County, 
Florida in connection with any dispute arising under this Debenture and 
hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection, 
including any objection based on forum non conveniens to the bringing of 
any such proceeding in such jurisdictions.

     Section 5.03 Compliance with Securities Laws on Transfer. This 
Debenture and the shares of Common Stock underlying this Debenture 
(collectively, the Securities) may not be transferred or assigned in 
whole or in part without compliance with applicable federal and state 
securities laws by the transferor and the transferee (including, without 
limitation, the delivery of investment representation letters and legal 
opinions reasonably satisfactory to the Company).

     Section 5.04 Severability. The invalidity of any of the provisions of 
this Debenture shall not invalidate or otherwise affect any of the other 
provisions of this Debenture, which shall remain in full force and effect.

     Section 5.05 Entire Agreement and Amendments. This Debenture 
represents the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no representations, 
warranties or commitments, except as set forth herein and therein. This 
Debenture may be amended only by an instrument in writing executed by the 
parties hereto.

     Section 5.06 Counterparts. This Debenture may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which shall be 
deemed to constitute on instrument.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Section 5.07 Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be 
mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and 
deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a 
mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or 
destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this 
Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of 
evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the 
ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

     Section 5.08 Principal and interest under this Debenture are payable 
only to the registered holder of this Debenture. The initial holder is the 
Holder. If the Debenture is to be transferred by the holder, the holder 
shall surrender the Debenture to the Company, together with written 
instructions directing the Company to reissue the Debenture to the 
transferee. The Company shall then record the identity of the transferee in 
its books and reissue the Debenture to the transferee. Any transfer of this 
Debenture that is not made in conformity with the foregoing procedures 
shall not be valid and shall not be recognized by the Company.

     Section 5.09 The Holder or any subsequent holder agrees that the 
holder shall submit a certificate to the Company on a periodic basis 
certifying, under penalties of perjury, that the beneficial owner is not a 
U.S. person, or in the case of an individual, that the holder is not a 
citizen or resident of the United States, and setting forth the name and 
address of the beneficial owner. Said certification shall be made on forms 
prescribed by the United States Internal Revenue Service for this purpose 
(presently, Form W-8BEN). If the information on the foregoing certification 
changes, the beneficial owner hereof shall so inform the maker within five 
(5) business days.

[SIGNATURE FOLLOWS ON NEXT PAGE]

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, with the intent to be legally bound hereby, the 
Company has executed this Debenture as of the date first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	IMPERIAL HOLDINGS, LLC
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Antony Mitchell   	 
  	  	Name:   	Antony Mitchell  	 
  	  	Title:   	CEO  	 
 

6