 EX-10.4 7 dex104.htm FORM OF WARRANT


 
Exhibit 10.4


THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE, HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
SECURITIES ACT); OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE 
SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN 
THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE 
SHARES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE SECURITIES ACT. 
ANY SUCH TRANSFER MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND THE LAWS OF OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTIONS.



COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT


For the Purchase of              Shares
of Common Stock, $0.001 par value
of


SINGLE TOUCH INTERACTIVE, INC.
A Nevada Corporation


For value received,              (the Holder), or assigns, is entitled 
to, on or before the date specified below on which this Common Stock 
Purchase Warrant (the Warrant) expires, but not thereafter, to subscribe 
for, purchase and receive the number of fully paid and non-assessable 
shares of common stock set forth above, $0.001 par value (the Common 
Stock), of Single Touch interactive, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the 
Company), at the price of $0.01 per share (the Exercise Price), upon 
presentation and surrender of this Warrant and upon payment by bank check 
of the Exercise Price for such shares of Common Stock to the Company at the 
principal office of the Company.


1. Exercise of Warrant. This Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part, 
from time to time, commencing on the date hereof (the Issue Date) and 
expiring on the fifth (5th) anniversary date hereof, by presentation and 
surrender hereof to the Company, with the Exercise Form annexed hereto duly 
executed and accompanied by payment by bank check of the Exercise Price for 
the number of shares specified in such form, together with all federal and 
state taxes applicable upon such exercise, if any. If this Warrant should 
be exercised in part only, the Company shall, upon surrender of this 
Warrant for cancellation, execute and deliver a new Warrant evidencing the 
right of the Holder to purchase the balance of the shares purchasable 
hereunder. Upon receipt by the Company of this Warrant and the Exercise 
Price at the office of the Company, in proper form for exercise, the Holder 
shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon such exercise, notwithstanding that certificates representing 
such shares of Common Stock shall not then be actually delivered to the 
Holder. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be 
exercised at or before 5:00 P.M., Pacific Time, on the expiration date 
specified above, this Warrant shall become void and without further force 
or effect, and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.


2. Rights of the Holder. Prior to exercise of this Warrant, the Holder 
shall not, by virtue hereof, be entitled to any rights of a shareholder in 
the Company, either at law or equity, and the rights of the Holder are 
limited to those expressed in this Warrant and are not enforceable against 
the Company except to the extent set forth herein.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
3. Adjustment in Number of Shares.

(A) Adjustment for Reclassifications. In case at any time, or from time to 
time, after the Issue Date the holders of the Common Stock of the Company 
(or any shares of stock or other securities at the time receivable upon the 
exercise of this Warrant) shall have received, or, on or after the record 
date fixed for the determination of eligible stockholders, shall have 
become entitled to receive, without payment therefore, other or additional 
stock or other securities or property (including cash) by way of 
stock-split, spin-off, reclassification, combination of shares or similar 
corporate rearrangement (exclusive of any stock dividend of its or any 
subsidiarys capital stock), then and in each such case the Holder(s) of 
this Warrant, upon the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1, shall be 
entitled to receive the amount of stock and other securities and property 
which such Holder(s) would hold on the date of such exercise if on the 
Issue Date they had been the holder of record of the number of shares of 
Common Stock of the Company called for on the face of this Warrant and had 
thereafter, during the period from the Issue Date, to and including the 
date of such exercise, retained such shares and/or all other or additional 
stock and other securities and property receivable by them as aforesaid 
during such period, giving effect to all adjustments called for during such 
period. In the event of a declaration of a dividend payable in shares of 
any equity security of a subsidiary of the Company, then the Company may 
cause to be issued a warrant to purchase shares of the subsidiary 
(Springing Warrant) in an amount equal to such number of shares of the 
subsidiarys securities to which the Holders would have been entitled, but 
conditioned upon the exercise of this Warrant as a prerequisite to 
receiving the shares issuable pursuant to the Springing Warrant.


(B) Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger. In ease of any 
reorganization of the Company (or any other corporation the stock or other 
securities of which are at the time receivable on the exercise of this 
Warrant) alter the Issue Date, or in case, after such date, the Company (or 
any such other corporation) shall consolidate with or merge into another 
corporation or convey all or substantially all of its assets to another 
corporation, then and in each such case the Holder(s) of this Warrant, upon 
the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1, at any time after the 
consummation of such reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance, 
shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of the stock or other securities and 
property receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to such 
consummation, the stock or other securities or property to which such 
Holder(s) would be entitled had the Holders exercised this Warrant 
immediately prior thereto, all subject to further adjustment as provided 
herein; in each such case, the terms of this Warrant shall be applicable to 
the shares of stock or other securities or property receivable upon the 
exercise of this Warrant after such consummation.


4. Officers Certificate. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant or the Exercise Price shall be 
adjusted as required by the provisions hereof, the Company shall forthwith 
file in the custody of its Secretary at its principal office, an officers 
certificate showing the adjusted number of shares of Common Stock or 
Exercise Price determined as herein provided and setting forth in 
reasonable detail the facts requiring such adjustment. Each such officers 
certificate shall be made available at all reasonable times for inspection 
by the Holder(s) and the Company shall, forthwith after each such 
adjustment, deliver a copy of such certificate to the Holder(s). Such 
certificate shall be conclusive as to the correctness of such adjustment.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
5. Restrictions on Transfer. Certificates For the shares of Common Stock to 
be issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall bear the following legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES 
ACT), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, 
OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE 
ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SHARES 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE SECURITIES ACT. ANY SUCH 
TRANSFER MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND THE LAWS OF OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTIONS.


The Holder, by acceptance hereof, agrees that, absent an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Act), covering the disposition of this Warrant or the Common Stock issued 
or issuable upon exercise hereof, such Holder(s) will not sell or transfer 
any or all of this Warrant or such Common Stock without first providing the 
Company with an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company 
to the effect that such sale or transfer will be exempt from the 
registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Act. The Holder 
agrees that the certificates evidencing the Warrant and Common Stock which 
will be delivered to the Holder by the Company shall hear substantially the 
following legend: The Holder of this Warrant, at the time all or a portion 
of such Warrant is exercised, agrees to make such written representations 
to the Company as counsel for the Company may reasonably request, in order 
that the Company may be reasonably satisfied that such exercise of the 
Warrant and consequent issuance of Common Shares will not violate the 
registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Act, or other 
applicable stale securities laws.


6. Loss or Mutilation. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory 
to it (in the exercise of reasonable discretion) of the ownership of and 
the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Warrant and (in the case 
of loss, theft or destruction) of indemnity satisfactory to it (in the 
exercise of reasonable discretion), and (in the case of mutilation) upon 
surrender and cancellation thereof, the Company will execute and deliver in 
lieu thereof a new Warrant of like tenor.


7. Reservation of Common Stock. The Company shall at all times reserve and 
keep available for issue upon the exercise of the Warrants such number of 
its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock as will be sufficient to 
permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants.


8. Notices. All notices and other communications from the Company to the 
Holder of this Warrant shall be mailed by first class registered or 
certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address furnished to the Company in 
writing by the Holder.


9. Change; Waiver. Neither this Warrant nor any term hereof may be changed, 
waived, discharged or terminated orally but only by an instrument in 
writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the change, 
waiver, discharge or termination is sought.


10. Law Governing. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in 
accordance with and governed by the laws of California.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed by its 
duly authorized officer on July __, 2007.
 
SINGLE TOUCH INTERACTIVE, INC.
 
 By:
  	
 
  	

  Anthony G. Macaluso

  	

  President & Chief Executive Officer

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Form to be used to exercise Warrant:
 
TO: SINGLE TOUCH INTERACTIVE, INC. 	  	DATE:                             


The undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to exercise the within Warrant 
and to purchase                              shares of the Common Stock of 
the Company called for thereby, and hereby makes payment by cashiers check 
of $         (at the rate of $0.01 per share of the Common Stock) in 
payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the shares of 
the Common Stock as to which this Warrant is exercised to:


                             
                             
                            


and if said number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by 
the within Warrant Certificate, issue a new Warrant Certificate for the 
balance remaining of such Warrants to at the address stated above.
 

 By:                                                                       
                           

 Print Name:                                                               
                   