 EX-10.1 2 a10-20955_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
EMPLOYMENT AND NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT
 
This EMPLOYMENT AND NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made as of 
the 4th day of November, 2010, to be effective November 4, 2010, by and 
between James Mead (Executive) and SL Green Realty Corp., a Maryland 
corporation with its principal place of business at 420 Lexington Avenue, 
New York, New York 10170 (the Employer).
 
1.             Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on November 
4, 2010 and, unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 6 below, 
shall terminate on December 31, 2013 (the Current Term); provided, 
however, that Sections 4 and 8 (and any enforcement or other procedural 
provisions hereof affecting Sections 4 and 8) hereof shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement as provided therein.  The Current Term shall 
automatically be extended for successive six-month periods (each, a 
Renewal Term), unless either party gives the other party at least three 
months written notice of non-renewal.  In addition, in the event that 
Executive has given notice of non-renewal of the term of this Agreement, 
the Employer, at its sole option and discretion, may nevertheless extend 
the Current Term or a Renewal Term by ninety (90) days (the Extension 
Period), upon written notice to Executive at least one hundred and twenty 
(120) days before the end of the Current Term or such Renewal Term, as 
applicable.  The period of Executives employment hereunder consisting of 
the Current Term, all Renewal Terms, if any, and the Extension Period, if 
any, is herein referred to as the Employment Period.
 
2.             Employment and Duties.
 
    (a)           Duties.  During the Employment Period, Executive shall be
    employed in the business of the Employer and its affiliates.  Executive
    shall serve the Employer as a non-officer employee until December 1,
    2010, and thereafter shall serve the Employer as a senior corporate
    executive and shall have the title of Executive Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer of the Employer.  Executive will report to the
    Chief Executive Officer of the Employer, or, at the direction of the
    Chief Executive Officer, to the President.  Executives duties and
    authority shall be those as would normally attach to Executives
    position as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
    including such duties and responsibilities as are customary among
    persons employed in similar capacities for similar companies, and as
    set forth in the By-laws of the Employer and as otherwise established
    from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Employer (the
    Board) and the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer, but in all
    events such duties shall be commensurate with his position as Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Employer.
     
    (b)           Best Efforts.  Executive agrees to his employment as
    described in this Section 2 and agrees to devote substantially all of
    his business time and efforts to the performance of his duties under
    this Agreement, except as otherwise approved by the Board; provided,
    however, that nothing herein shall be interpreted to preclude
    Executive, so long as there is no material interference with his duties
    hereunder, from (i) participating as an officer or director of, or
    advisor to, any charitable or other tax-exempt organizations or
    otherwise engaging in charitable, fraternal or trade group activities;
    (ii) investing and managing his assets as an investor in other entities
    or business ventures; provided that he performs no management or
    similar role (or, in the case of investments other than those in
    entities or business ventures engaged in the Business (as defined in
    Section 8), he performs a management role comparable to the role that a
    significant limited partner would have, but performs no day-to-day
    management or similar role) with respect to such entities or ventures
    and such investment does not violate Section 8 hereof; and provided,
     
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    further, that, in any case in which another party involved in the
    investment has a material business relationship with the Employer,
    Executive shall give prior written notice thereof to the Board; or
    (iii) serving as a member of the board of directors of a for-profit
    corporation with the approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the
    Employer.
     
    (c)           Travel.  In performing his duties hereunder, Executive
    shall be available for all reasonable travel as the needs of the
    Employers business may require.  Executive shall be based in New York
    City or Westchester County, or within 50 miles of Manhattan but not in
    New Jersey or Long Island.
     
3.             Compensation and Benefits.  In consideration of Executives 
services hereunder, the Employer shall compensate Executive as provided in 
this Agreement.
 
    (a)           Base Salary.  The Employer shall pay Executive an
    aggregate minimum annual salary at the rate of $500,000 per annum
    through the end of the Employment Period (Base Salary).  Base Salary
    shall be payable bi-weekly in accordance with the Employers normal
    business practices.  Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Board or
    Compensation Committee of the Board at least annually.
     
    (b)           Sign-on Bonus.  For services to be rendered during the
    Current Term, Executive shall receive a bonus of $300,000 (the Sign-on
    Bonus), payable in cash on December 31, 2010; provided Executive
    remains employed by the Employer on such date.  In the event that
    Executives employment is terminated for any reason before the date on
    which Executive relocates his family to the New York City metropolitan
    area, Executive agrees to repay to the Employer an amount equal to 60%
    of the Sign-on Bonus multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
    is the number of days from the date on which Executives employment
    terminates to and including July 31, 2011 and the denominator of which
    is 270.  This repayment shall be made no later than 30 days following
    the effective date of such termination.
     
    (c)           Incentive Compensation/Bonuses.  In addition to Base
    Salary, with respect to fiscal year 2011 and thereafter during the
    Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for and shall receive,
    upon approval of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, such
    discretionary annual bonuses as the Employer, in its sole discretion,
    may deem appropriate to reward Executive for job performance; provided,
    however, that the annual bonus awarded to Executive for 2011 shall be
    at least $500,000.  In addition, Executive shall be eligible to
    participate in any other bonus or incentive compensation plans in
    effect with respect to senior executive officers of the Employer, as
    the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, in its sole
    discretion, may deem appropriate to reward Executive for job
    performance.
     
    (d)           Outperformance Plan Award.  Upon signing this Agreement,
    Employer shall cause SL Green Operating Partnership, L.P. to grant
    Executive an award pursuant to the SL Green Realty Corp. 2010 Notional
    Unit Long-Term Compensation Plan (the 2010 Outperformance Plan) of
    4,483.95 Notional Units with a Participation Percentage equal to 1.33%.
     It is expressly understood that, with respect to the awards made to
    Executive pursuant to the 2010 Outperformance Plan, the provisions of
    the 2010 Outperformance Plan, as amended from time to time, and not the
    provisions of this Agreement shall govern in accordance with their
    terms, except: (i) to the extent the provisions of this Agreement are
    specifically referred to or incorporated into the 2010 Outperformance
    Plan and (ii) as specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    (e)           Stock Options.  As determined by the Board or
    Compensation Committee of the Board, in its sole discretion, Executive
    shall be eligible to participate in the Employers then current Stock
    Option and Incentive Plan, which authorizes the grant of stock options
    and stock awards of the Employers common stock (Common Stock) and
    other equity-based awards or any successor thereto (any such plan being
    referred to herein as the Plan).
     
    (f)            Other Equity Awards.  As of the dates specified on 
    Exhibit A hereto, the Employer will grant 15,000 shares of restricted
    stock with time-based vesting and 7,500 restricted stock units with
    performance-based vesting to Executive, in accordance with definitive
    documentation which is consistent with the terms summarized on Exhibit
    A hereto and which is otherwise consistent with the Employers general
    practices for documentation contemplated by the Plan.
     
    (g)           Extension Period Compensation.  During the Extension
    Period, if any, in lieu of the compensation set forth in Sections
    3(a)-(e) above for such period, the Employer shall pay Executive a
    salary (Extension Period Salary) during such period in cash, at a per
    annum rate equal to the sum of the following: (i) Executives Base
    Salary during the prior fiscal year; (ii) any annual cash bonus earned
    by Executive for the prior fiscal year; and (iii) the value of that
    portion of Executives full value equity awards granted on or after the
    date hereof which vested during the prior fiscal year.  For the
    avoidance of doubt, the term full value equity awards does not
    include stock options or grants under the 2010 Outperformance Plan or
    any future outperformance plan.  The value of the full value equity
    awards in the foregoing clause (iii) shall be equal to the Fair Market
    Value of such securities as of the vesting date.  For purposes of the
    foregoing, Fair Market Value of a security on a particular date means
    (i) if the securities are then listed on a national securities
    exchange, the closing sales price of such security on the principal
    national securities exchange on which such securities are listed on
    such date (or, if such date is not a trading day, on the last trading
    day preceding such date ), (ii) if the securities are not then listed
    on a national securities exchange but are then traded on an
    over-the-counter market, the average of the closing bid and asked
    prices for such securities in such over-the-counter market for such
    date (or, if there were no sales on such date in such market, on the
    last preceding date on which there was a sale of such Shares in such
    market, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board), or
    (iii) if the securities are not then listed on a national securities
    exchange or traded on an over-the-counter market, such value as the
    Compensation Committee of the Board in its discretion may in good faith
    determine; provided that, where the securities are so listed or traded,
    the Compensation Committee of the Board may make such discretionary
    determinations where the Shares have not been traded for 10 trading
    days.  Extension Period Salary shall be payable bi-weekly in accordance
    with the Employers normal business practices, except that if the
    annual cash bonus for Executive for the prior fiscal year has not yet
    been determined as of any bi-weekly payment date, the portion of the
    Extension Period Salary for such bi-weekly period that is based on such
    annual cash bonus shall be paid promptly after the amount of such bonus
    is determined.
     
    (h)           Expenses.  Executive shall be reimbursed for all
    reasonable business related expenses incurred by Executive at the
    request of or on behalf of the Employer, provided that such expenses
    are incurred and accounted for in accordance with the policies and
    procedures established by the Employer.  Any expenses incurred during
    the Employment Period but not reimbursed by the Employer by the end of
    the Employment Period, shall remain the obligation of the Employer to
    so reimburse Executive.
     
    (i)            Health and Welfare Benefit Plans.  During the Employment
    Period, Executive and Executives immediate family shall be entitled to
    participate in such health and welfare
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    benefit plans as the Employer shall maintain from time to time for the
    benefit of senior executive officers of the Employer and their
    families, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in such
    plan.  Nothing in this Section shall limit the Employers right to
    change or modify or terminate any benefit plan or program as it sees
    fit from time to time in the normal course of business so long as it
    does so for all senior executives of the Employer.
     
    (j)            Vacations.  Executive shall be entitled to paid
    vacations in accordance with the then regular procedures of the
    Employer governing senior executive officers.
     
    (k)           Other Benefits.  During the Employment Period, the
    Employer shall provide to Executive such other benefits, as generally
    made available to other senior executives of the Employer; provided
    that it is acknowledged that the Employers Chief Executive Officer and
    Chairman may be provided with additional benefits not made available to
    Executive.
     
    (l)            Timing of Expense Reimbursement.  All in-kind benefits
    provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement
    must be provided by the Employer or incurred by Executive during the
    time periods set forth in this Agreement.  All reimbursements shall be
    paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any
    reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following
    the taxable year in which the expense was incurred.  The amount of
    in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one
    taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or
    the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. 
    Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to
    liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
     
4.             Indemnification and Liability Insurance.  The Employer 
agrees to indemnify Executive to the extent permitted by applicable law, as 
the same exists and may hereafter be amended, from and against any and all 
losses, damages, claims, liabilities and expenses asserted against, or 
incurred or suffered by, Executive (including the costs and expenses of 
legal counsel retained by the Employer to defend Executive and judgments, 
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or 
imposed on such indemnified party) with respect to any action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal administrative or investigative in 
which Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party, either 
with regard to his entering into this Agreement with the Employer or in his 
capacity as an officer or director, or former officer or director, of the 
Employer or any affiliate thereof for which he may serve in such capacity.  
The Employer also agrees to secure and maintain officers and directors 
liability insurance providing coverage for Executive. The provisions of 
this Section 4 shall remain in effect after this Agreement is terminated 
irrespective of the reasons for termination.
 
5.             Employers Policies.  Executive agrees to observe and comply 
with the reasonable rules and regulations of the Employer as adopted by the 
Board and the Chief Executive Officer from time to time regarding the 
performance of his duties and communicated to Executive, and to carry out 
and perform orders, directions and policies communicated to him from time 
to time by the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, so long as same are 
otherwise consistent with this Agreement.
 
6.             Termination.  Executives employment hereunder may be 
terminated under the following circumstances:
 
    (a)           Termination by the Employer.
     
        (i)            Death.  Executives employment hereunder shall
        terminate upon his death.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (ii)           Disability.  If, as a result of Executives
        incapacity due to physical or mental illness or disability,
        Executive shall have been incapable of performing his duties
        hereunder even with a reasonable accommodation on a full-time basis
        for the entire period of four consecutive months or any one hundred
        and twenty (120) days in a one hundred and eighty day (180-day)
        period, and within thirty (30) days after written Notice of
        Termination (as defined in Section 6(d)) is given he shall not have
        returned to the performance of his duties hereunder on a full-time
        basis, the Employer may terminate Executives employment hereunder.
         
        (iii)          Cause.  The Employer may terminate Executives
        employment hereunder for Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,
        Cause shall mean Executives:  (A) engaging in conduct which is a
        felony; (B) material breach of any of his obligations under
        Sections 8(a) through 8(e) of this Agreement; (C) willful
        misconduct of a material nature or gross negligence with regard to
        the Employer or any of its affiliates; (D) material fraud with
        regard to the Employer or any of its affiliates; (E) willful or
        material violation of any reasonable written rule, regulation or
        policy of the Employer applicable to senior executives unless such
        a violation is cured within thirty (30) days after written notice
        of such violation by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer; or
        (F) failure to competently perform his duties which failure is not
        cured within thirty (30) days after receiving notice from the
        Employer specifically identifying the manner in which Executive has
        failed to perform (it being understood that, for this purpose, the
        manner and level of Executives performance shall not be determined
        based on the financial performance (including without limitation
        the performance of the stock) of the Employer).  For clarity,
        conduct shall not be considered willful with respect to any
        action taken or not taken based on the advice of the Companys
        inside or outside legal counsel.
         
        (iv)          Without Cause.  Executives employment hereunder may
        be terminated by the Employer at any time with or without Cause (as
        defined in Section 6(a)(iii) above), by the Chief Executive Officer
        of the Employer or a majority vote of all of the members of the
        Board upon written notice to Executive, subject only to the
        severance and other payment provisions specifically set forth in
        Section 7.
         
    (b)           Termination by Executive.
     
        (i)            Disability.  Executive may terminate his employment
        hereunder for Disability within the meaning of Section 6(a)(ii)
        above.
         
        (ii)           With Good Reason.  Executives employment hereunder
        may be terminated by Executive with Good Reason by written notice
        to the Board providing at least ten (10) days notice prior to such
        termination.  For purposes of this Agreement, termination with
        Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of one of the following
        events within sixty (60) days prior to such termination:
         
            (A)          a material change in duties, responsibilities,
            status or positions with the Employer that does not represent a
            promotion from or maintaining of Executives duties,
            responsibilities, status or positions, except in connection
            with the termination of Executives employment for Cause,
            disability, retirement or death;
 
            (B)           a failure by the Employer to pay compensation
            when due in
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            accordance with the provisions of Section 3, which failure has
            not been cured within twenty (20) business days after the
            notice of the failure (specifying the same) has been given by
            Executive to the Employer;
             
            (C)           a material breach by the Employer of any
            provision of this Agreement, which breach has not been cured
            within thirty (30) days after notice of noncompliance
            (specifying the nature of the noncompliance) has been given by
            Executive to the Employer;
             
            (D)          the Employers requiring Executive to be based in
            an office not meeting the requirements of the last sentence of
            Section 2(c);
             
            (E)           a reduction by the Employer in Executives Base
            Salary to less than the minimum Base Salary set forth in
            Section 3(a);
             
            (F)           the failure by the Employer to continue in effect
            an equity award program or other substantially similar program
            under which Executive is eligible to receive awards;
             
            (G)           a material reduction in Executives benefits
            under any benefit plan (other than an equity award program)
            compared to those currently received (other than in connection
            with and proportionate to the reduction of the benefits
            received by all or most senior executives or undertaken in
            order to maintain such plan in compliance with any federal,
            state or local law or regulation governing benefits plans,
            including, but not limited to, the Employee Retirement Income
            Security Act of 1974, which shall not constitute Good Reason
            for the purposes of this Agreement); or
             
            (H)          the failure by the Employer to obtain from any
            successor to the Employer an agreement to be bound by this
            Agreement pursuant to Section 15 hereof, which has not been
            cured within thirty (30) days after the notice of the failure
            (specifying the same) has been given by Executive to the
            Employer.
             
        (iii)          Without Good Reason.  Executive shall have the right
        to terminate his employment hereunder without Good Reason, subject
        to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
         
    (c)           Definitions.  The following terms shall be defined as set
    forth below.
     
        (i)            A Change-in-Control shall be deemed to have
        occurred if:
         
            (A)          any Person, together with all affiliates and
            associates (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
            Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)) of such
            Person, shall become the beneficial owner (as such term is
            defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
            indirectly, of securities of the Employer representing 25% or
            more of either (1) the combined voting power of the Employers
            then outstanding securities having the right to vote in an
            election of the Board (Voting Securities) or (2) the then
            outstanding shares of all classes of stock of the Employer (in
            either such case other than as a result of the acquisition of
            securities directly from the Employer); or
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            (B)           the members of the Board at the beginning of any
            consecutive 24-calendar-month period commencing on or after the
            date hereof (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason
            other than due to death to constitute at least a majority of
            the members of the Board; provided that any director whose
            election, or nomination for election by the Employers
            stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of
            the Incumbent Directors, shall be deemed to be an Incumbent
            Director; or
             
            (C)           there is consummated (1) any consolidation or
            merger of the Employer or any subsidiary that would result in
            the Voting Securities of the Employer outstanding immediately
            prior to such merger or consolidation representing (either by
            remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
            securities of the surviving entity) less than 50% of the total
            voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity
            outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or
            ceasing to have the power to elect at least a majority of the
            board of directors or other governing body of such surviving
            entity or (2) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in
            one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or
            arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially
            all of the assets of the Employer, if the shareholders of the
            Employer and unitholders of SL Green Operating Partnership,
            L.P. taken as a whole and considered as one class immediately
            before such transaction own, immediately after consummation of
            such transaction, equity securities and partnership units
            possessing less than 50 percent of the surviving or acquiring
            company and partnership taken as a whole; or
             
            (D)          the stockholders of the Employer shall approve any
            plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the
            Employer.
             
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change-in-Control shall not be
        deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (A)
        solely as the result of an acquisition of securities by the
        Employer which, by reducing the number of shares of stock or other
        Voting Securities outstanding, increases (x) the proportionate
        number of shares of stock of the Employer beneficially owned by any
        Person to 25% or more of the shares of stock then outstanding or
        (y) the proportionate voting power represented by the Voting
        Securities beneficially owned by any Person to 25% or more of the
        combined voting power of all then outstanding Voting Securities;
        provided, however, that if any Person referred to in clause (x) or
        (y) of this sentence shall thereafter become the beneficial owner
        of any additional stock of the Employer or other Voting Securities
        (other than pursuant to a share split, stock dividend, or similar
        transaction), then a Change-in-Control shall be deemed to have
        occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (A).
         
        (ii)           Person shall have the meaning used in Sections
        13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided however, that the
        term Person shall not include (A) Executive or (B) the Employer,
        any of its subsidiaries, or any trustee, fiduciary or other person
        or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the
        Employer or any of its subsidiaries.  In addition, no
        Change-in-Control shall be deemed to have occurred under clause
        (i)(A) above by virtue of a group (as such term is used in
        Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becoming a beneficial
        owner as described in such clause, if any individual or entity
        described in clause (A) or (B) of the foregoing sentence is a
        member of such group.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (d)           Notice of Termination.  Any termination of Executives
    employment by the Employer or by Executive (other than on account of
    death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the
    other party hereto in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement. 
    For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a
    notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this
    Agreement relied upon and, as applicable, shall set forth in reasonable
    detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for
    termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated.
     Executives employment shall terminate as of the effective date set
    forth in the Notice of Termination (the Termination Date), which date
    shall not be more than thirty (30) days after the date of the Notice of
    Termination.  For avoidance of doubt, a notice of non-renewal pursuant
    to Section 1 shall not be considered a Notice of Termination.
     
7.             Compensation Upon Termination; Change-in-Control.
 
    (a)           Termination By Employer Without Cause or By Executive
    With Good Reason.  If, during the Employment Period (i) Executive is
    terminated by the Employer without Cause pursuant to Section 6(a)(iv)
    above, or (ii) Executive shall terminate his employment hereunder with
    Good Reason pursuant to Section (6)(b)(ii) above, then the Employment
    Period shall terminate as of the Termination Date, Executive shall be
    entitled to receive his earned and accrued but unpaid Base Salary on
    the Termination Date, and Executive shall also be entitled to the
    following payments and benefits in lieu of any further compensation for
    periods subsequent to the Termination Date, subject, in the case of the
    following items, to (1) Executives execution of a mutual release
    agreement with the Employer in form and substance reasonably
    satisfactory to Executive and the Employer, whereby, in general, each
    party releases the other from all claims such party may have against
    the other party (other than (A) claims against the Employer relating to
    the Employers obligations under this Agreement, including without
    limitation, Executives rights to indemnification and D&O insurance
    coverage and to vested benefits under any employee benefit plan of the
    Employer or any affiliate of the Employer in which Executive
    participates, and certain other specified agreements arising in
    connection with or after Executives termination, including, without
    limitation, Employers obligations hereunder to provide severance
    payments and benefits and accelerated vesting of equity awards and (B)
    claims against Executive relating to or arising out of any act of
    fraud, intentional misappropriation of funds, embezzlement or any other
    action with regard to the Employer or any of its affiliated companies
    that constitutes a felony under any federal or state statute committed
    or perpetrated by Executive during the course of Executives employment
    with the Employer or its affiliates, in any event, that would have a
    material adverse effect on the Employer, or any other claims that may
    not be released by the Employer under applicable law) (the Release
    Agreement), which the Employer shall execute within five (5) business
    days after such execution by Executive, and (2) the effectiveness and
    irrevocability of the Release Agreement with respect to Executive
    within thirty (30) days after the Termination Date (with the 30th day
    after the Termination Date being referred to herein as the Release
    Effectiveness Date):
     
        (i)            Promptly following the Release Effectiveness Date,
        but no later than the regular payroll payment date for the period
        in which the Release Effectiveness Date occurs (the Payment
        Date), Executive shall receive a prorated annual cash bonus equal
        to (A) the Average Annual Cash Bonus (as defined below) multiplied
        by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in
        the fiscal year in which Executives employment terminates through
        the Termination Date (and the number of days in the prior fiscal
        year, in the event that Executives annual cash bonus for such year
        had not been determined as of the Termination Date) and the
        denominator of which is 365.  The Average Annual Cash Bonus shall
        mean (i) if the termination occurs prior to the date on
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        which Executives annual cash bonus for 2011 is determined,
        $500,000; (ii) if the termination occurs on or after the date on
        which Executives annual cash bonus for 2011 is determined but
        prior to the date on which Executives annual cash bonus for 2012
        is determined, then the annual cash bonus (including any portion of
        the annual cash bonus paid in the form of shares of Common Stock,
        stock units or other equity awards, as determined at the time of
        grant by the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its sole
        discretion, and reflected in the minutes or consents of the
        Compensation Committee of the Board relating to the approval of
        such equity awards, but excluding any annual or other equity awards
        made other than as payment of a cash bonus and excluding
        Executives Sign-on Bonus) (the Total Annual Cash Bonus) earned
        by Executive for 2011 (but not less than $500,000); and (iii) in
        all other cases, the average of the Total Annual Cash Bonuses
        earned by Executive in respect of the two most recently completed
        fiscal years for which the amount of the annual cash bonus has been
        determined.
         
        (ii)           Executive shall receive as severance pay, in a
        single payment on the Payment Date, an amount in cash equal to the
        sum of (A) the Executives average annual Base Salary in effect
        during the twenty-four (24) months immediately prior to the
        Termination Date (or, if shorter, the full period of time during
        which Executive has been employed by the Employer) (the Average
        Annual Base Salary), and (B) the Average Annual Cash Bonus.
         
        (iii)          Executive shall continue to receive all benefits
        described in Section 3(i) existing on the Termination Date for a
        period of twelve (12) months after the Termination Date, subject to
        the terms and conditions upon which such benefits may be offered to
        continuing senior executives from time to time.  For purposes of
        the application of such benefits, Executive shall be treated as if
        he had remained in the employ of the Employer with a Base Salary at
        the rate in effect on the date of termination.  Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, (A) nothing in this Section 7(a)(iii) shall restrict the
        ability of the Employer to amend or terminate the plans and
        programs governing the benefits described in Section 3(i) from time
        to time in its sole discretion so long as it does so for all senior
        executives of the Employer, and (B) the Employer shall in no event
        be required to provide any benefits otherwise required by this
        Section 7(a)(iii) after such time as Executive becomes entitled to
        receive benefits of the same type from another employer or
        recipient of Executives services (such entitlement being
        determined without regard to any individual waivers or other
        similar arrangements):
         
        (iv)          Any unvested shares of restricted stock, restricted
        stock units or other equity-based awards (i.e., shares, units or
        other awards then still subject to restrictions under the
        applicable award agreement) granted to Executive by the Employer
        shall not be forfeited on the Termination Date and shall become
        vested (i.e., free from such restrictions), and any unexercisable
        or unvested stock options granted to Executive by the Employer
        shall not be forfeited on the Termination Date and shall become
        vested and exercisable, on the Release Effectiveness Date.  Any
        unexercised stock options granted to Executive by the Employer
        shall remain exercisable until the second January 1 to follow the
        Termination Date or, if earlier, the expiration of the initial
        applicable term stated at the time of the grant.  For avoidance of
        doubt, the provisions of this Section 7(a)(iv) shall not apply to
        grants made under the 2010 Outperformance Plan, which shall be
        governed by its terms as in effect from time to time.
         
        (v)           In the event such termination occurs in connection
        with or within eighteen (18) months after a Change-in-Control then,
        in addition to the payments and
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        benefits set forth above (or, as specifically cited below, in lieu
        of such payments and benefits): (A) in lieu of the severance
        payment set forth in Section 7(a)(ii), Executive shall receive as
        severance pay, in a single payment on the Release Effectiveness
        Date, an amount in cash equal to two (2.0) times the sum of (I) the
        Average Annual Base Salary and (II) the Average Annual Cash Bonus;
        (B) the continuation of benefits provided for in the first sentence
        of Section 7(a)(iii) above shall be extended from twelve (12)
        months to twenty-four (24) months, but shall otherwise be subject
        to the terms of Section 7(a)(iii); and (C) neither Executive nor
        the Employer shall be required to execute the Release Agreement and
        all references throughout to the Release Effectiveness Date shall
        refer to the Termination Date.
         
    Other than as may be provided under Section 4 or as expressly provided
    in this Section 7(a) or Section 7(e), the Employer shall have no
    further obligations hereunder following such termination.
     
    (b)           Termination By the Employer For Cause or By Executive
    Without Good Reason.  If, during the Employment Period, (i) Executive
    is terminated by the Employer for Cause pursuant to Section 6(a)(iii)
    above, or (ii) Executive voluntarily terminates his employment
    hereunder without Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(b)(iii) above, then
    the Employment Period shall terminate as of the Termination Date and
    Executive shall be entitled to receive his earned and accrued but
    unpaid Base Salary on the Termination Date, but, for avoidance of
    doubt, shall not be entitled to any annual cash bonus for the year in
    which the termination occurs, severance payment, continuation of
    benefits or acceleration of vesting or extension of exercise period of
    any equity awards, except as otherwise provided in the documentation
    applicable to such equity awards.  Other than as may be provided under
    Section 4 or as expressly provided in this Section 7(b) or Section
    7(e), the Employer shall have no further obligations hereunder
    following such termination.
     
    (c)           Termination by Reason of Death.     If Executives
    employment terminates due to his death during the Employment Period,
    Executives estate (or a beneficiary designated by Executive in writing
    prior to his death) shall be entitled to the following payments and
    benefits:
     
        (i)            On the Termination Date, Executives estate (or a
        beneficiary designated by Executive in writing prior to his death)
        shall receive an amount equal to any earned and accrued but unpaid
        Base Salary and a prorated annual cash bonus (equal to the Average
        Annual Cash Bonus multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
        is the number of days in the fiscal year in which Executives
        employment terminates through the date of Executives death (and
        the number of days in the prior fiscal year, in the event that
        Executives annual cash bonus for such year had not been determined
        as of the date of Executives death) and the denominator of which
        is 365).
         
        (ii)           Executives estate (or a beneficiary designated by
        Executive in writing prior to his death) shall be credited with
        twelve (12) months service after termination under any provisions
        governing restricted stock, restricted stock units, options or
        other equity-based awards granted to Executive by the Employer
        relating to the vesting or initial exercisability thereof, and, if
        such twelve (12) months of credit would fall within a vesting
        period, a pro rata portion of the unvested shares of restricted
        stock, restricted stock units or other equity-based awards granted
        to Executive by the Employer that otherwise would have become
        vested upon the conclusion of such vesting period (assuming, if
        applicable, the attainment of any required performance goals) shall
        become vested on the date of Executives termination due to his
        death, and a pro rata portion of
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        the unexercisable stock options granted to Executive by the
        Employer that otherwise would have become exercisable upon the
        conclusion of such vesting period (assuming, if applicable, the
        attainment of any required performance goals) shall become
        exercisable on the date of Executives termination due to such
        death; provided that any unvested or unexercisable restricted
        stock, restricted stock units, options or other equity-based awards
        that were granted as payment of a cash bonus, as determined at the
        time of grant by the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its
        sole discretion, and reflected in the minutes or consents of the
        Compensation Committee of the Board relating to the approval of
        such equity awards, shall become fully vested and exercisable on
        the date of Executives death.  For avoidance of doubt, the
        provisions of this Section 7(c)(ii) shall not apply to (1) grants
        made under the 2010 Outperformance Plan, which shall be governed by
        their terms as in effect from time to time and (2) option grants
        made under the SL Green Realty Corp. Second Amended and Restated
        2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time
        (the 2005 Plan), which options shall become fully vested and
        exercisable on the date of Executives termination due to such
        death in accordance with their terms as currently in effect. 
        Furthermore, upon such death, any vested unexercised stock options
        granted to Executive by the Employer shall remain vested and
        exercisable until the earlier of (A) the date on which the term of
        such stock options otherwise would have expired, or (B) the second
        January 1 after the date of Executives termination due to his
        death.
     
    Other than as may be provided under Section 4 or as expressly provided
    in this Section 7(c) or Section 7(e), the Employer shall have no
    further obligations hereunder following such termination.
     
    (d)           Termination by Reason of Disability.  In the event that
    Executives employment terminates during the Employment Period due to
    his disability as defined in Section 6(a)(ii) above, Executive shall be
    entitled to receive his earned and accrued but unpaid Base Salary on
    the Termination Date and Executive shall be entitled to the following
    payments and benefits in lieu of any further compensation for periods
    subsequent to the Termination Date, subject to (1) Executives
    execution of the Release Agreement, which Release Agreement the
    Employer shall execute within five (5) business days after such
    execution by Executive, and (2) the effectiveness and irrevocability of
    the Release Agreement with respect to Executive within thirty (30) days
    after the Termination Date:
     
        (i)            On the Payment Date, Executive shall receive a
        prorated annual cash bonus equal to the Average Annual Cash Bonus
        multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
        days in the fiscal year in which Executives employment terminates
        through the Termination Date (and the number of days in the prior
        fiscal year, in the event that Executives annual cash bonus for
        such year had not been determined as of the Termination Date) and
        the denominator of which is 365.
         
        (ii)           Executive shall receive as severance pay, in a
        single payment on the Payment Date, an amount in cash equal to the
        sum of (A) the Average Annual Base Salary and (B) the Average
        Annual Cash Bonus.
         
        (iii)          Executive shall continue to receive all benefits
        described in Section 3(i) existing on the Termination Date for a
        period of thirty-six (36) months after the Termination Date,
        subject to the terms and conditions upon which such benefits may be
        offered to continuing senior executives from time to time.  For
        purposes of the application of such benefits, Executive shall be
        treated as if he had remained in the
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        employ of the Employer with a Base Salary at the rate in effect on
        the date of termination.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A)
        nothing in this Section 7(d)(iii) shall restrict the ability of the
        Employer to amend or terminate the plans and programs governing the
        benefits described in Section 3(i) from time to time in its sole
        discretion so long as it does so for all senior executives of the
        Employer, and (B) the Employer shall in no event be required to
        provide any benefits otherwise required by this Section 7(d)(iii)
        after such time as Executive becomes entitled to receive benefits
        of the same type from another employer or recipient of Executives
        services (such entitlement being determined without regard to any
        individual waivers or other similar arrangements).
         
        (iv)          Executive shall be credited with twelve (12) months
        of service after termination under any provisions governing
        restricted stock, restricted stock units, options or other
        equity-based awards granted to Executive by the Employer relating
        to the vesting or initial exercisability thereof and, if such
        twelve (12) months of credit would fall within a vesting period, a
        pro rata portion of the unvested shares of restricted stock,
        restricted stock units or other equity-based awards granted to
        Executive by the Employer that otherwise would have become vested
        upon the conclusion of such vesting period (assuming, if
        applicable, the attainment of any required performance goals) shall
        become vested on the Release Effectiveness Date, and a pro rata
        portion of the unvested or unexercisable stock options granted to
        Executive by the Employer that otherwise would have become vested
        or exercisable upon the conclusion of such vesting period
        (assuming, if applicable, the attainment of any required
        performance goals) shall become vested and exercisable on the
        Release Effectiveness Date; provided that any unvested or
        unexercisable restricted stock, restricted stock units, options or
        other equity-based awards that were granted as payment of a cash
        bonus, as determined at the time of grant by the Compensation
        Committee of the Board, in its sole discretion, and reflected in
        the minutes or consents of the Compensation Committee of the Board
        relating to the approval of such equity awards shall become fully
        vested and exercisable on the Release Effectiveness Date.  Any
        vested unexercised stock options granted to Executive by the
        Employer shall remain vested and exercisable until the earlier of
        (A) the date on which the term of such stock options otherwise
        would have expired, or (B) the second January 1 after the
        Termination Date.  For avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this
        Section 7(d)(iv) shall not apply to (1) grants made under the 2010
        Outperformance Plan, which shall be governed by its terms as in
        effect from time to time and (2) option grants made under the 2005
        Plan, which options shall become fully vested and exercisable on
        the date of Executives termination due to such disability in
        accordance with their terms as currently in effect.
         
    Other than as may be provided under Section 4 or as expressly provided
    in this Section 7(d) or Section 7(e), the Employer shall have no
    further obligations hereunder following such termination.
     
    (e)           Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions to the
    contrary and without regard to any release requirement, Executive (or
    his estate, as applicable) shall be entitled to (i) receive payment for
    any already accrued but unused vacation days and any unreimbursed
    expenses already incurred on behalf of the Employer (to the extent
    consistent with the Employers expense reimbursement policies absent a
    termination), (ii) retain any already vested stock options or any other
    already vested equity-based compensation (subject, in each case, to the
    terms of the underlying option or equity award agreement and plan
    (including, without limitation, any provision of an option providing
    for its expiration upon or within a certain number of days following
    termination)), and (iii) retain any vested rights in any 401(k) plans
    in which he
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    participated during his employment, in the case of each of (i)-(iii)
    above, as of the Termination Date.  Nothing in this Section 7 shall be
    construed to limit any rights Executive may have to elect to continue
    his health coverage pursuant to 29 U.S.C. § 1161 et seq. (commonly
    known as COBRA).
 
8.             Confidentiality; Prohibited Activities.  Executive and the 
Employer recognize that due to the nature of his employment and 
relationship with the Employer, Executive has access to and develops 
confidential business information, proprietary information, and trade 
secrets relating to the business and operations of the Employer.  Executive 
acknowledges that (i) such information is valuable to the business of the 
Employer, (ii) disclosure to, or use for the benefit of, any person or 
entity other than the Employer, would cause irreparable damage to the 
Employer, (iii) the principal businesses of the Employer are the 
acquisition, development, management, leasing or financing of any office 
real estate property, including without limitation the origination of 
first-mortgage and mezzanine debt or preferred equity financing for real 
estate projects throughout the United States (collectively, the 
Business), (iv) the Employer is one of the limited number of persons who 
have developed a business such as the Business, and (v) the Business is 
national in scope.  Executive further acknowledges that his duties for the 
Employer include the duty to develop and maintain client, customer, 
employee, and other business relationships on behalf of the Employer; and 
that access to and development of those close business relationships for 
the Employer render his services special, unique and extraordinary.  In 
recognition that the goodwill and business relationships described herein 
are valuable to the Employer, and that loss of or damage to those 
relationships would destroy or diminish the value of the Employer, and in 
consideration of the compensation (including severance) arrangements 
hereunder, and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by Executive, Executive agrees 
as follows:
 
    (a)           Confidentiality.  During the term of this Agreement
    (including any renewals), and at all times thereafter, Executive shall
    maintain the confidentiality of all confidential or proprietary
    information of the Employer (Confidential Information), and, except
    in furtherance of the business of the Employer or as specifically
    required by law or by court order, he shall not directly or indirectly
    disclose any such information to any person or entity; nor shall he use
    Confidential Information for any purpose except for the benefit of the
    Employer.  For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information
    includes, without limitation:  client or customer lists, identities,
    contacts, business and financial information (excluding those of
    Executive prior to employment with Employer); investment strategies;
    pricing information or policies, fees or commission arrangements of the
    Employer; marketing plans, projections, presentations or strategies of
    the Employer; financial and budget information of the Employer; new
    personnel acquisition plans; and all other business related information
    which has not been publicly disclosed by the Employer.  This
    restriction shall apply regardless of whether such Confidential
    Information is in written, graphic, recorded, photographic, data or any
    machine-readable form or is orally conveyed to, or memorized by,
    Executive.  For the avoidance of doubt, Section 8(a) shall not
    interfere with Executives rights to retain copies of any documents or
    data relating to Executives compensation and benefits (including,
    without limitation, copies of this Employment Agreement, and side
    letters and any documents relating to any of Executives equity-based
    award rights or other compensation and benefits) and/or discuss same
    with Executives advisors or immediate family (in each case, on a
    confidential basis).
     
    (b)           Prohibited Activities.  Because Executives services to
    the Employer are essential and because Executive has access to the
    Employers Confidential Information, Executive covenants and agrees
    that, so long as the Employer has not materially breached its
    obligations to Executive under this Agreement (or, in the event such
    breach has occurred, the Employer has cured such breach or such breach
    only occurred following a material breach by Executive of his
    obligations under this Agreement):
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
        (i)            during the Employment Period, and for the six month
        period following the termination of Executive by either party for
        any reason, Executive will not, anywhere in the United States,
        without the prior written consent of the Board which shall include
        the unanimous consent of the Directors other than any other officer
        of the Employer, directly or indirectly (individually, or through
        or on behalf of another entity as owner, partner, agent, employee,
        consultant, or in any other capacity), engage, participate or
        assist, as an owner, partner, employee, consultant, director,
        officer, trustee or agent, in any element of the Business, subject,
        however, to Section 8(c) below; provided, however, that, if the
        Employment Period terminates upon or after the scheduled expiration
        of the term of this Agreement (including any renewals or
        extensions) without any early termination under Section 6, the
        restrictions of this Section 8(b)(i) shall apply for three months
        (rather than six months) following the termination of Executives
        employment; and
         
        (ii)           during the Employment Period, and during (x) in the
        case of clause (A) below, the 24-month period following the
        termination of Executive by either party for any reason (including
        the expiration of the term of the Agreement) other than a
        termination in connection with or within eighteen (18) months after
        a Change-in-Control that constitutes a termination either by the
        Employer without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason, or (y) the
        one-year period following such termination in the case of clause
        (B) below, Executive will not, without the prior written consent of
        the Board which shall include the unanimous consent of the
        Directors who are not officers of the Employer, directly or
        indirectly (individually, or through or on behalf of another entity
        as owner, partner, agent, employee, consultant, or in any other
        capacity), (A) solicit, encourage, or engage in any activity to
        induce any employee of the Employer to terminate employment with
        the Employer, or to become employed by, or to enter into a business
        relationship with, any other person or entity, or (B) engage in any
        activity intentionally to interfere with, disrupt or damage the
        Business of the Employer, or its relationships with any client,
        supplier or other business relationship of the Employer.  For
        purposes of this subsection, the term employee means any
        individual who is an employee of or consultant to the Employer (or
        any affiliate) during the six-month period prior to Executives
        last day of employment.
         
    (c)           Other Investments/Activities.  Notwithstanding anything
    contained herein to the contrary, Executive is not prohibited by this
    Section 8 from making investments (i) expressly disclosed to the
    Employer in writing before the date hereof; (ii) solely for investment
    purposes and without participating in the business in which the
    investments are made, in any entity that engages, directly or
    indirectly, in the acquisition, development, construction, operation,
    management, financing or leasing of office real estate properties,
    regardless of where they are located, if (x) Executives aggregate
    investment in each such entity constitutes less than one percent of the
    equity ownership of such entity, (y) the investment in the entity is in
    securities traded on any national securities exchange, and (z)
    Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which
    controls, such entity; or (iii) if such investment is made in (A)
    assets other than Competing Properties or (B) any entity other than one
    that is engaged, directly or indirectly, in the acquisition,
    development, construction, operation, management, financing or leasing
    of Competing Properties.  For purposes of this Agreement, a Competing
    Property means an office real estate property:  (i) located outside of
    New York City, unless the property (A) is not an appropriate investment
    opportunity for the Employer, (B) is not directly competitive with the
    Businesses of the Employer and (C) has a fair market value at the time
    Executives investment is made of less than $25 million, or (ii)
    located in New York City.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (d)           Employer Property.  Executive acknowledges that all
    originals and copies of materials, records and documents generated by
    him or coming into his possession during his employment by the Employer
    are the sole property of the Employer (Employer Property).  During
    his employment, and at all times thereafter, Executive shall not
    remove, or cause to be removed, from the premises of the Employer,
    copies of any record, file, memorandum, document, computer related
    information or equipment, or any other item relating to the business of
    the Employer, except as required by law or legal process or in
    furtherance of his duties under this Agreement.  When Executive
    terminates his employment with the Employer, or upon request of the
    Employer at any time, Executive shall promptly deliver to the Employer
    all originals and copies of Employer Property in his possession or
    control and shall not retain any originals or copies in any form,
    except that Executive may retain a copy of his Rolodex or other similar
    contact list.  For the avoidance of doubt, Section 8(d) shall not
    interfere with Executives rights to retain copies of any documents or
    data relating to Executives compensation and benefits (including,
    without limitation, copies of this Employment Agreement, and side
    letters and any documents relating to any of Executives equity-based
    award rights or other compensation and benefits) and/or discuss same
    with Executives advisors or immediate family (in each case, on a
    confidential basis).
     
    (e)           No Disparagement.  For one (1) year following termination
    of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall not
    intentionally disclose or cause to be disclosed any negative, adverse
    or derogatory comments or information about (i) the Employer and its
    parent, affiliates or subsidiaries, if any; (ii) any product or service
    provided by the Employer and its parent, affiliates or subsidiaries, if
    any; or (iii) the Employers and its parents, affiliates or
    subsidiaries prospects for the future.  For one (1) year following
    termination of Executives employment for any reason, the Employer
    shall not disclose or cause to be disclosed any negative, adverse or
    derogatory comments or information about Executive.  Nothing in this
    Section shall prohibit either the Employer or Executive from testifying
    truthfully in any legal or administrative proceeding or otherwise
    truthfully responding to any other request for information or testimony
    that Executive is legally required to respond to, or making any legally
    required disclosures, and/or discussing any of the above with the
    Companys legal advisors or Executives legal advisors on a
    confidential basis.
     
    (f)            Remedies.  Executive declares that the foregoing
    limitations in Sections 8(a) through 8(e) above are reasonable and
    necessary for the adequate protection of the business and the goodwill
    of the Employer.  If any restriction contained in this Section 8 shall
    be deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by reason of the
    extent, duration or scope thereof, or otherwise, then the court making
    such determination shall have the right to reduce such extent,
    duration, scope, or other provisions hereof to make the restriction
    consistent with applicable law, and in its reduced form such
    restriction shall then be enforceable in the manner contemplated
    hereby.  In the event that Executive breaches any of the promises
    contained in this Section 8, Executive acknowledges that the Employers
    remedy at law for damages will be inadequate and that the Employer will
    be entitled to specific performance, a temporary restraining order or
    preliminary injunction to prevent Executives prospective or continuing
    breach and to maintain the status quo.  The existence of this right to
    injunctive relief, or other equitable relief, or the Employers
    exercise of any of these rights, shall not limit any other rights or
    remedies the Employer may have in law or in equity, including, without
    limitation, the right to arbitration contained in Section 9 hereof and
    the right to compensatory and monetary damages.  Executive hereby
    agrees to waive his right to a jury trial with respect to any action
    commenced to enforce the terms of this Agreement.  Executive shall have
    remedies comparable to those of the Employer as set forth above in this
    Section 8(f) if the Employer breaches Section 8(e).
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (g)           Transition.  Regardless of the reason for his departure
    from the Employer, Executive agrees that at the Employers sole costs
    and expense, for a period of not more than thirty (30) days after
    termination of Executive, he shall take all steps reasonably requested
    by the Employer to effect a successful transition of client and
    customer relationships to the person or persons designated by the
    Employer, subject to Executives obligations to his new employer.
     
    (h)           Cooperation with Respect to Litigation.  During the
    Employment Period and at all times thereafter, Executive agrees to give
    prompt written notice to the Employer of any formally asserted claim
    relating to the Employer and to cooperate fully, in good faith and to
    the best of his ability with the Employer in connection with any and
    all pending, potential or future claims, investigations or actions
    which directly or indirectly relate to any action, event or activity
    about which Executive has or is reasonably believed by the Employer to
    have direct material knowledge in connection with or as a result of his
    employment by the Employer hereunder, provided that Executive is not
    waiving any legal rights he may have.  Such cooperation will include
    all assistance that the Employer, its counsel or its representatives
    may reasonably request, including reviewing documents, meeting with
    counsel, providing factual information and material, and appearing or
    testifying as a witness; provided, however, that the Employer will
    reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses, including travel,
    lodging and meals, and reasonable legal fees and expenses (except to
    the extent that legal representation is provided by the Employer at the
    Employers expense) incurred by him in fulfilling his obligations under
    this Section 8(h) and, except as may be required by law or by court
    order, should Executive then be employed by an entity other than the
    Employer, such cooperation will not materially interfere with
    Executives then current employment or his efforts to obtain new
    employment.  In addition, for all time that Executive reasonably
    expends at the request of the Employer in  cooperating with the Company
    pursuant to this Section 8(h) when Executive is no longer employed by
    the Employer, the Employer shall compensate Executive at a per diem
    rate equal to the sum of (A) Base Salary in Executives last fiscal
    year of employment during the Employment Period plus (B) Executives
    actual annual cash bonus for the last full fiscal year of employment
    during the Employment Period for which such a bonus was determined,
    divided by 220; provided that Executives right to such compensation
    shall not apply to time spent in activities that could have been
    compelled pursuant to a subpoena, including testimony and related
    attendance at depositions, hearings or trials.
     
    (i)            Survival.  The provisions of this Section 8 and any
    other provisions relating to the enforcement thereof shall survive
    termination of Executives employment.
     
9.             Arbitration.  Any controversy or claim arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement (other than a 
controversy or claim arising under Section 8, to the extent necessary for 
the Employer (or its affiliates, where applicable) to avail itself of the 
rights and remedies referred to in Section 8(f)) that is not resolved by 
Executive and the Employer (or its affiliates, where applicable) shall be 
submitted to arbitration in New York, New York in accordance with New York 
law and the procedures of the American Arbitration Association.  The 
determination of the arbitrator(s) shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Employer (or its affiliates, where applicable) and Executive and judgment 
may be entered on the arbitrator(s) award in any court having 
jurisdiction.
 
10.           Conflicting Agreements.  Executive hereby represents and 
warrants that the execution of this Agreement and the performance of his 
obligations hereunder will not breach or be in conflict with any other 
agreement to which he is a party or is bound, and that he is not now 
subject to any covenants against competition or similar covenants which 
would affect the performance of his obligations hereunder.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11.           Notices.  All notices or other communications required or 
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered 
by hand and or sent by prepaid telex, cable or other electronic devices or 
sent, postage prepaid, by registered or certified mail or telecopy or 
overnight courier service and shall be deemed given when so delivered by 
hand, telexed, cabled or telecopied, or if mailed, three (3) days after 
mailing (one (1) business day in the case of express mail or overnight 
courier service), as follows:
 
 (a)
if to Executive:
  
 
  
James Mead, at the address shown on the execution page hereof
  
 
  
With a copy to
  
 
  
Brian T. Foley, Esq.
  
Brian Foley & Company, Inc.
  
1 North Broadway
  
White Plains, NY 10601
  
 
 (b)
if to the Employer:
  
 
  
SL Green Realty Corp.
  
420 Lexington Avenue
  
New York, New York 10170
  
Attn: General Counsel
  
 
  
With a copy to:
  
 
  
Goodwin Procter LLP
  
Exchange Place
  
Boston, Massachusetts 02109
  
Attention: Daniel P. Adams
             
    or such other address as either party may from time to time specify by
    written notice to the other party hereto.
     
12.           Amendments.  No amendment, modification or waiver in respect 
of this Agreement shall be effective unless it shall be in writing and 
signed by the party against whom such amendment, modification or waiver is 
sought.
 
13.           Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement (or any 
portion thereof) or the application of any such provision (or any portion 
thereof) to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such 
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other 
provision hereof (or the remaining portion hereof) or the application of 
such provision to any other persons or circumstances.
 
14.           Withholding.  The Employer shall be entitled to withhold from 
any payments or deemed payments any amount of tax withholding it determines 
to be required by law.
 
15.           Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of both parties and their respective successors 
and assigns, including any corporation with which or into
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
which the Employer may be merged or which may succeed to its assets or 
business, provided, however, that the obligations of Executive are personal 
and shall not be assigned by him.  This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by Executives personal and legal 
representatives, executors, administrators, assigns, heirs, distributees, 
devisees and legatees.
 
16.           Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when one or more such  counterparts have been 
signed by each of the parties and  delivered to the other party.
 
17.           Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable 
to agreements made and to be performed entirely within  such State, without 
regard to the conflicts of law principles of such State.
 
18.           Choice of Venue.  Subject to the provisions of Section 9, 
Executive agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York or the Supreme Court 
of the State of New York, New York County, for the purpose of any action to 
enforce any of the terms of this Agreement.
 
19.           Parachutes.
 
    (a)   Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if all or
    any portion of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement
    (including without limitation any accelerated vesting and any other
    payment or benefit received in connection with a Change-in-Control or
    the termination of Executives employment), or any other payments and
    benefits which Executive receives or is entitled to receive under any
    plan, program, arrangement or other agreement, whether from the
    Employer or an affiliate of the Employer, or any combination of the
    foregoing, would constitute an excess parachute payment within the
    meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
    amended (the Code) (whether or not under an existing plan,
    arrangement or other agreement) (each such parachute payment, a
    Parachute Payment), and would result in the imposition on Executive
    of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code or any successor
    thereto, then the following provisions shall apply:
     
        (i)            If the Parachute Payment, reduced by the sum of (1)
        the Excise Tax and (2) the total of the federal, state, and local
        income and employment taxes payable by Executive on the amount of
        the Parachute Payment which are in excess of the Threshold Amount,
        are greater than or equal to the Threshold Amount, Executive shall
        be entitled to the full benefits payable under this Agreement.
         
        (ii)           If the Threshold Amount is less than (x) the
        Parachute Payment, but greater than (y) the Parachute Payment
        reduced by the sum of (1) the Excise Tax and (2) the total of the
        federal, state, and local income and employment taxes on the amount
        of the Parachute Payment which are in excess of the Threshold
        Amount, then the Parachute Payment shall be reduced (but not below
        zero) to the extent necessary so that the sum of all Parachute
        Payments shall not exceed the Threshold Amount.  In such event, the
        Parachute Payment shall be reduced in the following order:  (1)
        cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (2) cash
        payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (3) equity-based
        payments and acceleration; and (4) non-cash forms of benefits.  To
        the extent any payment is to be made over time (e.g., in
        installments, etc.), then the payments shall be reduced in reverse
        chronological order.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (b)   For the purposes of this Section 19, Threshold Amount shall
    mean three times Executives base amount within the meaning of
    Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code and the regulations promulgated
    thereunder less one dollar ($1.00); and Excise Tax shall mean the
    excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, and any interest or
    penalties incurred by Executive with respect to such excise tax.
     
    (c)   The determination as to which of the alternative provisions of
    Section 19(a) shall apply to Executive shall be made by a certified
    public accounting firm of national reputation reasonably selected by
    the Employer.  Executive and the Employer shall provide the accounting
    firm with all information which any accounting firm reasonably deems
    necessary in computing the Threshold Amount. For purposes of
    determining which of the alternative provisions of Section 19(a) shall
    apply, Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the
    highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to
    individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be
    made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of
    individual taxation in the state and locality of Executives residence
    on the Termination Date, net of the maximum reduction in federal income
    taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local
    taxes.  Any determination by the accounting firm shall be binding upon
    the Employer and the Executive.
     
20.           Section 409A.
 
    (a)   Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at
    the time of Executives separation from service within the meaning of
    Section 409A of the Code, the Employer determines that Executive is a
    specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
    the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that Executive
    becomes entitled to under this Agreement on account of Executives
    separation from service would be considered deferred compensation
    subject to the 20 percent additional tax imposed pursuant to Section
    409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section
    409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and
    such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier
    of (A) six (6) months and one day after Executives separation from
    service, or (B) Executives death.  If any such delayed cash payment is
    otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall
    include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have
    been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this
    provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in
    accordance with their original schedule.  Any payments delayed pursuant
    to this Section 20(a) shall bear interest during the period of such
    delay at the simple rate of 5% per annum.
     
    (b)   The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in
    accordance with Section 409A of the Code.  To the extent that any
    provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with
    Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner
    so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
    The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably
    requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with
    Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order
    to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without
    additional cost to either party.
 
    (c)   To the extent that any payment or benefit described in this
    Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under
    Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment or
    benefit is payable upon the Executives termination of employment, then
    such payments or benefits shall be payable only upon the Executives
    separation from service.  The determination of whether and when a
    separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with
    the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (d)   The Employer makes no representation or warranty and shall have
    no liability to Executive or any other person if any provisions of this
    Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to
    Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the
    conditions of, such Section.
     
21.           Entire Agreement.  This Agreement (including, without limit, 
any attached exhibits thereto and any equity and award agreements referred 
to herein or therein) contains the entire agreement and understanding 
between the parties hereto with  respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior  agreements and understandings relating to such 
subject matter.  The parties hereto shall not be liable or bound to any 
other party in any manner by any representations, warranties or covenants 
relating to such subject matter except as specifically set forth herein.
 
22.           Section Headings.  Section headings used in this Agreement 
are included for convenience of reference only and will not affect the 
meaning of any provision of this Agreement.
 
23.           Board Approval.  The Employer represents that the Board (or 
the Compensation Committee thereof) has approved the economic terms of this 
Agreement.
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Employment and Noncompetition Agreement is entered 
into as of the date and year first written above.
 
 
SL GREEN REALTY CORP.
 
 
 
By:
 /s/ Marc Holliday
 
 
Name:
Marc Holliday
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
                             
EXECUTIVE:
 
 /s/ James Mead
 
Name: James Mead
 
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
RESTRICTED STOCK
 
Restricted Stock (Time-Based Vesting)
 
  1.  Plan:  SL Green Realty Corp. Second Amended and Restated 2005 Stock
  Option and Incentive Plan (the Plan)
   
  2.  Grant Date: Signing date of this Agreement
   
  3.  Total Number of Shares:  15,000
   
  4.  Dividends will be paid on all 15,000 shares whether vested or not.
   
  5.  Vesting:  Subject to acceleration as set forth in the Agreement, the
  shares of restricted stock shall vest, if and as employment continues, at
  the times (each, a Vesting Date) and in the amounts set forth below:
 
Vesting Date
 
Number of Shares
 
 December 31, 2011
 
5,000
 
 December 31, 2012
 
5,000
 
 December 31, 2013
 
5,000
 
 
Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based Vesting)
 
1.  Plan:  The Plan
 
2.  Grant Date: Signing date of this Agreement
 
  3.  Total Number of Units:  7,500
   
  4.  Dividend equivalents shall be credited on each restricted stock unit
  at the dividend payment date as though each restricted stock unit was, as
  of the applicable record date for such dividend, an outstanding share of
  Common Stock.  Dividend equivalents so credited will be paid in cash if
  and when the underlying Units become vested.
   
  5.  Form of Payment of Units:  Shares of Common Stock
   
  6.  Vesting:  Subject to acceleration as set forth in the Agreement, the
  restricted stock units shall vest (subject to clauses (i) and (ii)
  below), if and as employment continues, at the times (each, a Vesting
  Date) and in the amounts set forth below:
 
Vesting Date
 
Number of Shares
 
 December 31, 2011
 
2,500
 
 December 31, 2012
 
2,500
 
 December 31, 2013
 
2,500
 
   
The performance criteria applicable to the restricted stock units subject 
to this Paragraph 5 are as follows:
 
        (i)                                     Such restricted stock units
        shall vest in the applicable year if the Employer achieves either
        (A) a 7% per year increase in funds from operations on a per-share
        of Common Stock of the Employer basis or (B) a 7% per year stock
        price appreciation on each share of Common Stock outstanding during
        the entire period, in each case, during the fiscal year ending on
        the applicable Vesting Date.
 
A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (ii)                                  If, with respect to the
        number of restricted stock units noted after each Vesting Date, the
        performance criteria set forth in paragraph (i) above are not
        achieved in the fiscal year immediately preceding the applicable
        Vesting Date, but are achieved on a cumulative basis beginning with
        2011, and, in each case, ending with the fiscal year ending on the
        applicable Vesting Date, then, if and as employment continues
        through such subsequent Vesting Date, the performance criteria will
        be met for such restricted stock units as of such subsequent
        Vesting Date.  Any units subject to this Paragraph 5 that have not
        vested as of the last Vesting Date shall be forfeited.
         
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the performance criteria set forth in 
paragraph (i) above for a particular year (or on a cumulative basis as set 
forth in paragraph (ii) above) are not met, but the Employers percentage 
stock price appreciation or increase in funds from operations on a 
per-share of Common Stock of the Employer basis is in the top one-third of 
its peer group companies (as to be determined for such year by the 
committee administering the Plan, in its sole discretion) for such year (or 
years on a cumulative basis beginning with 2011), then the performance 
criteria shall be deemed to have been met for such year.
 
A-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------