 EX-10.13 4 v1499573_ex10-13.htm
AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO WARRANT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 2 (the Amendment) dated November 9, 2010 to that 
certain Warrant Subscription Agreement (the Agreement) dated July 9, 2010 
as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Warrant Subscription Agreement dated 
October 8, 2010, each by and between FlatWorld Acquisition Corp., a British 
Virgin Islands business company (the Company), having its principal place 
of business at Palm Grove House, Palm Grove Park, Road Town, Tortola, 
VG1110, British Virgin Islands, and FWAC Holdings Limited, a British Virgin 
Islands company incorporated with limited liability (the Sponsor), having 
its principal place of business at PO Box 4649, Palm Grove House, Palm 
Grove Park, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.  All 
capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning ascribed 
to them in the Agreement.

Pursuant to Section 12.3 of the Agreement, the Company and the Sponsor 
hereby agree to amend the Agreement, effective on the date hereof, as 
follows:

1.  AMENDMENTS TO THE AGREEMENT.  

(a)
Recitals.  The first recital is hereby amended and restated in its entirety 
as follows:

      WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell on a private placement basis
      (the Offering) an aggregate of 2,414,990 warrants (the Warrants)
      of the Company for a purchase price of $0.50 per Warrant.  Each
      Warrant is exercisable to purchase one ordinary share of the Company,
      no par value (the Ordinary Shares), at an exercise price of $11.00
      per Ordinary Share during the period commencing on the later of: (i)
      one (1) year from the date of the prospectus relating to the
      Companys IPO (as defined below) and (ii) thirty (30) days following
      the consummation of an acquisition, share exchange, share
      reconstruction and amalgamation or contractual control arrangement
      with, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any
      other similar business transaction with one or more operating
      businesses or assets (a Business Transaction) and expiring on the
      fifth anniversary of the consummation of such Business Transaction.

(b)
Section 1.1.  Section 1.1 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as 
follows:

      Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement,
      Sponsor hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company
      hereby agrees to sell to the Sponsor, on the Closing Date (as defined
      in Section 1.2), the Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of
      $1,207,495 (the Purchase Price).

(c)
Section 1.2.  Section 1.2 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as 
follows:






------------------------------------------------------------------------


      The closing (the Closing) of the Offering, shall take place at the
      offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, 150 East 42nd Street, New
      York, New York, 10017, on or prior to the effective date of the
      registration statement relating to the Companys initial public
      offering (IPO) of 2,000,000 units consisting of Ordinary Shares and
      warrants (the Closing Date).


2.  MUTUAL DRAFTING.  This Amendment is the joint product of the Company 
and the Sponsor and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual 
consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be 
construed for or against any party hereto.


3.  NO OTHER AMENDMENTS; GOVERNING LAW; COUNTERPARTS.  Except as 
specifically set forth in this Amendment, there are no other amendments to 
the Agreement and the Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force 
and effect.  This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the British Virgin Islands.  This 
Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts.  In the event that 
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of 
electronic delivery, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an 
original thereof.
.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment to the 
Agreement as of the date first set forth above.



                              FlatWorld Acquisition Corp.


                              By: /s/ Raj K. Gupta___________
                                   Name:  Raj K. Gupta
                                   Title: Chief Executive Officer



                              FWAC Holdings Limited


                              By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Valenty­­­_______
     
     Name: Jeffrey A. Valenty
     
     Title: Chief Financial Officer








