 EX-10.1 2 a10-20720_2ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
SEPARATION AGREEMENT
 
This Separation Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into on this 10th 
day of November, 2010, by and among Morningstar Associates, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (the Company), Morningstar, Inc., an Illinois 
corporation and the sole member of the Company (the Parent), and Patrick 
Reinkemeyer (the Executive).
 
WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed as the President of the 
Company and an executive officer of the Parent; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and the Executive desire to set forth herein 
their mutual agreement with respect to the matters addressed herein, 
including matters pertaining to the Executives cessation of his employment 
and positions with the Company and Parent, certain other matters pertaining 
to the Executives consulting relationship with the Company and Parent  
following the Executives cessation of employment and the Executives 
release of claims, all upon the terms set forth herein.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements 
contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Company, Parent and the Executive hereby agree as 
follows:
 
1.  Termination of Employment and Service.  As of December 15, 2010 (the 
Date of Termination), the Executive shall cease to be an employee and 
officer of the Parent and Company.
 
2.  Payment of Accrued Amounts; Accrued Benefits; Stock Options.  Not later 
than 30 days after the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay to the 
Executive all amounts, if any, due to the Executive for earned salary 
through the Date of Termination. Executives rights to receive benefits 
accrued or payable under the Companys employee benefit plans shall be 
governed by the terms of such plans. Stock options held by Executive and 
which have vested as of the Date of Termination shall remain exercisable in 
accordance with the terms of the Parents 2004 Stock Incentive Plan.  In 
addition, not later than 30 days after the Date of Termination, the Company 
shall reimburse the Executive in accordance with the Companys policies and 
procedures for all proper expenses incurred by the Executive in the 
performance of his duties through the Date of Termination.
 
3.  Post-Termination Benefits.
 
(a)  Severance Payments.  The Company shall pay to the Executive a cash 
payment in an aggregate gross amount equal to $2.2 million, consisting of 
an incentive bonus equal to $250,000 and a severance payment equal to 
$1,950,000 (collectively, the Severance Benefit).  The Severance Benefit 
shall be payable as follows: (i) $1.1 million of the Severance Benefit 
shall be paid in a lump sum cash payment no later than December 31, 2010; 
and (ii) the remaining $1.1 million of the Severance Benefit shall be 
payable over the period commencing on the first payroll date following 
January 1, 2011 and ending on the last payroll date immediately preceding 
December 31, 2011, with such amounts payable in substantially equal 
installments and in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)  Employee Benefits.  Provided that the Executive timely elects to 
receive continued coverage under the Companys group medical and dental 
plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 
1986, as amended (COBRA), the Company shall pay to the Executive, as an 
additional severance benefit, a cash payment equal to the difference 
between the cost of COBRA premiums and the cost of active employee premiums 
for 12 months of COBRA coverage, as calculated by the Company as of the 
Date of Termination.  Such payment shall constitute taxable income to the 
Executive and shall be paid in a lump sum prior to December 31, 2010. If 
the Executive is entitled to any benefit under the current terms and 
conditions of any employee benefit plan of the Parent or Company that is 
accrued and vested on the Date of Termination and that is not expressly 
referred to in this Agreement, such benefit shall be provided to the 
Executive in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee 
benefit plan.
 
(c)  Compliance with Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, if the Executive breaches the terms of this Agreement and the 
Executive does not cure such breach (if curable) within 30 days after 
receipt of written notice from the Company describing such breach, the 
Executive shall forfeit any and all rights to the post-termination payments 
made or to be made pursuant to this Section 3.
 
4.  Consulting Arrangement.
 
(a)  Consulting Services. The Parent and Company hereby agree to retain the 
Executive as a consultant, and the Executive hereby agrees to be retained 
by the Parent and Company, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
hereof for the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on 
the date that is twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination, 
unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 4 (such period, the 
Consulting Period).  During the Consulting Period, the Executive shall 
make himself available at mutually acceptable times to perform consulting 
services with respect to the businesses conducted by the Parent and 
Company; provided, however, that  such consulting services shall not exceed 
10 hours per month.  Subject to the prior approval of the Parent and in 
accordance with Section 19 of the Agreement, the Parent shall reimburse the 
Executive in accordance with the Parents policies and procedures for all 
proper expenses incurred by the Executive in the performance of his 
consulting duties during the Consulting Period. In accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, the Executive shall comply with reasonable 
requests for the Executives consulting services and shall devote his 
reasonable best efforts, skill and attention to the performance of such 
consulting services; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 4 
shall preclude Executive from accepting employment with or providing 
services to any other person or entity (provided such employment or 
services are not prohibited by Section 10 hereof) and Parent and Company 
agree that any consulting services requested hereunder shall not interfere 
with Executives employment or services.  The Executive shall take his 
direction as a consultant solely from the Parents Chief Executive Officer 
or the President of Parents Global Investment Management Division and 
shall not interact with any of the Parents or Companys other employees or 
directors in his capacity as a consultant, except to the extent he is 
directed to do so by the Chief Executive Officer.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)  Termination.  This Section 4 may be terminated at any time (i) by the 
Executive on 30 days prior written notice to the Parent and (ii) by the 
Parent upon written notice to the Executive.
 
5.  Federal and State Withholding.  The Company shall deduct from any 
compensation payable by the Company to the Executive the amount of all 
taxes required to be withheld under applicable law with respect to such 
payments.  For purposes of determining all applicable tax withholdings, any 
compensation recognized by the Executive upon the exercise of the 
Executives stock options in accordance with the terms of the Parents 2004 
Stock Incentive Plan and the amounts to be paid to Executive pursuant to 
Section 3  hereof shall be treated as wages subject to all applicable 
withholding requirements.
 
6.  Return of Parent and Company Property.  Promptly following the 
Termination Date (but in no event later than three business days following 
such date), the Executive shall return to the Parent all property of the 
Parent and Company in the Executives possession or under the Executives 
control, including but not limited to any office, computing or 
communications equipment; provided, however, Parent or the Company shall 
take reasonable efforts to transfer to Executive the right to continue to 
use the phone number for his Company-provided cellular phone.
 
7.  Release of Claims.
 
The Executive, on behalf of himself and anyone claiming through him, 
including, but not limited to, his past, present and future spouses, family 
members, relatives, agents, attorneys, representatives, heirs, executors 
and administrators, and the predecessors, successors and assigns of each of 
them, hereby releases and agrees not to sue the Company, Parent or any of 
their divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates, other related entities (whether 
or not such entities are wholly owned) or the owners, officers, directors, 
agents, attorneys or representatives thereof, or the predecessors, 
successors or assigns of each of them (hereinafter jointly referred to as 
the Company Released Parties), with respect to any and all known or 
unknown claims which the Executive now has, has ever had, or may in the 
future have, against any of the Company Released Parties for or related in 
any way to anything occurring from the beginning of time up to and 
including the date on which he signs this Agreement, including, without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and all claims which in any 
way result from, arise out of, or relate to, the Executives employment by 
any of the Company Released Parties or the termination of such employment, 
including, but not limited to, any and all claims for severance or 
termination payments under any agreement between the Executive and any of 
the Company Released Parties or any program or arrangement of any of the 
Company Released Parties or any claims that could have been asserted by the 
Executive or on his behalf against any of the Company Released Parties in 
any federal, state or local court, commission, department or agency under 
any fair employment, contract or tort law, or any other federal, state or 
local law, regulation or ordinance (as in effect or amended from time to 
time), including, without limitation, the Age Discrimination in Employment 
Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the 
Family and Medical Leave Act, or under any compensation, bonus, severance, 
retirement or other benefit plan; provided, however, that nothing contained 
in this Section 7 shall apply to, or release the Company or Parent from (i) 
any obligation contained in this Agreement, (ii) any
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
obligation which the Company or Parent may have to provide benefits to the 
Executive under any plans or programs of the Company or Parent which 
continue to be applicable to the Executive, except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement, (iii) any obligation which the Parent or the 
Company may have to indemnify the Executive pursuant to their articles of 
incorporation, by-laws, operating agreement or other governing documents or 
the 2005  indemnification agreement entered into with Executive;  or (iv) 
any obligation which the Company or Parent may have to provide coverage to 
the Executive pursuant to their director and officer insurance policy with 
respect to actions or omissions of the Executive during his service as an 
officer or director of the Company or Parent.  The Executive expressly 
represents and warrants that he has not filed or had filed on his behalf 
any claim against any of the Company Released Parties, and has not 
transferred or assigned any rights or causes of action that he might have 
against any of the Company Released Parties.
 
Executive represents that he has had the opportunity and time to consult 
with his own legal counsel concerning the provisions of this Agreement and 
that he has been given up to twenty-one (21) days from the date of the 
Companys signature as set forth below to consider this Agreement and 
determine whether to accept and sign this Agreement.  Following his 
acceptance and signing of this Agreement, Executive has seven (7) calendar 
days to revoke the Agreement by delivering notice of revocation to the 
Company in accordance with Section 13.
 
8.  Authority.  The Executive expressly represents and warrants that the 
Executive is the sole owner of the actual and alleged claims, demands, 
rights, causes of action and other matters that are released herein; that 
the same have not been transferred or assigned or caused to be transferred 
or assigned to any other person, firm, corporation or other legal entity; 
and that the Executive has the full right and power to grant, execute and 
deliver the general release, undertakings and agreements contained herein.
 
9.  Non-Admissions.  Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall be 
construed as an admission by the Parent or Company or any of the other 
Company Released Parties that any of them violated any law, interfered with 
any right, breached any obligation or otherwise engaged in any improper or 
illegal conduct.  The Company, Parent, and the other Company Released 
Parties expressly deny any such illegal or wrongful conduct.
 
10.  Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation.
 
(a)  The Executive agrees, on behalf of himself and his affiliates, that 
for a period of twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination, 
neither the Executive nor any of his affiliates will directly or indirectly 
(whether as principal, agent, independent contractor, partner, employee, 
consultant or otherwise) perform for any of the organizations set forth in 
Exhibit A attached hereto or any affiliates of such organizations, the same 
or substantially the same functions or job duties, with respect to 
competitive products or services, that the Executive performed for the 
Parent or Company; provided, however, that nothing set forth in this 
Section 10(a) shall prohibit the Executive or any of his affiliates from 
owning not in excess of 2% in the aggregate of any class of capital stock 
of any corporation if such stock is publicly traded and listed on any 
national or regional stock exchange. For purposes of this Section 10(a), a 
competing product or service is a product or service which replaces a 
product or service which is being provided by the Parent or Company as of 
the Date of Termination.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)  The Executive agrees, on behalf of himself and his affiliates, that 
for a period of twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination, 
neither the Executive nor any of his affiliates will directly or indirectly 
solicit, attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any person who is in the 
employ or service of the Parent, Company or any of their affiliates, or any 
of their respective consultants or independent contractors, to terminate 
his or her relationship with the Parent, Company or any of their affiliates 
(as the case may be) or become employed by the Executive, any of his 
affiliates, or any other person.
 
(c)  It is expressly understood and agreed that the restrictions contained 
in this Section 10 are reasonable and necessary to protect the business of 
the Parent, Company and their affiliates.  Accordingly, if a final judicial 
determination is made that the time, territory, scope or any other 
restriction contained in this Section 10 is unreasonable or otherwise 
unenforceable, neither this Agreement nor the provisions of this Section 10 
shall be rendered void, but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such 
maximum scope, time and territory and to such other extent as such court 
may judicially determine or indicate to be reasonable, or if the court or 
other governmental authority does not so determine or indicate, to the 
maximum extent which any pertinent statute or judicial decision may 
indicate to be a reasonable restriction under the circumstances involved, 
and as so modified, the restrictions contained in this Section shall be 
binding and enforceable.
 
(d)  The Executive agrees and acknowledges that remedies at law for any 
breach of his obligations under this Section 10 are inadequate and that in 
addition thereto the Parent, Company and their affiliates shall be entitled 
to seek equitable relief, including injunction and specific performance, in 
the event of any such actual or threatened breach.  The Executive 
acknowledges that the covenants set forth in this Section 10 are an 
essential element of this Agreement and that, but for the agreement of the 
Executive to comply with these covenants, the Parent and Company would not 
have entered into this Agreement.  The Executive acknowledges that this 
Section 10 constitutes an independent covenant and shall not be affected by 
performance or nonperformance of any other provision of this Agreement by 
the Parent or Company.
 
11.  Confidentiality; Assignment of Rights.
 
(a)  The Executive shall not disclose to anyone or make use of any trade 
secret or proprietary or confidential information of the Parent, Company 
and their affiliates, including such trade secret or proprietary or 
confidential information of any customer or other entity to which the 
Parent, the Company or one of their affiliates owes an obligation not to 
disclose such information, which the Executive acquired during the term of 
his employment by the Company, including but not limited to records kept in 
the ordinary course of business, except (i) when required to do so by a 
court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over 
the business of the Company or by any administrative or legislative body 
(including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order him to 
divulge, disclose or make accessible such information, or (ii) as to such 
confidential information that becomes generally known to the public or 
trade without violation of this Section 11.
 
(b)  The Executive hereby sells, assigns and transfers to the Company all 
of his right, title and interest in and to all inventions, discoveries, 
improvements and copyrightable subject matter (the rights) which during 
the term of his employment by the Company were
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
made or conceived by him, alone or with others, and which are within or 
arise out of any general field of the Companys business or arise out of 
any work he performs or information he received regarding the business of 
the Company while employed by the Company.  The Executive shall fully 
disclose to the Company as promptly as available all information known or 
possessed by him concerning the rights referred to in the preceding 
sentence, and upon request by the Company and without any further 
remuneration in any form to him by the Company, but at the expense of the 
Company, execute all applications for patents and for copyright 
registration, assignments thereof and other instruments and do all things 
which the Company may deem necessary to vest and maintain in it the entire 
right, title and interest in and to all such rights.
 
12.  Nondisparagement.
 
(a)  The Executive will not, nor will he cause or assist any other person 
to, make any statement to a third party or take any action which is 
intended to or would reasonably have the effect of disparaging or harming 
the Parent or Company or the business reputation of the Parent or Company; 
provided, however, that this provision shall not preclude such truthful 
disclosure or testimony as may be required by a court of law, by any 
governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of the 
Parent or Company or by any administrative or legislative body (including a 
committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order him to make such 
disclosure or provide such testimony.
 
(b)  The Parent and Company will not, nor will they cause or assist any 
other person to, make any statement to a third party or take any action 
which is intended to or would reasonably have the effect of disparaging or 
harming the Executive or his business reputation; provided, however, that 
this provision shall not preclude such truthful disclosure or testimony as 
may be required by a court of law, by any governmental agency having 
supervisory authority over the business of the Parent or Company or by any 
administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with 
apparent jurisdiction to order the Parent or Company to make such 
disclosure or provide such testimony.
 
13.  Notices.  All notices and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when (a) delivered 
personally or by overnight courier to the following address of the other 
parties hereto (or such other address for such parties as shall be 
specified by notice given pursuant to this Section) or (b) sent by 
facsimile to the following facsimile number of the other parties hereto (or 
such other facsimile number for such parties as shall be specified by 
notice given pursuant to this Section), with the confirmatory copy 
delivered by overnight courier to the address of such parties pursuant to 
this Section 13:
 
If to the Parent or Company, to:
 
Morningstar, Inc.
            22 West Washington Street
Chicago, IL 60602
Attn:  General Counsel
Facsimile:  (312) 244-8032
 
If to Executive, to:
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Patrick Reinkemeyer
At the most recent address on file with the Company
 
14.  Severability.  Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement 
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under 
applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under applicable law or 
rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability 
shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other 
provision of this Agreement or the validity, legality or enforceability of 
such provision in any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be 
reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.
 
15.  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement shall constitute the entire 
agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, 
agreements (including, without limitation, all equity award agreements 
between the Parent or Company and the Executive) or representations by or 
between the parties, written or oral, which may have related in any manner 
to the subject matter hereof.  The Executive acknowledges that neither the 
Parent nor Company has made any representations regarding the tax 
consequences of payments under this Agreement and that Executive has had 
the opportunity to consult Executives tax advisor, if any.
 
16.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be enforceable by 
Executive and Executives heirs, executors, administrators and legal 
representatives, and by the Company and Parent and their successors and 
assigns.  Executive may not assign this Agreement and any such assignment 
shall be null and void.
 
17.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois 
without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
 
18.  Amendment and Waiver.  The provisions of this Agreement may be amended 
or waived only by the written agreement of the Company, Parent and 
Executive, and no course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the 
provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or 
enforceability of this Agreement.
 
19.  Section 409A.  This Agreement is intended to comply with the 
requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code), and shall be interpreted and construed consistently 
with such intent.  The payments to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement 
are also intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum 
extent possible, under either the separation pay exemption pursuant to 
Treasury regulation §1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or as short-term deferrals 
pursuant to Treasury regulation §1.409A-1(b)(4), and for purposes of the 
separation pay exemption, each installment paid to the Executive under this 
Agreement shall be considered a separate payment.    In the event the terms 
of this Agreement would subject the Executive to taxes or penalties under 
Section 409A of the Code (409A Penalties), the Parent, Company and 
Executive shall cooperate diligently to amend the terms of the Agreement to 
avoid such 409A Penalties, to the extent possible; provided that in no 
event shall the Parent or Company be responsible for any 409A Penalties 
that arise in
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
connection with any amounts payable under this Agreement.  To the extent 
any amounts under this Agreement are payable by reference to Executives 
Date of Termination, such term shall be deemed to refer to the 
Executives separation from service, within the meaning of Section 409A 
of the Code.  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, in no 
event shall the level of consulting services to be provided by the 
Executive pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement exceed more than 20% of 
the average of services performed by the Executive for the Parent, Company 
and their affiliated service recipients (within the meaning of Treasury 
regulation §1.409A-1(h)(3)) over the immediately preceding 36-month period. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if the Executive is 
a specified employee, as defined in Section 409A of the Code, as of the 
date of the Executives separation from service, then to the extent any 
amount payable under this Agreement (i) constitutes the payment of 
nonqualified deferred compensation, within the meaning of Section 409A of 
the Code, (ii) is payable upon the Executives separation from service and 
(iii) under the terms of this Agreement would be payable prior to the 
six-month anniversary of the Executives separation from service, such 
payment shall be delayed until the earlier to occur of (a) the six-month 
anniversary of the separation from service or (b) the date of the 
Executives death.  Any reimbursement payable to the Executive pursuant to 
this Agreement shall be conditioned on the submission by the Executive of 
all expense reports reasonably required by the Parent or Company under any 
applicable expense reimbursement policy, and shall be paid to the Executive 
within 30 days following receipt of such expense reports, but in no event 
later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in 
which the Executive incurred the reimbursable expense.  Any amount of 
expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefit provided, during a 
calendar year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for 
reimbursement, or in-kind benefit to be provided, during any other calendar 
year.  The right to any reimbursement or in-kind benefit pursuant to this 
Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other 
benefit.
 
20.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
 
 
 
MORNINGSTAR, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Joe Mansueto
 
Name: Joe Mansueto
 
Its: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORNINGSTAR ASSOCIATES, LLC
 
 
 
By: Morningstar, Inc. (as sole member of Morningstar Associates, LLC)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Joe Mansueto
 
Name: Joe Mansueto
 
Its: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Patrick Reinkemeyer
 
Patrick Reinkemeyer
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO PATRICK REINKEMEYER SEPARATION AGREEMENT]
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
AEGON
 
Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
 
Financial Engines, Inc.
 
GuidedChoice
 
ING Groep N.V.
 
Mercer LLC
 
Mesirow Financial Holdings, Inc.
 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
 
New York Life Insurance Company
 
TD Ameritrade, Inc.
 
The Hartford Financial Services Group
 
The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company
 
Wachovia Bank, a division of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
 
Wilshire Associates Incorporated
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------