 EX-10.9 4 a2200168zex-10_9.htm EX-10.9
EXHIBIT 10.9
 
Tyco Electronics Ltd.
2007 Stock and Incentive Plan
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF
RESTRICTED UNIT AWARD
 
RESTRICTED UNIT AWARD made as of                                         ,  
         .
 
1.             Grant of Award.  Tyco Electronics Ltd. (the Company) has 
granted you                Tyco Electronics Restricted Units, subject to 
the provisions of this Award Agreement.  The Company will hold the 
Restricted Units in a bookkeeping account on your behalf until they become 
payable or are forfeited or cancelled.
 
2.             Payment Amount.  Each Restricted Unit represents one (1) 
Share of Common Stock.
 
3.             Form of Payment.  Vested Restricted Units will be redeemed 
solely for Shares, subject to Section 15.
 
4.             Dividends.  Restricted Units are a promise to deliver Common 
Stock upon vesting.  For each Restricted Unit that is unvested, you will be 
credited with a Dividend Equivalent Unit (DEU) for any cash or stock 
dividends distributed by the Company on Company Common Stock.  DEUs will be 
calculated at the same dividend rate paid to other holders of Common Stock. 
 DEUs will vest and be delivered in the form of Shares in accordance with 
the vesting and payment schedules applicable to the underlying Units.
 
5.             Time of Delivery.  Except as otherwise provided for in this 
Award Agreement, vested Restricted Units and Dividend Equivalent Units 
shall be delivered to participants in the form of Shares as soon as is 
administratively feasible following the date of vesting.
 
6.             Normal Vesting.  Your Restricted Unit Award will vest in 
equal installments over four years beginning on the first anniversary of 
the Grant Date. Your vested right will be calculated on each anniversary of 
the Grant Date.  No credit will be given for periods following Termination 
of Employment.
 
7.             Termination of Employment.  Any Restricted Units and DEUs 
that have not vested as of your Termination of Employment, other than as 
set forth in paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11, will immediately be forfeited, and 
your rights with respect to those Restricted Units and DEUs will end.
 
8.             Death or Disability.  If your Termination of Employment is 
as a result of your Death or Disability, your Restricted Unit Award will 
immediately become fully vested.  Such
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
vested Restricted Units will be delivered as soon as is administratively 
possible upon your Termination of Employment.  If you are deceased, the 
Company will make a payment to your estate immediately after the Committee 
or its designee has determined that the payee is the duly appointed 
executor or administrator of your estate.
 
9.             Retirement.  If you have attained age 55 and have completed 
at least five years of service, your Restricted Unit Award will vest pro 
rata (rounded down to the nearest Unit, in full-month increments) based on 
(i) the number of whole months that you have completed from Date of Grant 
through the end of the month in which your Termination of Employment 
occurs, over the original number of months of the vesting period, times 
(ii) the total number of Units awarded under the Grant minus (iii) the 
number of Units previously vested under the Normal Vesting terms; provided, 
however, that you will not be entitled to the accelerated vesting under 
this Section 9 until you have completed at least one year of service 
following the Date of Grant.  Termination of Employment within 12 months of 
the Grant Date will result in the forfeiture of your Restricted Unit Award, 
except as otherwise provided for in paragraphs 8, 10, and 11
 
10.           Change in Control.  If your employment is terminated 
following a Change in Control, as defined in the Plan, your Restricted Unit 
Award will immediately become fully vested and delivered, provided that:
 
(a) your employment is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for any 
reason other than Cause, Disability or Death in the twelve-month period 
following the Change in Control; or
 
(b) you terminate your employment with the Company or your employing 
Subsidiary within the twelve-month period following the Change in Control 
as a result of, and within 180 days following, the occurrence of one of the 
following events:
 
        i.      the Company or your employing Subsidiary (1) assigns or
        causes to be assigned to you duties inconsistent in any material
        respect with your position as in effect immediately prior to the
        Change in Control; (2) makes or causes to be made any material
        adverse change in your position, authority, duties or
        responsibilities; or (3) takes or causes to be taken any other
        action which, in your reasonable judgment, would cause you to
        violate your ethical or professional obligations (after written
        notice of such judgment has been provided by you to the Company and
        the Company has been given a 15-day period within which to cure
        such action), or which results in a significant diminution in such
        position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or
         
        ii.     the Company or your employing subsidiary, without your
        consent, (1) requires you to relocate to a principal place of
        employment more than fifty (50) miles from your existing place of
        employment; or (2) reduces your base salary, annual bonus, or
        retirement, welfare, stock incentive, perquisite (if any) and other
        benefits taken as a whole.
         
11.           Termination of Employment as a Result of Divestiture or 
Outsourcing. If your Termination of Employment is as a result of a 
Disposition of Assets, Disposition of a Subsidiary or Outsourcing 
Agreement, your Restricted Unit Award will vest pro rata (rounded down to 
the nearest Unit in full-month increments) and will be delivered 
immediately.  The pro
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
rated vesting will be based on (i) the number of whole months that you have 
completed from Grant Date through the closing date of the applicable 
transaction over the original number of months of the vesting period, times 
(ii) the total number of Units awarded under the Grant minus (iii) the 
number of Units previously vested under the Normal Vesting terms.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be eligible for such pro-rata 
vesting if, (i) your Termination of Employment occurs on or prior to the 
closing date of such Disposition of Assets or Disposition of a Subsidiary, 
as applicable, or on such later date as is specifically provided in the 
applicable transaction agreement or related agreements, or on the effective 
date of such Outsourcing Agreement applicable to you (the Applicable 
Employment Date), and (ii) you are offered Comparable Employment with the 
buyer, successor company or outsourcing agent, as applicable, but do not 
commence such employment on the Applicable Employment Date.
 
For the purposes of this Section 11, (a) Comparable Employment shall mean 
employment at a base salary rate and bonus target that is at least equal to 
the base salary rate and bonus target in effect immediately prior to your 
termination of employment and at a location that is no more than 50 miles 
from your job location in effect immediately prior to your termination of 
employment; (b) Disposition of Assets shall mean the disposition by the 
Company or a Subsidiary of all or a portion of the assets used by the 
Company or Subsidiary in a trade or business to an unrelated corporation or 
entity;  (c) Disposition of a Subsidiary shall mean the disposition by 
the Company or a Subsidiary of its interest in a subsidiary or controlled 
entity to an unrelated individual or entity, provided that such subsidiary 
or entity ceases to be an affiliated company as a result of such 
disposition; and (d) Outsourcing Agreement shall mean a written agreement 
between the Company or a Subsidiary and an unrelated third party 
(Outsourcing Agent) pursuant to which the Company transfers the 
performance of services previously performed by employees of the Company or 
Subsidiary to the Outsourcing Agent, and the Outsourcing Agreement includes 
an obligation of the Outsourcing Agent to offer employment to any employee 
whose employment is being terminated as a result of or in connection with 
said Outsourcing Agreement.
 
12.           Responsibility for Taxes.  Regardless of any action the 
Company or your employer (the Employer) takes with respect to any or all 
income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other 
tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally 
applicable to you (Tax-Related Items), by accepting the Award, you 
acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and 
remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by 
the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company 
and/or the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to 
structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Units to 
reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any 
particular tax result.  Further, if you have become subject to tax in more 
than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any 
relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the 
Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or 
account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
 
Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you 
will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or 
the Employer to satisfy all Tax-
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Related Items.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the 
Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the 
obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of 
the following:
 
        (1)           withholding from your wages or other cash
        compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer; or
         
        (2)           withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares
        acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Units either through a
        voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company
        (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); or
         
        (3)           withholding in Shares to be issued upon vesting of
        the Restricted Units.
         
To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company may withhold or account 
for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory 
withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates.  If the 
obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for 
tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares 
subject to the vested Restricted Units, notwithstanding that a number of 
the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related 
Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.
 
Finally, you shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of 
Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to 
withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that 
cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may 
refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares 
if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the 
Tax-Related Items.
 
13.           Transfer of Award.  You may not transfer any interest in 
Restricted Units except by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  
Any other attempt to dispose of your interest in Restricted Units will be 
null and void.
 
14.           Covenant; Forfeiture of Award; Agreement to Reimburse 
Company.
 
(a)           If you have been terminated for Cause, any unvested 
restricted units shall be immediately rescinded and, in addition, you 
hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the Company the number 
of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the cash value of said 
shares) you received for Restricted Units that vested during the period six 
(6) months prior to your Termination of Employment through the date of 
Termination of Employment.
 
(b)           If, after your Termination of Employment, the Committee 
determines in its sole discretion that while you were a Company or 
Subsidiary employee you engaged in activity that would have constituted 
grounds for the Company or Subsidiary to terminate your employment for 
Cause, then you hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the 
Company the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the 
cash value of said shares) you received for Restricted Units that vested 
during the period six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment 
through the date of Termination of Employment.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that at 
any time after your Termination of Employment and prior to the second 
anniversary of your Termination of Employment you (i) disclosed business 
confidential or proprietary information related to any business of the 
Company or Subsidiary or (ii) have entered into an employment or 
consultation arrangement (including any arrangement for employment or 
service as an agent, partner, stockholder, consultant, officer or director) 
with any entity or person engaged in a business and (A) such employment or 
consultation arrangement would likely (in the Committees sole discretion) 
result in the disclosure of business confidential or proprietary 
information related to any business of the Company or a Subsidiary to a 
business that is competitive with any Company or Subsidiary business as to 
which you have had access to business strategic or confidential 
information, and  (B) the Committee has not approved the arrangement in 
writing, then you hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the 
Company the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the 
cash value of said shares) you received for Restricted Units that vested 
during the period six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment 
through the date of Termination of Employment.
 
15.           Adjustments.  In the event of any stock split, reverse stock 
split, dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, 
other securities or other property), extraordinary cash dividend, 
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, 
reorganization, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other 
securities, the issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or 
other securities, or other similar corporate transaction or event, the 
Committee shall adjust the number and kind of Shares covered by the 
Restricted Units and other relevant provisions to the extent necessary to 
prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits 
intended to be provided by the Restricted Units.
 
16.           Restrictions on Payment of Shares.  Payment of Shares for 
your Restricted Units is subject to the conditions that, to the extent 
required at the time of delivery, (a) the Shares underlying the Restricted 
Units will be duly listed, upon official notice of redemption, upon the 
NYSE, and (b) a Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 
with respect to the Shares will be effective.  The Company will not be 
required to deliver any Common Stock until all applicable federal and state 
laws and regulations have been complied with and all legal matters in 
connection with the issuance and delivery of the Shares have been approved 
by counsel of the Company.
 
17.           Disposition of Securities.  By accepting the Award, you 
acknowledge that you have read and understand the Companys insider trading 
policy, and are aware of and understand your obligations under federal 
securities laws in respect of trading in the Companys securities.  The 
Company will have the right to recover, or receive reimbursement for, any 
compensation or profit realized on the disposition of Shares received for 
Restricted Units to the extent that the Company has a right of recovery or 
reimbursement under applicable securities laws.
 
18.           Plan Terms Govern.  The redemption of Restricted Units, the 
disposition of any Shares received for Restricted Units, and the treatment 
of any gain on the disposition of these Shares are subject to the terms of 
the Plan and any rules that the Committee may prescribe.  The Plan 
document, as may be amended from time to time, is incorporated into this 
Award Agreement.  Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement have the 
meaning set forth in the Plan, unless otherwise stated in this Award 
Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
terms of the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement, the Plan will 
control.  By accepting the Award, you acknowledge receipt of the Plan and 
the prospectus, as in effect on the date of this Award Agreement.
 
19.           Data Privacy.  By accepting the Award, you hereby explicitly 
and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in 
electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award 
Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, your 
Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries (or former Subsidiaries as are 
deemed necessary) for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering 
and managing your participation in the Plan.
 
You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal 
information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home 
address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or 
other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or 
directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Units or any 
other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested 
or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, 
administering and managing the Plan (Data).
 
You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting 
the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the 
Plan.  You understand that these recipients of the Data may be located in 
the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the 
United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than 
your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names 
and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your 
local Human Resources Representative.  You authorize the Company and the 
recipients assisting the Company (presently or in the future) with 
implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, 
retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole 
purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in 
the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is 
necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the 
Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request 
additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require 
any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, 
in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local Human 
Resources Representative.  You understand, however, that refusing or 
withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the 
Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent 
or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local 
Human Resources Representative.
 
20.           Nature of Grant.  By accepting the Award, you acknowledge 
that:
 
(a)           the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is 
discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or 
terminated by the Company at any time;
 
(b)           the grant of the Restricted Units is voluntary and occasional 
and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants 
of Restricted Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Units, even if 
Restricted Units have been granted repeatedly in the past;
 
(c)           all decisions with respect to future Restricted Unit grants, 
if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)           your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to 
further employment with the Employer and shall not interfere with the 
ability of the Employer to terminate your employment relationship at any 
time;
 
(e)           you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
 
(f)            the Restricted Units and the Shares subject to the 
Restricted Units are extraordinary items that do not constitute part of 
your ordinary ongoing compensation;
 
(g)           the Restricted Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted 
Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
 
(h)           the Restricted Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted 
Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any 
purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, 
resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, 
bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or 
similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, 
or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or 
any Subsidiary of  the Company;
 
(i)            the Restricted Unit grant and your participation in the Plan 
will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with 
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;
 
(j)            the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and 
cannot be predicted with certainty;
 
(k)           in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Units, no 
claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture 
of the Restricted Units resulting from termination of your employment with 
the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not 
in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and 
the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to 
have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your 
entitlement to pursue such claim;
 
(l)           the Restricted Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, 
will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, 
take-over or transfer of liability;
 
(m)          payment of your Restricted Units is not secured by a trust, 
insurance contract or other funding medium, and you do not have any 
interest in any fund or specific asset of the Company by reason of this 
Award or the account established on your behalf; and
 
(n)           you have no rights as a stockholder of the Company pursuant 
to the Restricted Units until Shares are actually delivered to you.
 
21.           No Advice Regarding Grant.  The Company is not providing any 
tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any 
recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan or your 
acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares.  You are hereby advised to 
consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding 
your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the 
Plan.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
22.           Incorporation of Other Agreements.  This Award Agreement and 
the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company 
regarding the Restricted Units.  This Award Agreement supercedes any prior 
agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Restricted Units.
 
23.           Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision of this Award  will not affect the validity or enforceability of 
the other provisions of the Agreement, which will remain in full force and 
effect.  Moreover, if any provision is found to be excessively broad in 
duration, scope or covered activity, the provision will be construed so as 
to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law.
 
24.           Delayed Payment.  Notwithstanding anything in this Award 
Agreement to the contrary, if the Employee (i) is subject to US Federal 
income tax on any part of the payment of the Restricted Units, (ii) is a 
specified employee within the meaning of section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the 
Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder, and (iii) is or will 
become eligible for Retirement prior to the Normal Vesting of some or all 
of the Restricted Units, then any payment of Restricted Units that is made 
on account of his separation from service within the meaning of section 
409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations 
thereunder shall be delayed until six months following such separation from 
service.
 
25.           Language.  If you have received this Award Agreement or any 
other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than 
English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the 
English version, the English version will control.
 
26.           Electronic Delivery.  The Company may, in its sole 
discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future 
participation in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to 
receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in 
the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained 
by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
 
27.           Imposition of Other Requirements.  The Company reserves the 
right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on 
the Restricted Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the 
extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to 
comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to 
require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be 
necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
 
By accepting this Award, you agree to the following:
 
(i)            you have carefully read, fully understand and agree to all 
of the terms and conditions described in this Award Agreement and the Plan; 
and
 
(ii)           you understand and agree that this Award Agreement and the 
Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company 
regarding the Award, and that any prior agreements, commitments or 
negotiations concerning the Restricted Units are replaced and superseded.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

