 EX-10.33 5 a2200874zex-10_33.htm EX-10.33
Exhibit 10.33
 
Form of Amendment No. 7 to, and Consent under, the
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement
 
of
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
This Amendment No. 7 to, and Consent under (this Amendment and Consent), 
the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of 
VGG Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), is 
entered into and shall be effective as of [          ], 2010, by and among 
the Company, the Class A Members of the Company listed on the signature 
pages hereof and the Persons listed as Additional Class B-1 Members on the 
signature pages hereof (the Newly Admitted Members).
 
WHEREAS, the Company was formed pursuant to that certain Limited Liability 
Company Operating Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2007, as amended and 
restated by that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company 
Operating Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2007, by and among the Persons 
listed as Class A Members on the signature pages thereof, as amended by 
Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company 
Operating Agreement, dated September 13, 2007, by and among the Company and 
the Persons listed as Class B Members on the signature pages thereof, as 
further amended by Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Limited 
Liability Company Operating Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2007, by 
and among the Company, TCW/Crescent Mezzanine Partners IV, L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership, TCW/Crescent Mezzanine Partners IVB, L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership, MAC Equity Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, and Newstone Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership, as further amended by Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and 
Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, dated as of October 
26, 2007, by and among the Company and the Persons listed as Additional 
Class B Members on the signature pages thereof, as further amended by 
Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company 
Operating Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2007, by and among the 
Company, the Persons listed as Original Golden Gate Members on the 
signature pages thereof and CCG AV, LLC - Series E, a Delaware limited 
liability company and an Affiliate of the Original Golden Gate Members, as 
further amended by Amendment No. 5 to the Amended and Restated Limited 
Liability Company Operating Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2009, by and 
among the Company and the Persons listed as Additional Class A Members on 
the signature pages thereof, and as further amended by Amendment No. 6 to 
the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, 
dated as of September 17, 2009, by and among the Company, certain Investors 
of the Company listed on the signature pages thereof and the Persons listed 
as Additional Class B-1 Members on the signature pages thereof (the 
Operating Agreement);
 
WHEREAS, on April 6, 2010, AX Holding filed a certificate of amendment to 
its certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware pursuant to which its name was changed to Aeroflex Holding 
Corp. (Aeroflex Holding);
 
WHEREAS, Aeroflex Holding has filed a registration statement with the SEC 
relating to an initial public offering of its common stock (the Aeroflex 
Holding IPO);
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend certain provisions of the 
Operating Agreement in connection with the Aeroflex Holding IPO;
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Managers of the Company has approved the issuance of 
Class B-1 Membership Interests to the Newly Admitted Members and desires to 
admit the Newly Admitted Members; and
 
WHEREAS, each of the Investors listed on the signature pages hereto 
constitute all the Investors whose Percentage Interest is equal to or 
greater than 10% of the Total Percentage Interest of the Company.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements made herein, the 
Company, the Investors listed on the signature pages hereof and the Newly 
Admitted Members hereby agree as follows:
 
    1.             Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall
    have the meanings ascribed to them in the Operating Agreement.
     
    2.             In accordance with Section 3.3 and Section 7.1(a) of the
    Operating Agreement, effective as of the date hereof, the Newly
    Admitted Members are hereby admitted to the Company as Additional Class
    B-1 Members.
     
    3.             Schedule A, Schedule B and Schedule B-1 to the Operating
    Agreement are hereby amended in the forms annexed hereto, to reflect
    the names, addresses, Capital Contributions, Class A Percentage
    Interests, Class B Percentage Interests and Class B-1 Percentage
    Interests of the Members after the admission of the Newly Admitted
    Members to the Company.  Schedule B-1 is also hereby amended to reflect
    the Floor with respect to the Class B-1 Membership Interests of each
    Class B-1 Member.
     
    4.             By executing this Amendment and Consent, each of the
    Veritas Fund, Golden Gate and Goldman hereby consents, (i) in
    accordance with Section 7.4(a)(i) and Section 7.4(a)(v)(B) of the
    Operating Agreement, to the issuance by Aeroflex Holding of such number
    of Equity Securities in connection with the Aeroflex Holding IPO as
    shall be determined by Aeroflex Holding in its sole discretion, (ii) in
    accordance with Section 7.4(a)(ii) of the Operating Agreement, to the
    Transfer by the Company of such number of Equity Securities in
    connection with the Aeroflex Holding IPO as shall be determined by the
    Company in its sole discretion, (iii) in accordance with Section
    7.4(a)(vi) of the Operating Agreement, to the amendment and restatement
    of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Aeroflex Holding in
    the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B, respectively, and
    (iv) in accordance with Section 7.4(a)(vii) of the Operating Agreement,
    to the execution and delivery by Aeroflex Holding of an underwriting
    agreement relating to the Aeroflex Holding IPO with Goldman, Sachs &
    Co. and the other parties thereto and the performance by Aeroflex
    Holdings of its obligations thereunder, and (v) in accordance with 
    Section 3.9 and Section 7.4(a)(viii) of the Operating Agreement, to the
    issuance of Class B-1 Percentage Interests to the Newly Admitted
    Members as set forth on Schedule B-1 and (vi) in accordance with 
    Section 7.4(a)(viii), to the amendment of the Employment Agreements of
    Leonard Borow, John
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Adamovich, Jr., John Buyko, Charles Badlato and Carl Caruso, in the
    forms attached hereto as Exhibit C, Exhibit D, Exhibit E, Exhibit F,
    and Exhibit G, respectively.
     
    5.             The Operating Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
     
        (a)           The following defined terms shall be added to Article
        I of the Operating Agreement:
         
        Director Designation Agreement means the Director Designation
        Agreement, dated as of November [  ], 2010, between Aeroflex
        Holding and the Company.
         
        Necessary Action means, with respect to a specified result, all
        commercially reasonable actions (to the extent permitted by
        Applicable Law and the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
        Aeroflex Holding that are within the power of the Company as a
        stockholder of Aeroflex Holding) necessary to cause such result,
        including (i) exercising its rights pursuant to the Director
        Designation Agreement to designate individuals to be included in
        the slate of nominees recommended to the stockholders of Aeroflex
        Holding for election of directors at any annual or special meeting
        of the stockholders of Aeroflex Holding at which directors of
        Aeroflex Holding are to be elected, (ii) causing the voting of, or
        providing a written consent or proxy with respect to, Voting Shares
        and (iii) calling and attending meetings in person or by proxy.
         
        VGG Nominee has the meaning set forth in the Director Designation
        Agreement.
         
        Voting Shares means the shares of capital stock of Aeroflex
        Holding that are entitled to vote generally in the election of
        directors.
         
        (b)           Section 3.8 of the Operating Agreement is hereby
        amended by deleting the words Notwithstanding any other provision
        of this Agreement, at any time from and after the occurrence of an
        IPO, and replacing such words with Notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Agreement, (i) at any time from and after the
        earlier to occur of (A) the second anniversary of the consummation
        of an IPO or (B) with respect to any Investor seeking to redeem its
        Class A Membership Interests, such time as the board of directors
        of Aeroflex Holding does not contain at least one director
        designated by such Investor, unless due to an action, omission or
        decision by such Investor or any of its designees to the board of
        directors of Aeroflex Holding, provided that in the event Aeroflex
        Holding fails to nominate to the board of directors of Aeroflex
        Holding a particular VGG Nominee selected by an Investor to the
        board of directors of Aeroflex Holding in accordance with Section
        2(d) of the Director Designation Agreement, the failure by such
        Investor to select an acceptable Replacement VGG Nominee (as
        defined below) shall be deemed for the purpose of this clause (B)
        to be an action or decision by such Investor to not designate a
        director to serve on the board of directors of Aeroflex Holding, or
        (ii) with the prior written approval of each of the
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Veritas Fund (so long as Veritas owns Membership Interests), Golden
        Gate (so long as Golden Gate owns Membership Interests) and Goldman
        (so long as Goldman owns Membership Interests), at any time from
        and after the consummation of an IPO,.
         
        (c)           Section 4.2(a) is hereby amended by adding the
        following language to the end of the last sentence thereof: 
        Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i)
        the Employment/Directorship Date for each of Andrew Kaminsky and
        Edward Wactlar shall be November [   ], 2010 and (ii) the Reduction
        Percentage for David Markman shall be determined as follows:  (A)
        if his Termination Date is prior to November [   ], 2011, the
        Reduction Percentage shall be 100%, (B) if his Termination Date is
        on or after November [  ], 2011 but prior to November [  ], 2012,
        the Reduction Percentage shall be 50% and (B) if his Termination
        Date is on or after November [   ], 2012, the Reduction Percentage
        shall be 0%.
         
        (d)           Section 7.2(k) of the Operating Agreement shall be
        deleted in its entirety and shall be replaced with the following: 
        [Reserved].
         
        (e)           Section 7.2 of the Operating Agreement is hereby
        amended to add the following Sections 7.2(o), 7.2(p), 7.2(q),
        7.2(r) and 7.2(s):
         
        (o) At all times commencing upon the consummation of the Aeroflex
        Holding IPO and continuing until such time as Aeroflex Holding is
        required to comply with Rule 303A.01 of the New York Stock Exchange
        Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Majority Independent Board Rule
        ), the Company shall take all Necessary Action to cause each
        Manager appointed pursuant to Section 7.2(b), (c), (d) or (f) to be
        elected to the board of directors of Aeroflex Holding. 
        Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything to the
        contrary in Section 7.2(b), (c) or (d), in the event any of
        Veritas, Golden Gate or Goldman gain the right to appoint any
        additional Managers solely as a result of an increase in its
        Percentage Interest following the exercise by any Class A Member of
        its redemption rights pursuant to Section 3.8, the Company shall
        not be required to take any action (but may do so in its sole
        discretion) to seek to cause any such newly-appointed Manager to be
        elected to the board of directors of Aeroflex Holding in accordance
        with the preceding sentence until the next meeting of stockholders
        at which directors are elected.
         
        (p)  Subject to Section 7.2(r), during such time as Aeroflex
        Holding is required to comply with the NYSE Majority Independent
        Board Rule and the Company is entitled, pursuant to the Director
        Designation Agreement, to nominate four VGG Nominees, the persons
        the Company shall nominate as VGG Nominees shall be selected as
        follows:  two of such VGG Nominees shall be Managers selected by
        Veritas, one of such VGG Nominees shall be a Manager selected by
        Golden Gate and one of such VGG Nominees shall be a Manager
        selected by Goldman.  In the event Aeroflex Holding fails to
        nominate a particular VGG Nominee selected by an Investor to the
        board of directors of Aeroflex
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Holding in accordance with Section 2(d) of the Director Designation
        Agreement, such Investor shall have the right to select a
        replacement VGG Nominee (a Replacement VGG Nominee). 
        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, such
        Replacement VGG Nominee need not be a Manager.
         
        (q)  Except as permitted pursuant to the last sentence of Section
        7.2(s), the Company shall not take any action, including, without
        limitation, causing the voting of, or providing a written consent
        or proxy with respect to, Voting Shares, to remove any VGG Nominee
        from the board of directors of Aeroflex Holding without the prior
        written consent of the Investor who selected such VGG Nominee in
        accordance with Section 2(p).  In the event of a vacancy on the
        board of directors of Aeroflex Holding arising through the death,
        resignation, disqualification or removal of a VGG Nominee selected
        by any of Veritas, Golden Gate or Goldman pursuant to Section
        7.2(p), the Company shall take all Necessary Action to fill such
        vacancy with a Manager selected by the Investor who selected the
        VGG Nominee whose death, resignation, disqualification or removal
        created such vacancy, to the extent that, following such selection,
        the number of Managers appointed by such Investor who are then
        serving as directors of Aeroflex Holding does not exceed the number
        of VGG Nominees which such Investor would be entitled to select
        pursuant to Section 7.2(p) if an election of directors of Aeroflex
        Holding was held on the date of such selection.
         
       (r)  Notwithstanding anything in Section 7.2(p) to the contrary,
       following the redemption of Class A Membership Interests by any
       Investor pursuant to Section 3.8, the rights of such redeeming
       Investor to select VGG Nominees pursuant to Section 7.2(p) shall
       immediately terminate and, unless otherwise agreed upon by the
       remaining Investors, the Company shall decline to exercise its
       rights pursuant to Section 2(b) of the Director Designation
       Agreement to nominate such number of VGG Nominees that such
       redeeming Investor had the right to select pursuant to Section
       7.2(p) immediately prior to such redemption.  For the avoidance of
       doubt, except as otherwise agreed upon by the remaining Investors,
       no non-redeeming Investor shall gain the right to select additional
       persons to be nominated as VGG Nominees following any such
       redemption.  Except as expressly permitted by the first sentence of
       this Section 7.2(r), the Company hereby agrees that, to the extent
       prejudicial to an Investor, it will not (i) decline to exercise any
       of its rights pursuant to the Director Designation Agreement, (ii)
       waive any provision of the Director Designation Agreement or (iii)
       agree to any amendment of the Director Designation Agreement, in
       each case without the prior written approval of each of the Veritas
       Fund (so long as Veritas owns Membership Interests), Golden Gate (so
       long as Golden Gate owns Membership Interests) and Goldman (so long
       as Goldman owns Membership Interests).
        
       (s)  Each Investor shall cause any Manager appointed by it pursuant
       to Section 7.2(b), (c), (d) or (f) who has been nominated to the
       board of directors of Aeroflex Holding pursuant to this Agreement
       and the Director Designation Agreement to immediately resign from
       the board of directors of Aeroflex Holding (i) upon the redemption
       of Class A Membership Interests by such Investor
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
       pursuant to Section 3.8 or (ii) in the event such Manager (A) is
       removed from the Board of Managers pursuant to Section 7.2(f) or
       resigns from the Board of Managers or becomes disabled or (B) is
       required to resign from the Board of Managers pursuant to Section
       7.2(g).  If, on the date that Aeroflex Holding first is required to
       comply with the NYSE Majority Independent Board Rule, the number of
       Managers appointed by any Investor that are then serving as
       directors of Aeroflex Holding exceeds the number of VGG Nominees
       which such Investor would be entitled to select pursuant to Section
       7.2(p) if an election of directors of Aeroflex Holding was held on
       such date (the Director Appointment Maximum), such Investor shall
       immediately cause the resignation from the board of directors of
       Aeroflex Holding of that number of Managers that is in excess of the
       Director Appointment Maximum.  In the event any Investor shall fail
       to cause the resignation of any Manager in accordance with this 
       Section 7.2(s), the Company shall be authorized to take all
       Necessary Action to remove any such Manager from the board of
       directors of Aeroflex Holding.
        
        (f)            Section 8.4 of the Operating Agreement shall be
        deleted in its entirety and shall be replaced by the notation
        [Reserved].
         
        (g)           Section 8.6 of the Operating Agreement shall be
        amended for the purpose of correcting an error in clause (B) of the
        proviso thereof by replacing the term Auction Sale with Sale
        Transaction.
         
        (h)           All references to Section 8.4 in the Operating
        Agreement shall be disregarded and all defined terms used
        exclusively in Section 8.4 shall be deleted.
         
    6.             All other terms of the Operating Agreement shall remain
    in full force and effect and, by their execution of this Amendment and
    Consent, each Newly Admitted Member makes the representations and
    warranties set forth in Section 5.2 of the Operating Agreement and
    agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Operating
    Agreement applicable to the Members.
     
    7.             This Amendment and Consent may be executed in several
    counterparts, and all counterparts so executed shall constitute one
    agreement, binding on all of the parties hereto, notwithstanding that
    all of the parties are not signatory to the original or same
    counterpart.
     
[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.]
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
In WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment 
and Consent as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Amendment No. 7 and Consent to the
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement
 
of
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
 
Investor Signature Pages
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
THE VERITAS CAPITAL FUND III, L.P.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
AX HOLDING LLC
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
GOLDEN GATE CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND II, L.P.
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management II, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
GOLDEN GATE CAPITAL INVESTMENT ANNEX FUND II, L.P.
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management II, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
GOLDEN GATE CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND II (AI), L.P.
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management II, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
GOLDEN GATE CAPITAL INVESTMENT ANNEX FUND II (AI), L.P.
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management II, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
GOLDEN GATE CAPITAL ASSOCIATES II-QP, LLC
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management II, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
GOLDEN GATE CAPITAL ASSOCIATES II-AI, LLC
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management II, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
CCG AV, LLC - SERIES A
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
CCG AV, LLC - SERIES C
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
CCG AV, LLC - SERIES I
 
By: Golden Gate Capital Management, LLC, its Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
GS DIRECT, L.L.C.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Amendment No. 7 and Consent to the
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement
 
of
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
 
Additional Class B-1 Member Signature Page
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
Andrew Kaminsky
 
Name of Additional Class B-1 Member
 
 
 
Class B-1 Percentage Interest: 0.10000000%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Amendment No. 7 and Consent to the
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement
 
of
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
 
Additional Class B-1 Member Signature Page
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
Edward Wactlar
 
Name of Additional Class B-1 Member
 
 
 
Class B-1 Percentage Interest: 0.10000000%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Amendment No. 7 and Consent to the
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement
 
of
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
 
Additional Class B-1 Member Signature Page
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
David Markman
 
Name of Additional Class B-1 Member
 
 
 
Class B-1 Percentage Interest: 0.10000000%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A
 
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit B
 
Amended and Restated Bylaws
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit C
 
Amendment No. 2  to the Employment Agreement of Leonard Borow
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit D
 
Amendment No. 5 to the Employment Agreement of John Adamovich, Jr.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit E
 
Amendment No. 2  to the Employment Agreement of John Buyko
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit F
 
Amendment No. 3  to the Employment Agreement of Charles Badlato
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit G
 
Amendment No. 5  to the Employment Agreement of Carl Caruso
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

