 EX-10.15 9 w78831a2exv10w15.htm EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15

EXECUTION COPY

 


IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS FINANCING 2010, LLC,
as the Issuer,

PORTFOLIO FINANCIAL SERVICING COMPANY,
as the Initial Master Servicer,

and

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY,
as the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee,


MASTER TRUST INDENTURE


Dated as of September 24, 2010


 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


TABLE OF CONTENTS
  	  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS
  	  	2 	 
    SECTION 1.01. Definitions
  	  	2 	 
    SECTION 1.02. Other Definitional Provisions
  	  	34 	 
    SECTION 1.03. Acts of Series 2010-1 Noteholders
  	  	35 	 
    SECTION 1.04. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act
  	  	36 	 
    SECTION 1.05. Benefits of Indenture
  	  	36 	 
    SECTION 1.06. Incorporation of Recitals
  	  	36 	 
    SECTION 1.07. Conditions Precedent to the Effectiveness of this
    Agreement
  	  	36 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE II GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN RECEIVABLES; ORIGINAL ISSUANCE
  OF SERIES 2010-1 NOTES
  	  	36 	 
    SECTION 2.01. Grant of Security Interest in Assets; No Assumption of
    Obligations Related to Receivables; Certain Matters Regarding the Grant
  	  	36 	 
    SECTION 2.02. Acceptance by Trustee
  	  	37 	 
    SECTION 2.03. General Representations and Warranties of the Issuer
  	  	38 	 
    SECTION 2.04. Affirmative Covenants of the Issuer
  	  	41 	 
    SECTION 2.05. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer Relating to
    the Series Trust Assets, Liens and Security Interests
  	  	47 	 
    SECTION 2.06. Negative Covenants of the Issuer
  	  	50 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES
  	  	55 	 
    SECTION 3.01. Acceptance of Appointment and Other Matters Relating to
    the Master Servicer
  	  	55 	 
    SECTION 3.02. Servicing Compensation
  	  	56 	 
    SECTION 3.03. Representations and Warranties of the Master Servicer
  	  	56 	 
    SECTION 3.04. Covenants of the Master Servicer
  	  	58 	 
    SECTION 3.05. Reports and Records
  	  	61 	 
    SECTION 3.06. Servicing Report of Independent Public Accountants
  	  	61 	 
    SECTION 3.07. Reserved
  	  	62 	 
    SECTION 3.08. Adjustments
  	  	62 	 
    SECTION 3.09. Reserved
  	  	62 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE IV RIGHTS OF SERIES 2010-1 NOTEHOLDERS AND ALLOCATION AND
  APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS
  	  	62 	 
    SECTION 4.01. Rights of Series 2010-1 Noteholders
  	  	62 	 
    SECTION 4.02. Establishment of the Master Collection Account and the
    Applicable Lock-Box Accounts; Establishment of the Issuer Split Payment
    Account
  	  	63 	 
    SECTION 4.03. Series Accounts
  	  	65 	 
    SECTION 4.04. Establishment of the Trustees Account
  	  	67 	 
    SECTION 4.05. Other Payments
  	  	67 	 

i

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE V DISTRIBUTIONS AND REPORTS TO SERIES 2010-1 NOTEHOLDERS
  	  	67 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE VI THE SERIES 2010-1 NOTES
  	  	68 	 
    SECTION 6.01. The Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	68 	 
    SECTION 6.02. Authentication of Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	69 	 
    SECTION 6.03. Transfer and Exchange of Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	70 	 
    SECTION 6.04. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	78 	 
    SECTION 6.05. Persons Deemed Owners; Deemed Representations by Series
    2010-1 Noteholders
  	  	79 	 
    SECTION 6.06. Appointment of Paying Agent
  	  	80 	 
    SECTION 6.07. Access to List of Series 2010-1 Noteholders Names and
    Addresses
  	  	80 	 
    SECTION 6.08. Authenticating Agent
  	  	81 	 
    SECTION 6.09. Issuance of the Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	82 	 
    SECTION 6.10. Transfer of Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	83 	 
    SECTION 6.11. Provisions Relating to the Regulation S Global Notes
  	  	84 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE VII OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO THE ISSUER
  	  	85 	 
    SECTION 7.01. Obligations Not Assignable
  	  	85 	 
    SECTION 7.02. Limitations on Liability
  	  	85 	 
    SECTION 7.03. Indemnification by the Issuer
  	  	86 	 
    SECTION 7.04. Net Worth of the Issuer
  	  	88 	 
    SECTION 7.05. Non-Payment of Settlement Receivables Due to Change in
    Law
  	  	88 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE VIII OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO THE MASTER SERVICER
  	  	88 	 
    SECTION 8.01. Liability of the Master Servicer
  	  	88 	 
    SECTION 8.02. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the
    Obligations of, the Master Servicer
  	  	88 	 
    SECTION 8.03. Limitations on Liability
  	  	89 	 
    SECTION 8.04. Indemnification by Master Servicer
  	  	89 	 
    SECTION 8.05. Master Servicer Not to Resign
  	  	90 	 
    SECTION 8.06. Examination of Records
  	  	90 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT
  	  	90 	 
    SECTION 9.01. Events of Default
  	  	90 	 
    SECTION 9.02. Additional Rights Upon the Occurrence of any Event of
    Default
  	  	91 	 
    SECTION 9.03. Certain Specific Rights Upon the Occurrence of an
    Insolvency Event
  	  	92 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE X SERVICER DEFAULTS
  	  	93 	 
    SECTION 10.01. Servicer Defaults
  	  	93 	 
    SECTION 10.02. Appointment of Successor
  	  	94 	 
    SECTION 10.03. Notification to Series 2010-1 Noteholders
  	  	95 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE XI THE TRUSTEE
  	  	95 	 
    SECTION 11.01. Duties of Trustee
  	  	95 	 
    SECTION 11.02. Certain Matters Affecting the Trustee
  	  	97 	 

ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
    SECTION 11.03. Trustee Not Liable for Recitals in Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	99 	 
    SECTION 11.04. Compensation; Trustees Expenses; Indemnification
  	  	99 	 
    SECTION 11.05. Eligibility Requirements for Trustee
  	  	100 	 
    SECTION 11.06. Resignation or Removal of Trustee
  	  	100 	 
    SECTION 11.07. Successor Trustee
  	  	101 	 
    SECTION 11.08. Merger or Consolidation of Trustee
  	  	101 	 
    SECTION 11.09. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee
  	  	101 	 
    SECTION 11.10. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Series
    2010-1 Notes
  	  	102 	 
    SECTION 11.11. Suits for Enforcement
  	  	103 	 
    SECTION 11.12. Rights of Series 2010-1 Noteholders to Direct Trustee
  	  	103 	 
    SECTION 11.13. Representations and Warranties of Trustee
  	  	103 	 
    SECTION 11.14. Maintenance of Office or Agency
  	  	104 	 
    SECTION 11.15. Trustee May Own Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	104 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE XII SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE
  	  	104 	 
    SECTION 12.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of the Indenture
  	  	104 	 
    SECTION 12.02. Final Distribution
  	  	105 	 
    SECTION 12.03. Release of Liens
  	  	105 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
  	  	106 	 
    SECTION 13.01. Amendment; Waiver of Default Events
  	  	106 	 
    SECTION 13.02. Protection of Right, Title and Interest to Trust Assets
  	  	107 	 
    SECTION 13.03. Limitation on Rights of Series 2010-1 Noteholders
  	  	108 	 
    SECTION 13.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of
    Process
  	  	108 	 
    SECTION 13.05. Notices; Payments
  	  	109 	 
    SECTION 13.06. Assignment of the Issuer Purchase Agreement;
    Substitution Under the Powers of Attorney
  	  	110 	 
    SECTION 13.07. Severability of Provisions
  	  	110 	 
    SECTION 13.08. Assignment
  	  	110 	 
    SECTION 13.09. Further Assurances
  	  	110 	 
    SECTION 13.10. Nonpetition Covenant
  	  	111 	 
    SECTION 13.11. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
  	  	111 	 
    SECTION 13.12. Counterparts
  	  	111 	 
    SECTION 13.13. Third-Party Beneficiaries
  	  	111 	 
    SECTION 13.14. Actions by Series 2010-1 Noteholders
  	  	111 	 
    SECTION 13.15. Merger and Integration
  	  	112 	 
    SECTION 13.16. Headings
  	  	112 	 
    SECTION 13.17. Tax and Usury Treatment
  	  	112 	 
    SECTION 13.18. Liability of the Issuer
  	  	112 	 
    SECTION 13.19. Offers to Purchase Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	112 	 
   
  	  	  	 
  ARTICLE XIV THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE
  	  	112 	 
    SECTION 14.01. Duties of Collateral Trustee
  	  	112 	 
    SECTION 14.02. Certain Matters Affecting the Collateral Trustee
  	  	114 	 
    SECTION 14.03. Collateral Trustee Not Liable for Recitals in Series
    2010-1 Notes
  	  	116 	 

iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
    SECTION 14.04. Compensation; Collateral Trustees Expenses;
    Indemnification
  	  	117 	 
    SECTION 14.05. Eligibility Requirements for Collateral Trustee
  	  	117 	 
    SECTION 14.06. Resignation or Removal of Collateral Trustee
  	  	117 	 
    SECTION 14.07. Successor Collateral Trustee
  	  	118 	 
    SECTION 14.08. Merger or Consolidation of Collateral Trustee
  	  	118 	 
    SECTION 14.09. Tax Returns
  	  	119 	 
    SECTION 14.10. Representations and Warranties of Collateral Trustee
  	  	119 	 
    SECTION 14.11. Maintenance of Office or Agency
  	  	119 	 
    SECTION 14.12. Collateral Trustee May Own Series 2010-1 Notes
  	  	119 	 

SCHEDULES
  	  	 
Schedule I
  	Credit Policy Manual
Schedule II
  	Issuers Chief Executive Office and Location of Records
Schedule III
  	Settlement Lock-Box Banks, Annuity Lock-Box Banks, Settlement 
Lock-Boxes, Annuity Lock-Boxes, Settlement Lock-Box Accounts and Annuity 
Lock-Box Accounts
Schedule IV
  	ERISA Matters

EXHIBITS
  	  	 
Exhibit A
  	Form of Settlement Purchase Agreements
Exhibit B
  	Lock-Box Notices
Exhibit C
  	Form of Letter to be Delivered by Accredited Investors on the Closing 
Date
Exhibit D
  	Form of Letter to be Delivered by Accredited Investors in Connection 
with Subsequent Transfers
Exhibit E
  	Form of Daily Report
Exhibit F
  	Form of Monthly Report and Compliance Certificate
Exhibit G
  	Model Structured Settlement Statute
Exhibit H
  	Form of Rule 144A Transfer Certificate
Exhibit I
  	Form of Regulation S Transfer Certificate

iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     THIS MASTER TRUST INDENTURE, dated as of September 24, 2010, is by and 
among IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS FINANCING 2010, LLC, a Georgia limited liability 
company, as the Issuer, PORTFOLIO FINANCIAL SERVICING COMPANY, a Delaware 
corporation, as the Initial Master Servicer, and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, 
a Delaware banking corporation, as the Trustee and as the Collateral 
Trustee.


RECITALS OF THE ISSUER

     The Issuer has duly authorized the creation and issuance of the Series 
2010-1 Notes (defined below), which shall have the tenor and be in the 
amount set forth herein and in the Supplement. In order to provide for the 
foregoing, the Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of 
this Indenture.

     The Series 2010-1 Notes shall each be limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer and shall be secured solely by and paid from the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders respective allocable shares of the Trust Assets as set forth 
herein. If and to the extent that such allocable share is insufficient to 
pay all amounts owing with respect to such Series 2010-1 Notes, then, 
except as otherwise expressly provided hereunder, the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders of such Series 2010-1 Notes shall have no claim in respect of 
such insufficiency against the Issuer or any of its other assets or 
properties.

     All things necessary to (a) make the Series 2010-1 Notes, when 
executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee 
hereunder and duly issued by the Issuer, the valid obligations of the 
Issuer, and (b) make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Issuer, in 
each case, in accordance with their respective terms, have been done.


NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

     That the Issuer, in consideration of the premises herein contained and 
of the purchase of the Series 2010-1 Notes by the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders, and for other good and lawful consideration, the receipt of 
which is hereby acknowledged, will, pursuant to the Supplement, in order to 
secure, equally and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction, 
except as specifically otherwise set forth in this Indenture and in the 
Supplement, the payment of the Series 2010-1 Notes issued pursuant to the 
Supplement, the payment of all other amounts due under or in connection 
with the Series 2010-1 Notes or with this Indenture, and the performance 
and observance of all of the covenants and conditions contained herein or 
in the Series 2010-1 Notes, from time to time grant a security interest, 
convey, transfer, assign and deliver, in each case, to the Trustee, its 
successors and assigns and its or their assigns forever, to have and to 
hold in trust for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders all and 
singular in the property hereinafter described, to wit:

     All of the Issuers right, title and interest in, to and under, (i) 
each Receivable set forth on the List of Receivables delivered by the 
Issuer to the Trustee on or before the Closing Date and each Advance Date, 
(ii) all Related Property relating to such Receivables, (iii) all monies 
due or to become due and all Collections and other amounts received from 
time to time with respect to such Receivables on or after the applicable 
Cut-Off Date, (iv) any Settlement Lock-Box

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Account, any Settlement Lock-Box, any Annuity Lock-Box Account, any Annuity 
Lock-Box, the Master Collection Account, the Series Collection Account, the 
Series Reserve Account, the Series Payment Account, any other Series 
Account and the Trustees Account, together with all monies from time to 
time on deposit in any such account, and all Eligible Investments and other 
securities, instruments and other investments purchased from funds on 
deposit in any such Account, and (v) all proceeds (including, without 
limitation, proceeds as defined in the UCC of the jurisdiction the law of 
which governs the perfection of the security interest in such Receivables) 
of any of the foregoing. Such property described in the preceding sentence, 
and the security interest granted to the Trustee pursuant to Section 13.06 
hereof, together with any other property identified as Series Trust 
Assets in the Supplement, shall constitute the Trust Assets.

     It is expressly agreed that, anything herein contained to the contrary 
notwithstanding, the Issuer shall remain liable under any instrument or 
documents included in the Trust Assets to perform all of the obligations 
assumed by it hereunder, all in accordance with and pursuant to the terms 
and provisions thereof and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Indenture, the Trustee shall not have any obligations or liabilities under 
such instruments or documents by reason of or arising out of this 
Indenture, nor shall the Trustee be required or obligated in any manner to 
perform or fulfill any obligations of Issuer under or pursuant to such 
instruments or documents or to may any payment, to make any inquiry as to 
the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by it, to present or file 
any claim or to take any action to collect or enforce the payment of any 
amounts which may have been assigned to it or to which it may be entitled 
at any time or times.

     AND IT IS HEREBY COVENANTED, DECLARED AND AGREED by and between the 
parties hereto that all Series 2010-1 Notes are to be issued, countersigned 
and delivered and that all of the Trust Assets are to be held and applied, 
subject to the further covenants, conditions, releases, uses and trusts 
hereinafter set forth, and the Issuer and the Master Servicer, in each 
case, for itself and its successors, does hereby covenant and agree to and 
with the Trustee and each of the foregoings respective successors in said 
trust, for the benefit of those who shall hold the Series 2010-1 Notes, or 
any of them, as follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

     SECTION 1.01. Definitions. Whenever used in this Agreement, the 
following words and phrases shall have the following meanings, and the 
definitions of such terms are applicable to the singular as well as the 
plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine 
and neuter genders of such terms.

     An Act of one or more Series 2010-1 Noteholders has the meaning 
specified in Section 1.04.

     Advance shall have the meaning specified in the Supplement.

     Advance Date shall have the meaning specified in the Supplement.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Affiliate shall mean, with reference to any specified Person, any 
other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such 
specified Person; provided, that for purposes of this Agreement when used 
with respect to Issuer or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or 
Affiliates, any limited partners of such Persons shall also be deemed 
Affiliates of any such Person. For the purposes of this definition, 
control when used with reference to any specified Person shall mean the 
power to direct the management and policies of such specified Person, 
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, 
by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have 
meanings correlative to the foregoing.

     Affiliated Entity means any of the Seller, the Issuer or any 
Affiliate of any of the foregoing.

     Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance shall mean, with respect to 
any designated group of Receivables at any time, the sum at such time of 
the respective Discounted Receivables Balances of such Receivables.

     Aggregate Principal Balance shall mean, with respect to any 
designated group of Series 2010-1 Notes, the sum at such time of the 
respective Principal Balances of such Series 2010-1 Notes.

     Agreement or Indenture shall mean this Master Trust Indenture, as 
the same may from time to time be amended, modified or otherwise 
supplemented, including, by the Supplement.

     A.M. Best shall mean A.M. Best Company or its successor.

     Annuitant shall mean, with respect to any Assignable Annuity 
Contract, the natural person, if any, identified as the annuitant or 
measuring life, or similar, thereunder.

     Annuity Beneficiary shall mean, with respect to any Assignable 
Annuity Contract, collectively, the Person or Persons (i) receiving or 
entitled to receive Scheduled Payments thereunder (which may include any 
Annuity Owner and/or Annuitant), (ii) if any, identified as the 
beneficiary or contingent beneficiary or payee, or similar, 
thereunder and/or (iii) otherwise entitled to acquire pursuant to the terms 
of such Assignable Annuity Contract any immediate or contingent right to 
receive Scheduled Payments thereunder upon the death of the related 
Annuitant or Annuity Owner, in each case prior to giving effect to an 
assignment of such Assignable Annuity Contract to the Company.

     Annuity Contract shall mean any Settlement Annuity Contract or 
Assignable Annuity Contract.

     Annuity Facility Documents shall mean the Annuity Purchase 
Agreements and any other agreements, instruments, certificates or documents 
delivered or contemplated to be delivered thereunder or in connection 
therewith, as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time 
hereafter in accordance with the terms thereof, and Annuity Facility 
Document shall mean any of the foregoing.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Annuity Lock-Box Account shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 4.02(b).

     Annuity Lock-Box shall mean any post office box identified as an 
Annuity Lock-Box on Schedule III into which Collections are received.

     Annuity Lock-Box Bank shall have the meaning specified in Section 
4.02(b).

     Annuity Owner shall mean, with respect to any Assignable Annuity 
Contract, collectively, the Person or Persons identified therein as owner 
or annuity holder or contract holder, or any similar designation that 
indicates the party who owns the Assignable Annuity Contract, in each case 
prior to giving effect to an assignment thereof to the Seller.

     Annuity Package shall mean, as it relates to any Annuity Receivable, 
fully executed copies of all documentation related to the purchase of the 
related Assignable Annuity Contract by the Seller, and shall include, 
without limitation, (i) a copy of the Annuity Purchase Agreement related 
thereto, executed by the Seller and the Individual Annuity Seller, and all 
documents required to be delivered to the Seller pursuant thereto, (ii) a 
copy of the Assignable Annuity Contract, unless such copy is unavailable 
from both the Individual Annuity Seller and the Assignable Annuity Provider 
after inquiry therefor by the Individual Annuity Seller and by the Seller 
in accordance with the Credit Policy Manual; provided, that, for any 
Annuity Receivable with respect to which the related Assignable Annuity 
Contract constitutes a part of, or is subject to, a group contract or 
group policy, or the like, a complete copy of the Assignable Annuity 
Contract (including any group contract or group policy or any related 
riders or endorsements) shall be included in the related Annuity Package, 
(iii) a copy of the Assignable Annuity Provider Acknowledgment, (iv) a 
credit report with respect to the applicable Individual Annuity Seller 
(unless such Individual Annuity Seller was deceased or the subject of a 
bankruptcy proceeding, in which case a credit report shall not be 
required), (vi) evidence that the Seller has paid the purchase price with 
respect to such Annuity Receivable, (vii) a statement by the Assignable 
Annuity Provider (a) confirming that such Assignable Annuity Contract (1) 
has been issued to the Annuity Owner and (2) remains in force, (b) 
identifying the amount and payment date for each scheduled payment owing 
thereunder and (c) confirming that such scheduled payments are payable by 
such Assignable Annuity Provider on such dates without regard to the life 
or death of the Annuitant, (viii) UCC lien search reports against the 
Individual Annuity Seller, (ix) any other documentation that is expressly 
required to be included in such Annuity Package under the terms of the 
Annuity Facility Documents, and (x) all other applicable notices, 
agreements, instruments and documents required to be obtained under any 
applicable laws relating to the transfer of Assignable Annuity Contracts in 
each Approved Annuity State related thereto.

     Annuity Provider shall mean, with respect to any Annuity Receivable, 
the related Assignable Annuity Provider, and with respect to any Settlement 
Receivable, the related Settlement Annuity Provider.

     Annuity Purchase Agreement shall mean any agreement substantially in 
the form of Exhibit E pursuant to which an Individual Annuity Seller sells, 
assigns and conveys to the Seller all or a portion of the Individual 
Annuity Sellers right, title and interest in an Assignable Annuity 
Contract including without limitation any payments payable to the 
Individual Annuity Seller thereunder.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Annuity Receivable shall mean all rights (a) to all Scheduled 
Payments (other than any related Split Payments) due or to become due under 
an Assignable Annuity Contract, and (b) all other rights (but not 
obligations or liabilities) purchased by the Seller from an Individual 
Annuity Seller pursuant to an Annuity Purchase Agreement, whether such 
Scheduled Payments (or such portions thereof) or other rights constitute 
accounts, general intangibles (including, without limitation, payment 
intangibles), investment property, intangible or tangible chattel paper 
(including, without limitation, electronic chattel paper), instruments, 
documents, securities, cash, supporting obligations or any other kind of 
property, and Annuity Receivables shall mean all such Receivables. 
Without limiting the foregoing in any way, it is understood and agreed that 
the Holders of Notes of any Series shall only have rights to, and recourse 
against, the Series Receivables for such Series, and shall have no rights 
in, or recourse against, any Receivables relating to any other Series. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Annuity Receivable shall not 
include any Scheduled Payments due prior to the applicable Series Cut-Off 
Date for the Series to which such Annuity Receivable is to be allocated.

     Applicable Lock-Box Account shall mean any Annuity Lock-Box Account 
or Settlement Lock-Box Account.

     Applicable Lock-Box shall mean any Annuity Lock-Box or Settlement 
Lock-Box.

     Applicable Lock-Box Bank shall mean any Annuity Lock-Box Bank or 
Settlement Lock-Box Bank.

     Approved Annuity State shall mean with reference to any Series at 
any time (a) each Approved Annuity State specified in the applicable 
Supplement or (b) if none are so specified, each of the 50 states within 
the United States except for New Hampshire, Vermont, Wisconsin and the 
District of Columbia.

     Approved State shall mean, at any time, any state that has adopted a 
Transfer Statute (and which Transfer Statute is effective as of the date of 
determination) authorizing, upon the issuance of an appropriate court 
order, transfers by Claimants of rights to receive Scheduled Payments 
arising under Settlement Agreements, which statute is substantially similar 
to the model structured settlement transfer statute attached hereto as 
Exhibit G.

     Assignable Annuity Contract shall mean any annuity contract, rights 
to receive payments arising under an annuity contract, which annuity 
contract does not prohibit the assignment of any rights arising thereunder 
by any related Annuity Beneficiary or Annuity Owner.

     Assignable Annuity Provider shall mean, with respect to any Annuity 
Receivable, the insurance company that (i) is identified on the related 
Assignable Annuity Contract as the issuer, insurer or similar and (ii) 
has an obligation to make periodic payments pursuant to the Assignable 
Annuity Contract with respect to such Annuity Receivable.

     Assignable Annuity Provider Acknowledgment shall mean, with respect 
to any Annuity Receivable, an acknowledgment signed by the related 
Assignable Annuity Provider pursuant to which such Assignable Annuity 
Provider shall have (i) acknowledged (and consented to, if required by the 
terms of the related Assignable Annuity Contract), (ii) agreed to reflect 
such

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

ownership and other rights in its books and records, (iii) agreed that 
there shall have been no previous effective assignments by the related 
Annuity Owner of the related Assignable Annuity Contract (other than 
pursuant to the related Annuity Purchase Agreement) and (iv) agreed to 
deliver the related Scheduled Payments to the Annuity Lock-Box.

     Assignee shall mean the Person to which the obligations to make 
payments under a Settlement Agreement have been assigned pursuant to an 
Assignment and shall include, without limitation, a Qualified Assignee.

     Assignment shall mean an assignment of the obligations to make 
payments under a Settlement to an Assignee, including, without limitation, 
a Qualified Assignment.

     Available Issuer Funds shall mean at any time all cash of the Issuer 
to the extent fully distributable by the Issuer at the Issuers discretion.

     Back-up Servicer shall mean Imperial or any successor thereto as 
Back-up Servicer under the Imperial BUSA.

     Back-up Servicing Agreement shall mean the Imperial BUSA.

     Back-up Servicing Fee shall mean, with respect to any Payment Date, 
the sum of (i) the product of (x) 1/12 (or, in the case of the initial 
Payment Date, a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from 
(and including) the Closing Date to (but excluding) such Payment Date and 
the denominator of which is 360) times (y) the Back-up Servicing Fee Rate, 
times (z) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of all Series 
Receivables on the first day of the Collection Period immediately preceding 
such Payment Date plus (ii) any accrued and unpaid Back-up Servicing Fees 
with respect to any Payment Dates preceding the Payment Date for which such 
determination is being made; provided, that, with respect to any Collection 
Period (or portion thereof) during which the obligations of the Back-up 
Servicer have been terminated in accordance with the terms of the Back-up 
Servicing Agreement, the Back-up Servicing Fee shall be zero (0.0).

     Back-up Servicing Fee Rate shall mean 0.02%.

     Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or 
any other day on which national banking associations or state banking 
institutions in New York, New York or Wilmington, Delaware are authorized 
or obligated by law, executive order or governmental decree to be closed.

     Certificated Notes shall mean permanent certificated Series 2010-1 
Notes issued to Institutional Accredited Investors or Affiliated Entities 
that are not Qualified Institutional Buyers pursuant to Section 6.01(e).

     Claimant shall mean, with respect to any Settlement, the Person 
entitled to receive the Settlement under the terms of the Settlement 
Agreement who has agreed to sell his interest in such Settlement (or a 
portion thereof) to the Seller pursuant to a Settlement Purchase Agreement 
which in turn has been sold to the Issuer under the Issuer Purchase 
Agreement.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Clearstream shall mean Clearstream Banking, societé anonyme, a 
corporation organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

     Clearstream Account shall have the meaning specified in Section 
6.11(d).

     Clearstream Security shall mean a security (as defined in Section 
8-102(a)(15) of the UCC) that (i) is a debt security and (ii) is capable of 
being transferred to the relevant depositorys account at Clearstream 
pursuant to Article VI, whether or not such transfer occurred.

     Closing Date shall mean September 24, 2010.

     Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, together with the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.

     Collateral Trustee shall mean the Person serving in such capacity 
under this Agreement and the Supplement (not individually but solely in its 
capacity as Collateral Trustee); provided, that in any event, the 
Collateral Trustee shall at all times be the same Person as the Trustee. 
The initial Collateral Trustee shall be Wilmington Trust Company.

     Collateral Trustee Office has the meaning specified in Section 14.11
.

     Collection Period shall mean, with respect to any Payment Date, the 
calendar month immediately preceding the calendar month in which such 
Payment Date occurs.

     Collections shall mean with respect to all Receivables, all cash 
payments thereon and other cash proceeds thereof, whether in the form of 
cash, checks, wire transfers, electronic transfers or any other form of 
cash payment (including, without limitation, (x) from the Seller in 
connection with any repurchase of such Receivables (or the Issuers 
beneficial ownership thereof) pursuant to Section 2.04(s), (y) any 
substitution of additional Scheduled Payments or deposit of cash with 
respect to such Receivable or the Issuers interest therein pursuant to 
Section 2.04(s), or (z) any Holdback Replacement Payments made in respect 
thereof (as defined in the Supplement), including, without limitation, in 
each case with respect to all Receivables, any interest earned on such 
amounts while on deposit in any collection account; provided, however, that 
(i) Collections shall not include any Split Payments; (ii) Servicer 
Advances shall also be deemed to be Collections; and (iii) Collections 
shall not include any amounts related to Scheduled Payments due prior to 
the applicable Cut-Off Date for any Receivable.

     Common Depository shall mean The Depository Trust Company, its 
nominees, and their respective assigns.

     Control Party shall have the meaning specified in the Supplement.

     Credit Policy Manual shall mean the credit and collection policies 
and practices of the Seller, including, without limitation, those described 
in Schedule I hereto, in effect on the date hereof, relating to 
Receivables, as modified from time to time in compliance with Section 
2.06(g).

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Cut-Off Date shall have the meaning specified in the Supplement.

     Daily Report shall mean a report in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit E to be delivered by the Master Servicer to the Trustee and the 
Collateral Trustee on each Business Day, and relating to the preceding 
Business Day.

     Defaulted Receivable shall mean, unless otherwise specified in the 
Supplement exclusively with respect to the related Series designated 
thereunder, a Receivable with respect to which:

     (a) any Scheduled Payment (or any portion thereof) due thereunder has 
been or should have been deemed to be uncollectible by the Master Servicer 
or its sub-servicer in accordance with the Credit Policy Manual; provided, 
however, that only such portion of such Receivable that has been or should 
have been so deemed uncollectible shall constitute a Defaulted Receivable 
pursuant to this clause (a);

     (b) the Trustee does not have a first priority perfected security 
interest, free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens;

     (c) the related Annuity Provider has become or has been deemed 
insolvent, and either (x) its liquidation or rehabilitation plan has caused 
the stated amount of the Scheduled Payments due in respect of the related 
Annuity Contract to be reduced, delayed or otherwise modified; provided, 
that only such portion of such Receivable which is so reduced, delayed or 
otherwise modified shall be deemed to be a Defaulted Receivable pursuant to 
this clause (x), (y) a liquidation or rehabilitation plan providing for the 
full payment of the related Annuity Contract has been adopted or approved 
by the applicable court but such order remains subject to appeal, or (z) no 
rehabilitation or reorganization plan dealing with payment of the related 
Annuity Contracts has yet been adopted and approved by the applicable 
court; provided, that in the case of clause (y) or (z) above, to the extent 
that such court has entered an order authorizing or requiring the continued 
payment in full of the Scheduled Payments owing by such Annuity Provider 
under the related Annuity Contract in accordance with the terms thereof 
pending the entry and approval of such a plan or such a plan becoming 
final, then such Receivables shall not be deemed to be Defaulted 
Receivables pursuant to this clause (c);

     (d) any Scheduled Payment (or any portion thereof) is more than 90 
days past due;

     (e) any Scheduled Payment (or any portion thereof) has been diverted 
by the Claimant or any other Person and such diverted payment has not been 
returned to the Issuer within 15 days after such diversion; or

     (f) any Person other than the Trustee obtains an interest in all or 
any portion of the Scheduled Payments to be made thereunder; provided, that 
this clause (f) shall not be deemed to include any interest of any such 
other Person in any Scheduled Payment (or portion thereof) to the extent 
constituting (i) any Split Payment obligation owing to any Claimant or 
Individual Annuity Seller with respect thereto, (ii) a Permitted Lien or 
(iii) any Lien granted by, or imposed against, any of the Noteholders or 
the Trustee covering such Scheduled Payment;

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     it being understood and agreed, that a Receivable that was a Defaulted 
Receivable may thereafter cease to be deemed a Defaulted Receivable if such 
Receivable is Rehabilitated.

     Definitive Notes shall mean Series 2010-1 Notes issued to individual 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders in the form of registered Series 2010-1 Notes in 
exchange for U.S. Global Notes or Regulation S Notes pursuant to Section 
6.03(c).

     Deposit Account shall mean any of the Master Collection Account, the 
Series Collection Account, the Series Reserve Account, any Settlement 
Lock-Box Account, any Annuity Lock-Box Account, the Series Payment Account, 
and any other bank accounts established and maintained for the benefit of 
the Issuer or Series 2010-1, and Deposit Accounts shall mean all such 
accounts, collectively.

     Discount Rate shall mean the per annum rate specified as such in the 
Supplement.

     Discounted Receivables Balance shall mean, with respect to any 
Receivable at any time, the present value at such time of the Scheduled 
Payments (net of the Split Payment obligations associated therewith) 
included as a Receivable discounted at the applicable Discount Rate.

     Eligible Annuity Receivable shall mean, with reference to any 
Series, unless otherwise specified in the Supplement for such Series, an 
Annuity Receivable designated as a Series Receivable for such Series in 
respect of which, on the Series Closing Date for such Series (or for any 
Annuity Receivable that is not such a Series Receivable on such Series 
Closing Date, on such later date as such Receivable shall become a Series 
Receivable for such Series in accordance with the terms hereof and of the 
related Supplement):

     (a) (x) all Scheduled Payments required to be made thereon to the 
Seller or the Issuer from the time of the Sellers purchase of such 
Receivable have been paid (or no portion thereof is past due more than 
thirty (30) days at such time) and (y) no such Scheduled Payments have been 
diverted from the Seller or the Issuer, unless, in either case, such 
Receivable shall have been and continues to be Rehabilitated (in which case 
only the Rehabilitated portion of such Receivable shall constitute an 
Eligible Annuity Receivable hereunder);

     (b) (x) such Annuity Receivable was purchased by the Seller from an 
Individual Annuity Seller that purchased the related Assignable Annuity 
Contract from the related Assignable Annuity Provider at the time of the 
original issuance thereof, or otherwise acquired ownership of such annuity 
contract, in either case in full compliance with (1) the terms thereof, (2) 
the terms of any predecessor annuity contract in respect of which the 
related Assignable Annuity Contract was issued as a full or partial 
replacement, and (3) all applicable laws, including if applicable any 
insurable interest requirements, and (y) with respect to which the related 
Assignable Annuity Contract was issued in full compliance with all 
applicable laws, including if applicable any insurable interest 
requirements;

     (c) the Assignable Annuity Contract relating to such Receivable has 
been duly authorized and issued and constitutes the legal, valid and 
binding obligation of the related Assignable Annuity Provider and is not 
subject to rescission, reduction, set-off or other defenses and does not 
contravene in any material respect any requirement of law applicable 
thereto;

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (d) such Receivable was purchased by the Seller (x) at least six (6) 
months after the issuance of the related Assignable Annuity Contract by the 
related Assignable Annuity Provider, unless the Seller shall have provided 
documentation confirming that the Individual Annuity Seller (or, if 
applicable, its predecessor in interest) did not procure such annuity 
contract with the intention to assign it, and (y) after the expiration of 
any contestability or rescission period applicable to such Assignable 
Annuity Contract;

     (e) such Receivable was purchased by the Seller from the related 
Individual Annuity Seller pursuant to an Annuity Purchase Agreement and 
sold to the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer Purchase Agreement, in each case 
in full compliance with all applicable laws and with the terms of the 
related Assignable Annuity Contract;

     (f) the related Assignable Annuity Contract is denominated and payable 
only in U.S. Dollars and payments in respect of which will be made without 
deduction or withholding for any federal income tax or any premium or 
similar tax;

     (g) neither the related Assignable Annuity Contract nor the related 
Assignable Annuity Provider, prior to the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer, has designated any Person as an irrevocable beneficiary or 
irrevocable payee thereof;

     (h) (x) after the acquisition of such Assignable Annuity Contract by 
the Issuer, the Assignable Annuity Provider shall have designated the 
Issuer or its designee as the sole payee, beneficiary and owner thereof, 
and copies of documentation reflecting such designations in such Assignable 
Annuity Providers books and records shall have been included in the 
related Annuity Package;

     (i) the following are true: (I) the Seller has conducted a UCC lien 
search and obtained a credit report with respect to the related Individual 
Annuity Seller, (II) such Annuity Receivable is not subject to any 
outstanding lien, encumbrance, deduction, withholding, dispute, litigation, 
counterclaim, defense (including usury), rescission, or set-off, including 
garnishment proceedings, with respect thereto in each case other than 
Permitted Liens; provided that only such portion of such Annuity Receivable 
which is subject to any of the foregoing shall be deemed ineligible 
pursuant to this clause (II); (III) such Annuity Receivable is not 
evidenced by any instrument or chattel paper; and (IV) such Receivable is 
not a Defaulted Receivable;

     (j) the Back-up Servicer has verified its receipt of all documents 
required to be contained in the related Annuity Package in accordance with 
the definition thereof and the Back-up Servicing Agreement;

     (k) the Issuer shall have obtained a first priority, indefeasible 
ownership interest in, and good title to, such Annuity Receivable, the 
related Assignable Annuity Contract and in all Scheduled Annuity Payments 
due thereunder, free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any 
Person (except for the portion(s) of any such Scheduled Payments that 
constitute Split Payments or any Permitted Liens);

     (l) with respect to such Annuity Receivable, each person that is an 
Annuity Owner, an Annuitant or an Annuity Beneficiary shall have entered 
into an Annuity Purchase Agreement pursuant to which it has (x) sold to the 
Seller all of its right, title and interest under the related

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Assignable Annuity Contract or (y) if it has no such right, title or 
interest, acknowledged the sale or purported sale to the Seller of all 
right, title and interest thereunder by other parties to such Annuity 
Purchase Agreement;

     (m) under the related Assignable Annuity Contract (x) all Scheduled 
Payments are guaranteed payments that are required to be made at the times 
and in the amounts specified in the related Annuity Purchase Agreement, 
without regard to whether the Individual Annuity Seller or any other Person 
is or continues to be alive, and (y) no payment will be made at the 
election of the Assignable Annuity Provider upon or as a result of the 
death of the Annuitant or any other Person if such payment would not 
otherwise be required to be made at such time;

     (n) the assignment of such Receivable to both the Seller and the 
Issuer (w) is not prohibited by the terms of the related Assignable Annuity 
Contract, (x) is not subject to any life settlement, senior settlement or 
viatical settlement statute or regulation, (y) does not require any 
conditions to be satisfied, either under law or the related Assignable 
Annuity Contract, to be permissible or to become fully effective, that 
shall not have been satisfied at the time of each such assignment, and (z) 
does not require any consents or approvals, either under law or the related 
Assignable Annuity Contract, to be permissible or to become fully 
effective, except those consents or approvals which have been obtained and 
are evidenced by documentation included in the related Annuity Package;

     (o) all premium obligations under the related Assignable Annuity 
Contract were paid in full by the Annuity Owner (or any predecessor 
thereof) prior to the purchase thereof by the Seller, and no further 
amounts are required to be paid to the related Assignable Annuity Provider 
or any other Person to maintain such Assignable Annuity Contract in full 
force and effect;

     (p) the total purchase price (excluding, other than with respect to 
any substituted Receivable pursuant to Section 2.04(s) hereof, any holdback 
funds in respect thereof) has been paid in full by the Seller to the 
Individual Annuity Seller under the applicable Annuity Purchase Agreement, 
by the Issuer to the Seller under the Issuer Purchase and Contribution 
Agreement, and all obligations of the Seller under such Annuity Purchase 
Agreement and of the Seller under the Issuer Purchase and Contribution 
Agreement have been fully performed, in each case to fully effectuate the 
purchase of such Annuity Receivable;

     (q) such Receivable was originated by the Seller in accordance with 
its policies and procedures and in the ordinary course of its business;

     (r) no related Individual Annuity Seller was a minor in any 
jurisdiction in which such Individual Annuity Seller was a resident at the 
time of such Individual Annuity Sellers execution of the related Annuity 
Purchase Agreement;

     (s) such Receivable was purchased by the Seller from an Individual 
Annuity Seller that was a resident of an Approved Annuity State both at the 
time of the issuance of such Assignable Annuity Contract and at the time of 
such purchase by the Seller;

     (t) the terms and conditions of the related Annuity Purchase Agreement 
complied with all applicable federal, state, and local laws; provided, that 
this clause (u) shall not be construed to limit the scope of clause (b);

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (u) (x) the purchase of such Receivable by the Seller was made 
pursuant to and in full compliance with the Credit Policy Manual and (y) 
Collections in respect of which, from and after the date of the Companys 
purchase thereof, have been received, collected and otherwise pursued by 
the Seller or the Master Servicer (or its sub-servicer) pursuant to and in 
full compliance with the policies and procedures set forth in the Credit 
Policy Manual;

     (v) neither the related Assignable Annuity Contract nor any document 
in the related Annuity Package has been satisfied, subordinated or 
rescinded;

     (w) the related Annuity Purchase Agreement is subject to, and 
expressly governed by the laws of, an Approved Annuity State (and not any 
state that is not an Approved Annuity State); and

     (x) the related Assignable Annuity Provider is not a Governmental 
Authority.

     Eligible Institution shall mean a commercial bank or trust company 
organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the 
states thereof, including the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch 
of a foreign bank), which at all times (i) is a member of the FDIC, has a 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 and (ii)(a) with 
respect to Wilmington Trust Company, has a certificate of deposit rating or 
long-term unsecured senior debt rating of at least BBB- (or the 
equivalent thereof) by each of S&P and Moodys or (b) with respect to any 
other commercial bank or trust company, has a certificate of deposit rating 
or long-term unsecured senior debt rating of at least BBB+ (or the 
equivalent thereof) by each of S&P and Moodys; provided, however, that (x) 
a commercial bank which does not satisfy the requirements set forth in 
clause (ii) shall nonetheless be deemed to be an Eligible Institution for 
purposes of holding any Deposit Account or any other account so long as 
such commercial bank is a federally or state chartered depository 
institution subject to regulations regarding fiduciary funds on deposit 
substantially similar to 12 C.F.R. §9.10(b) and such account is maintained 
as a segregated trust account with the corporate trust department of such 
bank and (y) in the event that Wilmington Trust Company fails to satisfy 
the requirements set forth in clause (ii)(a), Wilmington Trust Company 
shall nonetheless be deemed to be an Eligible Institution for all purposes 
of this Agreement and the other Operative Documents unless the Control 
Party shall have delivered written notice to the Issuer and the Master 
Servicer requesting the resignation of Wilmington Trust Company as Trustee, 
Collateral Trustee or holder of any Deposit Account, in which case 
Wilmington Trust Company shall cease to be considered an Eligible 
Institution for the purposes described in such written notice on the 
sixtieth (60th) day following the Issuers and the Master Servicers 
receipt of such notice.

     Eligible Investments shall mean book-entry securities entered on the 
books of the registrar of such security and held in the name or on behalf 
of the Trustee or negotiable instruments or securities represented by 
instruments in bearer or registered form which evidence:

     (a) direct obligations of and obligations fully guaranteed as to 
timely payment by, the full faith and credit of the United States of 
America or any agency or instrumentality thereof;

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (b) demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, and 
federal funds sold by, depository institutions or trust companies 
incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state 
thereof (or domestic branches of foreign banks), subject to supervision and 
examination by Federal or state banking or depository institution 
authorities, and having, at the time of the Issuers investment or 
contractual commitment to invest therein, a short-term unsecured debt 
rating of P-1 or better by Moodys and A-1 or better by S&P;

     (c) commercial paper having, at the time of the Issuers investment or 
contractual commitment to invest therein, a rating of P-1 or better by 
Moodys and A-1 or better by S&P;

     (d) readily marketable investments in money market funds (including 
funds for which the Trustee or any of its affiliates acts as an investment 
adviser or manager) (which money market funds may be 12b-1 funds, as 
contemplated under the rules promulgated by the Securities Exchange 
Commission under the Investment Company Act) or in mutual funds (including 
funds for which the Trustee or any of its affiliates acts as an investment 
adviser or manager) having as their sole investments any of the investments 
described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), which in either case 
(i) are rated Aaa by Moodys and AAA by S&P and (ii) seek to maintain a 
constant net asset value; or

     (e) investment agreements or guaranteed investment contracts issued or 
guaranteed by an entity with a long-term senior debt or financial strength 
rating of Aaa and AAA by Moodys and S&P, respectively,

in each case, provided that all such investments do not have a final 
maturity date occurring later than the Business Day immediately preceding 
the next Payment Date.

     Eligible Master Servicer shall mean PFSC or any other operating 
entity which, at the time of its appointment as Master Servicer, (a) is 
servicing a portfolio of receivables having similar attributes as the 
Receivables, (b) is legally qualified and has the capacity to service the 
Receivables, and (c) is approved by the Control Party as having 
demonstrated the ability to professionally and competently service a 
portfolio of receivables of a nature similar to the Receivables in 
accordance with high standards of skill and care.

     Eligible Receivable shall mean, with reference to any Series, those 
Series Receivables that are either Eligible Settlement Receivables or 
Eligible Annuity Receivables.

     Eligible Settlement Receivable shall mean a Settlement Receivable 
designated as a Series Receivable in respect of which, on the Closing Date 
(or, for any Settlement Receivable that is not such a Series Receivable on 
such Closing Date, on such later Advance Date or other date as such 
Receivable shall become a Series Receivable in accordance with the terms 
hereof and of the Supplement):

     (a) (x) all Scheduled Payments required to be made thereon to the 
Seller and/or the Issuer, as applicable, from the time of their acquisition 
of such Receivable,

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

have been paid (or no portion thereof is past due more than thirty (30) 
days at such time) and (y) no such Scheduled Payments have been diverted 
from the Seller or the Issuer, unless, in either case, such Receivable 
shall have been and continues to be Rehabilitated (in which case only the 
Rehabilitated portion of such Receivable shall constitute an Eligible 
Receivable hereunder);

     (b) the underlying Settlement (x) does not arise from a settlement 
that is subject to appeal or court approval (unless such approval has been 
received and written evidence of such approval has been delivered to the 
Trustee and the Back-up Servicer) and (y) is the subject of a transaction 
in which the related Settlement Agreement remains in full force and effect 
notwithstanding any Assignees or Obligors purchase or ownership of any 
Settlement Annuity Contracts;

     (c) the underlying Settlement is denominated and payable only in U.S. 
Dollars, the related Claimant is a U.S. resident and payments on the 
underlying Settlement will be made without deduction or withholding for any 
Federal income tax;

     (d) if such Settlement is the subject of a Qualified Assignment or 
other assignment, the underlying Settlement Agreement releases all liable 
parties (other than the Assignee) under the applicable Settlement Agreement 
from all liability pertaining thereto;

     (e) except as provided in the Transfer Statute, neither the transfer 
thereof from the related Claimant to the Seller nor the underlying 
Settlement Agreement related thereto is subject to the law of a state or 
other jurisdiction which expressly prohibits the assignability of Scheduled 
Payments related to Settlements;

     (f) (i) the transfer thereof from the related Claimant to the Seller 
was approved as evidenced by a Transfer Order which remains in full force 
and effect and a copy of which has been delivered by the Seller to the 
related Obligor (and any Settlement Annuity Provider) in accordance with 
the Notice Procedures and (ii) the transfer thereof from the related 
Claimant to the Seller was made in full compliance with all applicable 
Requirements of Law (including without limitation Transfer Statutes);

     (g) the following are true: (I) the Seller has conducted a UCC lien 
search and has received a credit report with respect to the related 
Claimant; (II) such Receivable is not subject to any lien, encumbrance, 
deduction, withholding, dispute, litigation, counterclaim, defense 
(including usury), rescission, or set-off, including garnishment 
proceedings, with respect thereto; provided that only such portion of such 
Receivable which is subject to any of the foregoing shall be deemed 
ineligible pursuant to this clause (II), (III) such Receivable is not 
evidenced by any instrument or chattel paper, (IV) such Receivable is a 
payment intangible within the meaning of the UCC as adopted in the state 
in which the Claimant has its domicile, unless such UCC expressly excludes 
rights to payment under Settlements from the scope of Article 9 of such 
UCC, and (V) such Receivable is not a Defaulted Receivable;

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (h) the Back-up Servicer has verified (in a written certification to 
the Trustee for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders) its receipt 
of all documents required to be contained in the related Settlement Package 
in accordance with the definition thereof and the Back-up Servicing 
Agreement;

     (i) all notices (including, without limitation, notices to Obligors 
and Settlement Annuity Providers), filings and other actions required to 
(x) create an ownership interest in such Receivable in favor of the Seller 
as against the related Claimant, and in favor of the Issuer as against the 
Seller, and (y) perfect a first priority security interest therein in favor 
of the Trustee, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as against each of the 
Issuer and the Seller, in each case under the UCC and all other applicable 
Requirements of Law and in each case enforceable against the creditors 
and/or a bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession of or for the Seller 
and the Issuer have been given, made or taken (or, in the case of UCC 
filings, will have been made within ten days of the Closing Date);

     (j) such Receivable is included on the List of Receivables delivered 
either on the Closing Date, Advance Date or other date on which such 
Receivable shall become a Series Receivable in accordance with the terms 
hereof and of the Supplement;

     (k) the Issuer shall have obtained a first priority indefeasible 
ownership interest in, and good and valid title to, such Receivable and in 
all Scheduled Payments due thereunder, free and clear of any Lien, security 
interest, claim or encumbrance of any Person (except for the portion(s) of 
any such Scheduled Payments that constitute Split Payments or any Permitted 
Liens);

     (l) the payment of the underlying Settlement is supported by a 
Settlement Annuity Contract in the full amount thereof, or is the direct 
obligation of a highly-rated Obligor, and the Collections thereon have been 
directed to be made directly from the Settlement Annuity Provider (or, if 
none, the Obligor) relating thereto to a Settlement Lock-Box Account or a 
Settlement Lock-Box;

     (m) the Seller delivered timely notice of the proceeding giving rise 
to the Transfer Order in respect of such Receivable to each Notice Party in 
accordance with the Notice Procedures;

     (n) neither the related Settlement Agreement nor any other agreement 
relating thereto releases the Assignee (or, if there is no Assignee, the 
Settlement Counterparty thereunder) from liability thereunder as a result 
of the existence of any Settlement Annuity Contract purchased to fund the 
Settlement relating thereto;

     (o) the Claimant thereon did not at the time of its sale of such 
Receivable to the Seller pursuant to the applicable Settlement Purchase 
Agreement own the Settlement Annuity Contract related thereto;

     (p) all representations and warranties relating to such Receivable set 
forth in Section 2.05 hereof are true and correct;

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (q) no portion of the Obligors and/or the Settlement Annuity 
Providers obligation to make any of the Scheduled Payments under such 
Receivable may be terminated or prepaid at a discount as a result of the 
death of the related Claimant;

     (r) such Receivable was originated by the Seller (i) in accordance 
with the Credit Policy Manual and all applicable Requirements of Law and 
(ii) in the ordinary course of its business;

     (s) such Receivable is evidenced by each of a Settlement Agreement and 
a Settlement Purchase Agreement that is legal, valid and binding against 
all parties thereto;

     (t) the Settlement Agreement related to such Receivable evidences a 
contractual settlement of a personal injury or workers compensation claim 
and the related contractual obligation of the Obligor thereunder, and the 
related Claimants assignment of its rights under such Settlement Agreement 
does not constitute an assignment of a right represented by a judgment 
within the meaning of Section 9-109 of the UCC;

     (u) the related Claimant was not a minor in any jurisdiction in which 
he was a resident and/or to which the underlying Settlement Agreement was 
subject at the time of his transfer to the Seller of his rights under such 
Settlement Agreement;

     (v) the Sellers purchase of such Receivable and entry into the 
related Settlement Purchase Agreement were not made in violation of the 
terms of any (i) agreement entered into between the Seller or any of its 
Affiliates and any Obligor or Settlement Annuity Provider, including, 
without limitation, any requirement therein that the origination of such 
Receivable be made pursuant to any type of court order, (ii) class action 
settlement agreement entered into by the Seller or any of its Affiliates, 
(iii) other settlement agreement entered into by the Seller or any of its 
Affiliates and the Claimant related to such Receivable or (iv) agreement or 
stipulation entered into by the Seller or any of its Affiliates and the 
Attorney General of the jurisdiction the law of which governs such 
purchase;

     (w) such Receivable constituted a structured settlement factoring 
transaction which satisfied all applicable requirements of Section 5891 of 
the Code and in connection with which the Seller obtained a qualified 
order as defined in Section 5891 of the Code; provided, that if the 
related Transfer Order was not issued under the authority of an applicable 
State statute by an applicable State court (in each case, as defined in 
Section 5891 of the Code), such Receivable shall only constitute an 
Eligible Receivable if, as of the date of such transfer, (x) none of the 
states in which any of the related Claimant, the related Obligor or the 
related Settlement Annuity Provider were then domiciled had enacted a 
Transfer Statute or (y) the Seller and the related Claimant, Obligor and 
Settlement Annuity Provider (if any) collectively were unable to satisfy 
the jurisdictional requirements of any Transfer Statute in any such state 
as a matter of law;

     (x) the purchase of which by the Seller was made pursuant to and in 
full compliance with the Credit Policy Manual and all applicable 
Requirements of Law and

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(b) Collections in respect of which, since the date of the Sellers 
purchase thereof, have been received, collected and otherwise pursued by 
the Master Servicer pursuant to and in full compliance with the Credit 
Policy Manual and all applicable Requirements of Law;

     (y) with respect to such Receivable, the Seller obtained a Transfer 
Order either (i) in the jurisdiction in which the related Claimant was 
domiciled at the time of the Sellers purchase of the Scheduled Payments 
giving rise to such Receivable from such Claimant or (ii) if such 
jurisdiction did not at such time have a Transfer Statute, in the 
jurisdiction in which either (A) the applicable Obligor was domiciled at 
such time or (B) (1) the original claim giving rise to the related 
Structured Settlement was adjudicated and (2) the court adjudicating such 
claim had exclusive jurisdiction over such claim;

     (z) in respect of which the underlying Settlement Agreement does not 
arise under, and is not subject to, any workmens compensation statute as 
in effect in any applicable state or other jurisdiction, unless such 
Settlement Receivable is an Eligible Workers Compensation Receivable;

     (aa) the related Obligor is not a Governmental Authority;

     (bb) such Receivable was purchased (i) by the Seller pursuant to a 
Settlement Purchase Agreement, and (ii) by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement; and

     (cc) the total purchase price (excluding, other than with respect to 
any substituted Receivable pursuant to Section 2.04(s) hereof, any Holdback 
Funds in respect thereof) required to be paid by the Seller to the Claimant 
for such Receivable under the applicable Settlement Purchase Agreement has 
been paid in full and all obligations of the Seller to fully effectuate the 
purchase of such Receivable pursuant to the Settlement Purchase Agreement 
have been fully performed by the Seller (it being understood and agreed 
that the Seller may have a continuing obligation to remit Split Payments to 
such Claimant from time to time, but such obligation alone shall not render 
the foregoing incorrect).

     Eligible WC Transfer Statute shall mean any Transfer Statute that 
expressly permits assignments of Workers Compensation Receivables.

     Eligible Workers Compensation Receivable shall mean a Workers 
Compensation Receivable designated as a Series Receivable in respect of 
which, on the Closing Date (or, for any Workers Compensation Receivable 
that is not such a Series Receivable on such Closing Date, on the Advance 
Date or other date on which such Receivable shall become a Series 
Receivable in accordance with the terms hereof and of the Supplement):

     (a) arising under, and the Settlement Agreement and Settlement 
Purchase Agreement related to which shall have been entered into in 
compliance with, an Eligible Workers Compensation Statute, and, in 
connection with such Settlement Agreement and Settlement Purchase 
Agreement, the related Claimant and the Seller shall have obtained any and 
all required approvals under the laws of the jurisdiction that has enacted 
such

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Eligible Workers Compensation Statute, including, if applicable, the 
approval of the applicable workers compensation commission or similar 
Governmental Authority;

     (b) purchased by the Seller from the related Claimant pursuant to a 
Transfer Order issued by a court in accordance with an Eligible WC Transfer 
Statute;

     (c) in respect of which the related Settlement Counterparty has 
entered into an Assignment, and the related Assignee is the Obligor and has 
purchased a Settlement Annuity Contract from a Settlement Annuity Provider 
to fund the payment obligations assumed by it pursuant to such Assignment;

     (d) if such Workers Compensation Receivable is a Longshore Act 
Receivable, then (i) the related Claimant is (and was, on the effective 
date of the related Settlement Purchase Agreement) a resident of Alabama, 
Florida or Georgia, (ii) the situs of the Claimants employment out of 
which the underlying workers compensation claim arose was within Alabama, 
Florida or Georgia, and (iii) the related Transfer Order was obtained in a 
court, and pursuant to the Transfer Statute, of either Alabama, Florida or 
Georgia; and

     (e) if the related Eligible Workers Compensation Statute is the Texas 
workers compensation statute, T.C.A. Labor Code §401.001 et seq., then the 
related Claimant is a legal beneficiary of a deceased employee, the related 
Settlement represents the Claimants right to receive certain Scheduled 
Payments as a result of such employees death and the Claimant has obtained 
the consent of the Texas commissioner of workers compensation, all as 
contemplated by §408.202 of the above-referenced statute.

     Eligible Workers Compensation Statute shall mean (a) each Eligible 
Workers Compensation Statute specified in the Supplement or (b) if none 
are so specified, (i) any state or federal workers compensation statute 
that does not prohibit the transfer or assignment of benefits under such 
statute and (ii) the Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act, 33 
U.S.C. §916.

     ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder.

     ERISA Affiliate shall mean with respect to any Person, at any time, 
such trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that would, at the 
time, be treated together with such Person as a single employer under 
Section 4001 of ERISA or any of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the 
Code.

     Euroclear shall mean Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the 
Euroclear system.

     Euroclear Account shall have the meaning specified in Section 
6.11(c).

     Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes shall mean the Series 2010-1 
Notes delivered in book-entry form on the Closing Date or on any date 
thereafter through the facilities of Clearstream and Euroclear.

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Euroclear Security shall mean a security (as defined in Section 
8-102(a)(15) of the UCC) that (i) is a debt security and (ii) is capable of 
being transferred to the relevant depositorys account at Euroclear 
pursuant to Article VI, whether or not such transfer has occurred.

     Event of Default shall mean (a) any event described in clauses (a), 
(b) or (c) of Section 9.01, and (b) any Series Event of Default, but only 
to the extent giving rise to an Event of Default pursuant to the terms of 
the Supplement.

     Force Majeure Event shall mean any event due to any cause beyond the 
reasonable control of the Trustee or Master Servicer, such as restrictions 
on convertibility or transferability, requisitions, involuntary transfers, 
general unavailability of communications system, sabotage, fire, flood, 
explosions, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of 
any kind, riots, insurrection, war or acts of government.

     FDIC shall mean the Federal Deposit Insurance corporation or any 
successor.

     Fiscal Year shall mean the taxable year of the Issuer which shall be 
the calendar year (or such other year as is required by Section 706(b) of 
the Code).

     GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as are in 
effect from time to time in the United States of America and applied on a 
consistent basis.

     Global Notes shall mean the U.S. Global Notes and the Regulation S 
Global Notes.

     Governmental Authority shall mean any country or nation, any 
political subdivision of such country or nation, and any entity exercising 
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of 
or pertaining to government of any country or nation or political 
subdivision thereof.

     Granting Clause means the provisions of this Agreement and/or the 
Supplement effecting the grant by the Issuer to the Trustee of a security 
interest in the Trust Assets, as described in the Recitals hereto.

     Holder shall mean a Series 2010-1 Noteholder.

     Imperial shall mean Imperial Finance & Trading, LLC a Florida 
limited liability company.

     Imperial BUSA shall mean that certain Back-up Servicing Agreement, 
dated as of September 24, 2010, among Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee 
under each of the Indentures defined therein, the Collateral Trustee, the 
Initial Master Servicer and Imperial, as Back-up Servicer, as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

     Imperial Holdings shall mean Imperial Holdings, LLC, the sole member 
of the Seller.

     Indebtedness shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) the 
principal amount of all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) 
the principal amount of all obligations of

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, trust certificates or 
other similar instruments (in each case, other than the Series 2010-1 
Notes), (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase 
price of property or services recorded on the books of such Person, except 
for (a) trade and other similar accounts payable and accrued expenses 
arising in the ordinary course of business and (b) employee compensation 
and pension obligations and other obligations arising from employee benefit 
programs and agreements or other similar employment arrangements, (iv) all 
obligations of such Person as lessee which are capitalized on the books of 
such Person in accordance with GAAP, (v) all indebtedness or obligations 
(other than under this Agreement) which would constitute Indebtedness under 
the other provisions of this definition which are secured by a Lien on the 
assets of such Person, whether such Person has assumed the obligation to 
pay such indebtedness or obligation, and (vi) all obligations of such 
Person under any direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and 
obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or 
otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or 
obligations of others of the types which would constitute Indebtedness 
under the other provisions of this definition.

     Indemnified Party shall mean each of the Trustee (in its individual 
and trustee capacities), the Collateral Trustee (in its individual and 
collateral trustee capacities), the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, any other 
persons as may be named as indemnified parties in the Supplement and any 
Affiliate of any of the foregoing.

     Individual Annuity Seller shall mean, with respect to any Annuity 
Receivable, collectively, each Person that has entered into an Annuity 
Purchase Agreement pursuant to which it has (i) sold or purported to sell 
to the Seller all of its right, title and interest under the related 
Assignable Annuity Contract or (ii) if it has no such right, title or 
interest, acknowledged the sale or purported sale to the Seller of all 
right, title and interest thereunder by other parties to such Annuity 
Purchase Agreement.

     Initial Cut-Off Date shall mean the date specified as such in the 
Supplement.

     Initial Master Servicer shall mean PFSC in its capacity as the 
initial Master Servicer with respect to such Series pursuant to Section 
3.01.

     Initial Series Payment Date shall have the meaning specified in the 
Supplement.

     Initial Servicing Fee Rate shall mean 0.18%.

     Institutional Accredited Investor shall mean an institution that is 
an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), 
(3) or (7) under the Securities Act.

     Insolvency Event shall mean with respect to a specified Person, 
that:

     (a) such Person shall fail to, or admit in writing its inability to, 
pay its debts generally as they become due, or shall commence a voluntary 
case or other proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution or other similar law now or 
hereafter in effect, or shall consent to the appointment of or taking 
possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or 
sequestrator (or other similar official) for, such Person or for any 
substantial part of its

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

property, or shall make any general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, or shall take any corporate, partnership or company action 
authorizing the taking of any of the foregoing actions; or

     (b) a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the 
application or consent of such Person, in any court, seeking the 
liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or 
composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of a 
trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the 
like for such Person or any substantial part of its assets, or any similar 
action with respect to such Person under any law (foreign or domestic) 
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding up or 
composition or adjustment of debt, or any of the actions sought in such 
petition or proceeding, including the entering of an unappealable order for 
relief in respect of such Person or the appointment of any trustee, 
receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for 
such Person or any substantial portion of such Persons property shall be 
granted or otherwise occur, and any such case, proceeding or action shall 
continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of 30 days.

     Investment Company Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 
1940, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as 
amended from time to time.

     Investment Proceeds shall have the meaning specified in Section 
4.03(c).

     Issuer shall mean Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC, a 
Georgia limited liability company.

     Issuer Indemnified Losses shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 7.03.

     Issuer Interest shall have the meaning specified in the Supplement.

     Issuer Interest Holder shall have the meaning specified in the 
Supplement.

     Issuer Purchase Agreement shall mean that certain Purchase and 
Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Seller 
and the Issuer, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

     Issuers Account shall mean the checking account maintained by the 
Issuer for deposits by the Master Servicer, the Collateral Trustee or the 
Trustee in accordance with the Master Servicers instructions, as 
applicable pursuant hereto or to the Supplement. The initial Issuers 
Account shall be Account No. 1000090005843 maintained at SunTrust Bank, or 
such other account as the Issuer may designate for such purpose from time 
to time, maintained at such bank as the Issuer may designate from time to 
time.

     Issuer Split Payment Account shall mean an account maintained by the 
Collateral Trustee with an Eligible Institution pursuant to Section 4.03(a) 
and into which Split Payments are to be deposited in accordance with the 
Daily Reports and Section 4.03(a). The Issuer Split Payment Account shall 
initially be Account No. 1000089497233 maintained at SunTrust Bank.

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, 
participation interest, priority or other security agreement or 
preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, 
without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention 
agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic 
effect as any of the foregoing and the filing of any financing statement 
under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction to evidence any of the 
foregoing but not including any statutory liens with respect to payments 
not yet due and payable.

     List of Receivables shall mean, with reference to any Series, a list 
of the Receivables pledged by the Issuer on any Series Closing Date or any 
other date on which a Receivable shall become a Series Receivable in 
accordance with the terms hereof and the applicable Supplement, specifying 
for each such Receivable the name of the Claimant or Individual Annuity 
Seller, the Discounted Receivables Balance thereof, the name of the Obligor 
or Annuity Provider making payments thereon, the Series that such 
Receivables support, and the Applicable Lock-Box to which Scheduled 
Payments thereunder are to be sent.

     Lock-Box Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02(c)
.

     Longshore Act Receivable shall mean any Workers Compensation 
Receivable in respect of which the related Eligible Workers Compensation 
Statute is the Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act, 33 U.S.C. 
§916.

     Master Collection Account shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 4.02(a).

     Master Collection Account Bank shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 4.02(a).

     Master Servicer initially shall mean PFSC in its capacity as Master 
Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, and after any Service Transfer, shall 
mean the Successor Servicer.

     Master Servicer Indemnified Losses shall the meaning specified in 
Section 8.04.

     Master Servicing Fee shall mean, with respect to any Payment Date, 
(i) to the extent PFSC, any Affiliated Entity or the Back-up Servicer shall 
have acted as Master Servicer during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period, the sum of (a) the product of (x) 1/12 (or, in the case of the 
initial Payment Date or in the event that the Back-up Servicer acted as 
Master Servicer for only a portion of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period, a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from (and 
including) the Closing Date or the first day on which the Back-up Servicer 
acted as Master Servicer, as applicable, to (and including) the last day of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period for such Series and the 
denominator of which is 360), (y) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance of all Series Receivables on the first day of such Collection 
Period and (z) (1) the Successor Servicing Fee Rate to the extent that the 
Back-up Servicer has acted as Master Servicer during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Initial Servicing Fee Rate to the 
extent that PFSC or any other Affiliated Entity has acted as Master 
Servicer during the immediately preceding Collection Period, plus (b) any 
unpaid Master Servicing Fees for any Payment Date preceding the Payment 
Date for which such determination is being made and (ii) to the extent any 
Successor Servicer not described in the foregoing clause (i) shall have 
acted as Master Servicer during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period, such fee as may be agreed upon by the Trustee, at the

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

direction of the Control Party, and such Successor Servicer pursuant to 
Section 10.02(c) at the time of such Successor Servicers appointment as 
Master Servicer, which fee, if greater than the fee described in clause (i) 
(using sub-clause (1) of clause (i)(a)(z)), shall not exceed 120% of the 
actual reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred by 
such Successor Servicer in performing its duties hereunder and under the 
Supplement with respect to the Series Trust Assets.

     Material Adverse Effect shall mean, (i) with respect to any Person, 
the occurrence or existence of any event or condition which has a material 
adverse effect (x) on such Persons ability to perform under the Operative 
Documents or (y) on the businesses, properties or condition (financial or 
otherwise) of such Person, (ii) the occurrence or existence of any event or 
condition which has a material adverse effect (x) on the ability of the 
Trustee, the Collateral Trustee or the requisite Series 2010-1 Noteholders 
to enforce any of the Operative Documents or (y) on the rights of the 
Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Trust Assets, or 
(z) on any material portion of the Series Trust Assets or (iii) the 
occurrence or existence of any event or condition that could reasonably be 
expected to impair the timely payment in full of amounts due and owing with 
respect to the Series 2010-1 Notes.

     Maturity Date shall mean the earlier of (i) the date following the 
Closing Date on which (x) the principal amount of the Series 2010-1 Notes, 
all interest thereon and all fees and other amounts payable in connection 
therewith have been paid in full, under this Agreement and (y) the Series 
2010-1 Revolving Period shall have terminated, and (ii) the date of 
discharge and satisfaction of this Agreement in accordance with Section 
12.01 hereof.

     Monthly Report shall mean a report in the form of that attached 
hereto as Exhibit F to be delivered by the Master Servicer to the 
Collateral Trustee, the Trustee and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder on or 
prior to 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each Series Determination Date 
and relating to the immediately preceding Collection Period.

     Moodys shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or its successor.

     Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in 
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which contributions are or have been made 
during the preceding six years by any Person or any ERISA Affiliate of such 
Person.

     Note Rate shall mean the note rate specified therefor in the 
Supplement.

     Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.03(a).

     Note Registrar and Transfer Agent shall have the meaning specified 
in Section 6.03(a).

     Notice Party shall mean, with respect to any Settlement Receivable, 
the related Claimant, the related Obligor, any applicable Settlement 
Annuity Provider and, if the Seller has obtained a Transfer Order with 
respect to such Receivable, any other Person required to receive notice in 
connection with the issuance of such Transfer Order under any applicable 
Transfer Statute.

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Notice Procedures shall mean, with respect to any notice or Transfer 
Order required to be delivered to any Person, that such notice or Transfer 
Order shall be delivered by (i) national overnight courier service, (ii) 
certified mail, return receipt requested or (iii) personal delivery.

     Notices shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.05(a).

     Obligor shall mean any party obligated to make Scheduled Payments 
under any Settlement Agreement (including any Qualified Assignment or any 
other assignment thereof), including, without limitation, any Settlement 
Counterparty and any Qualified Assignee.

     OC Shortfall shall mean an OC Shortfall as defined in the 
Supplement.

     Officers Certificate shall mean, unless otherwise specified in this 
Agreement, a certificate signed by the president, any vice president, the 
chief financial officer, the chief operating officer, the treasurer or 
controller of the Issuer, the Master Servicer, or the Back-up Servicer, as 
the case may be, and delivered to the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee or 
the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, as the case may be.

     Operative Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Supplement, the 
Series 2010-1 Notes, the Issuer Purchase Agreement, the Annuity Purchase 
Agreements, the Settlement Purchase Agreements, the Back-up Servicing 
Agreement, each note purchase agreement described in the Supplement, and 
the other agreements and instruments related to any of the foregoing or any 
other instruments, documents and/or agreements, if any, designated as such 
in the Supplement.

     Opinion of Counsel shall mean a written opinion of counsel, who, 
except as otherwise provided herein, may be counsel for, or an employee of, 
the Person providing the opinion and who shall be reasonably acceptable to 
the Trustee and the Control Party.

     Order shall mean a written direction or order executed by the Issuer 
and delivered to the Trustee.

     Organizational Documents shall mean the Issuers Certificate of 
Formation and Limited Liability Company Agreement.

     Original Series Note Principal Balance shall have the meaning 
specified in the Supplement.

     Paying Agent shall mean any paying agent appointed pursuant to 
Section 6.06.

     Payment Date shall mean the 15th day of each calendar month 
(commencing on the Initial Series Payment Date) or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the next following Business Day.

     PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any 
successor).

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Permanent Regulation S Global Note shall mean the Regulation S Notes 
held by the Common Depository or any other depository representing the 
Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes following the Restricted Period.

     Permitted Lien shall mean any Lien arising under the Operative 
Documents and assigned to the Issuer and pledged to the Trustee under such 
Operative Documents and under this Agreement, respectively.

     Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, limited liability company association, joint-stock company, trust, 
unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or any other entity of 
similar nature.

     PFSC means Portfolio Financial Servicing Company, a Delaware 
corporation.

     Plan shall mean, with respect to any Person, any defined benefit 
plan (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) that (a) is or was at any time 
during the past six years maintained by such Person or any ERISA Affiliate 
of such Person, or to which contributions by any such Person are or were at 
any time during the past six years required to be made or under which such 
Person has or could have any liability, (b) is subject to the provisions of 
Title IV of ERISA and (c) is not a Multiemployer Plan.

     Plan Event shall mean, with respect to any Person, (a) the 
imposition of an obligation of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates 
under Section 4041 of ERISA to provide any affected parties written notice 
of an intent to terminate a Plan in a distress termination described in 
Section 4041(c) of ERISA, (b) the receipt of any notice by any Plan to the 
effect that the PBGC intends to apply for the appointment of a trustee to 
administer any Plan, (c) the termination of any Plan which results in any 
liability of such Person and/or any of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of 
the Plan Liability Threshold, (d) the withdrawal of such Person or any 
ERISA Affiliate of such Person from any Plan described in Section 4063 of 
ERISA which may reasonably be expected to result in any liability of such 
Person and/or any of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of the Plan Liability 
Threshold, (e) the complete or partial withdrawal of such Person or any 
ERISA Affiliate of such person from any Multiemployer Plan which may 
reasonably be expected to result in any liability of such Person and/or any 
of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of the Plan Liability Threshold, (f) a 
Reportable Event or an event described in Section 4068(f) of ERISA which 
may reasonably be expected to result in any liability of such Person and/or 
any of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of the Plan Liability Threshold, and 
(g) any other event or condition which under ERISA or the Code may 
reasonably be expected to constitute grounds for the imposition of a lien 
on the property of such Person in respect of any Plan or Multiemployer 
Plan.

     Plan Liability Threshold shall mean, with respect to any Person and 
its ERISA Affiliates, any liability of such Person and such ERISA 
Affiliates with respect to any Plan Event which when aggregated with all 
other liabilities of such Person and its ERISA Affiliates incurred as a 
result of any other Plan Events during the immediately preceding twelve 
month period, plus any unpaid liabilities of such Person and its ERISA 
Affiliates arising as a result of any Plan Events occurring at any other 
time, exceeds $1,000,000.

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Potential Event of Default means any event or condition which with 
the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event 
of Default or a Series Event of Default.

     Power of Attorney shall mean an irrevocable power of attorney 
executed by a Claimant in favor of the Seller or any other Person with full 
power of substitution (which Person has irrevocably appointed the Seller as 
its substitute), in each case, with full power of substitution at the 
election of the Seller, pursuant to a Settlement Purchase Agreement, 
authorizing the Seller (or any such substitute therefor) to act for and on 
behalf of the Claimant in connection with the enforcement of such 
Claimants Settlement.

     Premium shall have the meaning, with reference to any Series, 
specified in the Supplement.

     Principal Balance shall mean, with respect to any Series 2010-1 Note 
at any time, the outstanding principal balance of such Series 2010-1 Note 
at such time; provided, that the Principal Balance of any Series 2010-1 
Note shall only be reduced upon distribution of any amounts on account of 
the principal thereof to or for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholder 
thereof on a Payment Date, and the Principal Balance of any Series 2010-1 
Note shall be reinstated to the extent any such distribution (or any 
portion thereof) is rescinded or returned or such Series 2010-1 Noteholder 
is required to return or disgorge or returns or disgorges any such 
distribution (or any portion thereof) previously made to it.

     Principal Terms shall mean: (a) the name or designation; (b) the 
Series Receivables and other Series Trust Assets; (c) the initial and 
maximum principal amount (or method for calculating such amounts); (d) the 
Note Rate (or method for the determination thereof); (e) the payment date 
or dates and the date or dates from which interest shall accrue; (f) the 
method for allocating Collections to Series 2010-1 Noteholders; (g) the 
designation of any Series Accounts and the terms governing the operation of 
any such Series Accounts; and (h) certain of the terms on which the Series 
2010-1 Notes may be exchanged for other Series 2010-1 Notes, repurchased by 
the Issuer or remarketed to other investors.

     Qualified Assignee shall mean the Person to which the obligations to 
make payments under a Settlement have been assigned pursuant to a Qualified 
Assignment.

     Qualified Assignment shall mean an assignment of the obligations to 
make payments under a Settlement which satisfies Section 130(c) of the 
Code.

     Qualified Institutional Buyer shall have the meaning specified in 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

     Receivable shall mean any Settlement Receivable or Annuity 
Receivable.

     Record Date shall have the meaning specified in the Supplement.

     Records means all Settlement Purchase Agreements and Annuity 
Purchase Agreements and other documents, books, records and other 
information (including without limitation, computer programs, tapes, discs, 
punch cards, data processing software and related property and

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

rights) maintained with respect to the Receivables and the related 
Claimants or Individual Annuity Sellers.

     Regulation S Global Note shall mean (i) initially, with respect to 
such Series 2010-1 Note, a Temporary Regulation S Global Note and (ii) 
thereafter, a Permanent Regulation S Global Note, each representing 
Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes, in fully-registered form.

     Regulation S Note shall mean any temporary or permanent Series 
2010-1 Note sold in an offshore transaction to a non-U.S. person in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S of the Securities Act.

     Regulation S Transfer Certificate shall mean a certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto.

     Rehabilitated with respect to any Series Receivable, shall have the 
meaning specified in the applicable Supplement, or if no such meaning is so 
specified, shall mean the cure of the circumstances that rendered such 
Series Receivable a Defaulted Receivable, which cure must consist of, 
without limitation, either (i) with respect to any Defaulted Receivable, 
receipt by the Issuer, the Master Servicer, or the Trustee, of written 
confirmation from the related Obligor or Annuity Provider that subsequent 
Scheduled Payments with respect to such Receivable shall henceforth be made 
to the Issuer or (ii) (a) with respect to any Defaulted Receivable 
described in clause (d) or clause (e) of the definition of Defaulted 
Receivable receipt by the Issuer, the Master Servicer or Trustee, of three 
consecutive Scheduled Payments related to such Receivable on or before the 
90th day after the respective scheduled due dates therefor, and (b) with 
respect to any other Defaulted Receivable, the receipt by the Issuer, or 
the Master Servicer, or the Trustee, of two consecutive Scheduled Payments 
related to such Receivable on or before the 90th day after the respective 
scheduled due dates therefor; provided, that no Series Receivable may be 
Rehabilitated more than two times.

     Rehabilitated Receivable shall mean any Receivable that was a 
Defaulted Receivable but which has been Rehabilitated.

     Related Property means, with respect to any Receivable of any 
Series, (i) all of the rights of the Trustee under this Agreement and the 
Back-up Servicing Agreement to the extent relating to such Series, and (ii) 
all of the Issuers rights, title, interests, remedies, powers and 
privileges (a) in the case of a Settlement Receivable, under the Settlement 
Purchase Agreement pursuant to which such Receivable was purchased by the 
Seller and, if applicable, under the related Power of Attorney, (b) in the 
case of an Annuity Receivable, under the Annuity Purchase Agreement 
pursuant to which the Seller purchased such Annuity Receivable, (c) to and 
in all security interests or other Liens and property subject thereto from 
time to time securing payment of such Receivable, if any, whether pursuant 
to the Settlement Purchase Agreement related to such Receivable in the case 
of a Settlement Receivable, the Annuity Purchase Agreement in the case of 
an Annuity Receivable or otherwise, (d) under or pursuant to the Issuer 
Purchase Agreement, (d) under this Agreement and the Back-up Servicing 
Agreement, (e) to and in all Annuity Lock-Box Accounts, Annuity Lock-Boxes, 
Settlement Lock-Box Accounts, Settlement Lock-Boxes, Series Payment 
Account, Series Reserve Account, Series Collection Account and all other 
Series Accounts into which any Collections are deposited or concentrated; 
all monies

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and other items of payment therein; all monies and other items of payment 
relating on deposit from time to time in the Master Collection Account to 
the extent constituting Collections of Trust Assets; and all Eligible 
Investments purchased with any such amounts and any investment income with 
respect thereto, (f) under any interest rate hedging instruments or 
agreements entered into by the Issuer or the Seller, (g) under other 
agreements or arrangements of whatever character (including guaranties, 
letters of credit, letter of credit rights, supporting obligations, annuity 
contracts (including Annuity Contracts) or other credit support) from time 
to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivables whether pursuant 
to any related Settlement Agreement, Assignment, Annuity Contract, the 
Settlement Purchase Agreement, the Annuity Purchase Agreement or any other 
agreement related to such Receivable, (h) under all UCC financing 
statements filed by the Issuer against the Seller (in each case, to the 
extent relating to such Series), (i) under all UCC financing statements 
filed by the Seller against the related Individual Annuity Seller or by the 
Issuer against the Seller, and in any case related to such Receivable in 
the case of an Annuity Receivable, (j) to and in all Records and all other 
instruments and rights relating to such Receivable, (k) to and in any other 
property designated as such pursuant to the Supplement, and (l) to and in 
all products and proceeds of any of the foregoing.

     Reportable Event shall mean any of the events set forth in Section 
4043 of ERISA.

     Requirements of Law shall mean any law, treaty, rule or regulation, 
or final determination of an arbitrator or Governmental Authority, and, 
when used with respect to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and 
by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person.

     Responsible Officer shall mean, (i) when used with respect to the 
Trustee or the Collateral Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust 
department (or any successor department or group) of the Trustee or the 
Collateral Trustee, as applicable, including any managing director, vice 
president, assistant vice president, secretary, assistant secretary, 
treasurer, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of such 
Person customarily performing functions similar to those performed by the 
persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom 
any corporate trust matter is referred because of such officers knowledge 
of and familiarity with the particular subject and (ii) when used with 
respect to any other Person, any president, vice president, chief financial 
officer, chief operating officer, treasurer or any other officer of such 
Person customarily performing functions similar to those performed by the 
Persons who at the time shall be such officers (including, without 
limitation, any officer identified in the notice address set forth for such 
Person in Section 13.05).

     Restricted Period shall mean in the case of the Regulation S Global 
Notes, the period from the Closing Date through the 40th day thereafter.

     Rule 144A Transfer Certificate shall mean a certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto.

     Sale, Sell and Sold shall have the meaning specified in Section 
6.03(b).

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     S&P shall mean Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & 
Poors Financial Services LLC business, or its successor.

     Scheduled Payments shall mean, (i) when used with respect to any 
Settlement, those payments from time to time required to be paid by the 
Obligor or by a Settlement Annuity Provider on behalf of the Obligor, to 
the Claimant pursuant to the terms of the related Settlement Agreement, 
(ii) when used with respect to a Settlement Receivable, those payments 
described in the foregoing clause (i) (or portions thereof), the rights to 
receive which have been transferred to the Issuer, (iii) when used with 
respect to an Assignable Annuity Contract, those payments from time to time 
required to be paid by the Assignable Annuity Provider to the Individual 
Annuity Seller pursuant to the terms of such Assignable Annuity Contract 
and (iv) when used with respect to an Annuity Receivable, those payments 
described in the foregoing clause (iii) (or portions thereof), the rights 
to receive which have been transferred to the Issuer.

     Secured Parties shall have the meaning as shall be specified in the 
Supplement.

     Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
from time to time.

     Seller shall mean Washington Square Financial, LLC, a Georgia 
limited liability company.

     Series shall mean the Series 2010-1 Notes established pursuant to 
the Supplement.

     Series 2010-1 Note shall mean any one of the $50,000,000 8.39% Fixed 
Rate Asset Backed Variable Funding Notes, Series 2010-1 Notes executed by 
the Issuer, authenticated by the Trustee, and delivered by or on behalf of 
the Issuer pursuant hereto and the Supplement, in substantially the form 
attached to the Supplement.

     Series 2010-1 Noteholder shall mean the Person in whose name a 
Series 2010-1 Note is registered in the Note Register.

     Series Accounts shall mean the Series Collection Account, the Series 
Reserve Account, the Series Payment Account, the Series Investment Proceeds 
Account and the Series Holdback Account, together with the Master 
Collection Account to the extent of any Collections of the Series 
Receivables or the Related Property relating thereto.

     Series Collection Account shall mean the segregated bank account 
established and designated as such pursuant to Section 4.03(a), and 
identified in the Supplement as the Series Collection Account.

     Series Determination Date shall have the meaning specified in the 
Supplement.

     Series Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in the 
Supplement.

     Series Investment Proceeds Account shall mean the segregated bank 
account established and designated as such pursuant to Section 4.03(a), and 
identified in the Supplement as the Series Investment Proceeds Account.

29

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Series Payment Account shall mean the segregated bank account 
established and designated as such pursuant to Section 4.03(a), and 
identified in the Supplement as the Series Payment Account.

     Series Receivables shall mean those Receivables specified on a List 
of Receivables in which the Issuer has granted a security interest to the 
Trustee pursuant to the Supplement for the benefit of, inter alia, the 
2010-1 Noteholders.

     Series Reserve Account shall mean the segregated bank account 
established and designated as such pursuant to Section 4.03(a), and 
identified in the Supplement as the Series Reserve Account.

     Service Transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01.

     Series Trust Assets shall have the meaning specified in the 
Supplement.

     Servicer Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.09.

     Servicer Default shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:

     (a) (x) any failure by the Master Servicer to remit any Collections 
received by it in accordance with Section 3.04(b) of this Agreement or (y) 
any failure (other than as described in clause (x) above) by the Master 
Servicer to make any allocation of any payment or to make any payment, 
transfer or deposit or, if applicable, to give instructions or notice to 
the Trustee or the Collateral Trustee to make such payment, transfer or 
deposit, in either case, required to be made under the Supplement, this 
Agreement or any of the other Operative Documents on or before the date 
occurring five (5) Business Days after the date such payment, transfer or 
deposit or such instruction or notice is required to be made or given, as 
the case may be;

     (b) the assignment by the Master Servicer of its duties under this 
Agreement or under the Supplement other than as permitted by Section 8.02;

     (c) subject to paragraphs (a) and (b) above, any failure by the Master 
Servicer duly to observe or perform in any respect any covenant or 
agreement by it under this Agreement, the Supplement or any of the other 
Operative Documents, which failure (i) continues unremedied for thirty (30) 
days after the earlier of (x) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of 
such breaching party obtained actual knowledge of such failure and (y) the 
date upon which written notice of such failure shall have been given to the 
Master Servicer by the Collateral Trustee, the Trustee, the Back-up 
Servicer, any Series 2010-1 Noteholder or the Control Party, and (ii) has 
or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with 
respect to the Master Servicer or the Issuer;

     (d) any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed to 
have been made by the Master Servicer under or in connection with this 
Agreement, the Supplement or any of the other Operative Documents shall 
prove to have been incorrect in any respect when made or deemed to have 
been made or remade, which incorrectness (i) continues unremedied for 
thirty (30) days after the earlier of (x) the date upon which a Responsible

30

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Officer of such breaching party obtained actual knowledge of such failure 
and (y) the date upon which written notice of such incorrectness shall have 
been given to the Master Servicer by the Collateral Trustee, the Trustee, 
the Back-up Servicer, any Series 2010-1 Noteholder or the Control Party, 
and (ii) has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect with respect to the Master Servicer or the Issuer;

     (e) the Master Servicer shall become the subject of an Insolvency 
Event;

     (f) an Event of Default occurs;

     (g) the termination of the Master Servicer as servicer for any 
securitization in respect of which an Affiliated Entity is the issuer; or

     (h) a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Master Servicer.

     Servicing Officer shall mean, with respect to the Master Servicer, 
any officer or other employee of the Master Servicer or other agent of the 
Master Servicer who in any case is involved in, or responsible for, the 
administration and servicing of the Series Receivables and whose name 
appears on a list of Servicing Officers furnished to the Trustee by the 
Master Servicer, as such list may from time to time be amended.

     Settlement shall mean the Scheduled Payments due or to become due 
under and in connection with, and all of the Claimants other rights (but 
no obligations or liabilities) under, a Settlement Agreement, including 
payments under any Settlement Annuity Contract purchased by any Obligor to 
fund its contractual obligations under such Settlement Agreement.

     Settlement Agreement shall mean a settlement agreement entered into 
between a Claimant and a Settlement Counterparty evidencing, among other 
things, the contractual indebtedness of the Settlement Counterparty to such 
Claimant and the right of the Claimant to receive future payments 
thereunder as compensation.

     Settlement Annuity Contract shall mean an annuity contract issued to 
fund the obligations of an Obligor under a Settlement Agreement.

     Settlement Annuity Provider means, with respect to any Settlement 
and a related Settlement Annuity Contract, the insurance company that 
issued and is obligated under such Settlement Annuity Contract.

     Settlement Counterparty shall mean the Person that entered into, and 
was originally obligated to make Scheduled Payments under, a Settlement 
Agreement with a Claimant.

     Settlement Lock-Box shall mean any post office box identified as a 
Settlement Lock-Box on Schedule III into which Collections are received.

     Settlement Lock-Box Account shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 4.02(b).

     Settlement Lock-Box Bank shall have the meaning specified in 
Section 4.02(b).

31

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Settlement Lock-Boxes shall have the meaning specified in Section 
4.02(b).

     Settlement Package shall mean, with respect to any Settlement 
Receivable, the following items: (i) a copy of the Transfer Order approving 
the transfer of the Settlement Receivable from the Claimant to the Seller; 
(ii) a copy of the Settlement Purchase Agreement documenting terms of the 
Sellers purchase of the Settlement Receivable from the Claimant; (iii) a 
copy of the Settlement Agreement, or a copy of the Stipulation, or a copy 
of the Uniform Qualified Assignment, or a similar document evidencing a 
Settlement has occurred; (iv) evidence that an annuity has been issued; (v) 
UCC search reports and credit reports against the Claimant and, if the 
Claimant is not the seller of the Settlement or the Settlement Receivable 
to the Seller, the seller of such Settlement Receivable (provided, that in 
the case where the seller of the Settlement Receivable was deceased or the 
subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, a credit report shall not be required); 
(vi) to the extent provided, a form completed by the Claimant (or such 
other seller of such Settlement Receivable) either waiving or acknowledging 
receipt of professional advice, or if professional advice is received, the 
Claimants (or such other sellers) professional advisor may either 
complete a form or provide a letter stating that they provided professional 
advice; and (vii) if applicable, the original Power of Attorney related to 
such Settlement Receivable in favor of the Seller or any other Person 
(which Person has irrevocably appointed the Seller as its substitute), in 
each case with full power of substitution by the Seller.

     Settlement Purchase Agreement shall mean any agreement substantially 
in the form of Exhibit A hereto entered into between a Claimant and the 
Seller pursuant to which the Claimant sells, assigns and conveys to the 
Seller all or a portion of the Claimants right, title and interest in 
certain payments which such Claimant is to receive under a Settlement 
Agreement.

     Settlement Receivable shall mean all rights (a) to certain Scheduled 
Payments (or portions thereof) due or to become due in connection with a 
Settlement Agreement and (b) all other rights (but not obligations or 
liabilities), in any case which are purchased by the Seller from a Claimant 
pursuant to a Settlement Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, 
all rights to receive such periodic Scheduled Payments from any Assignee 
pursuant to an Assignment and all rights to receive any payments under any 
Settlement Annuity Contract purchased by any Obligor (or its assignee) to 
fund its payment obligations under such Settlement Agreement, whether such 
Scheduled Payments (or such portions thereof) or other rights constitute 
accounts, general intangibles (including, without limitation, payment 
intangibles), investment property, intangible or tangible chattel paper 
(including, without limitation, electronic chattel paper), instruments, 
documents, securities, cash, supporting obligations or any other kind of 
property, and Settlement Receivables shall mean all such Receivables. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Settlement Receivable shall not 
include any Scheduled Payments due prior to the applicable Cut-Off Date for 
such Receivable.

     Special Record Date shall have the meaning specified in the 
Supplement.

     Specified Insolvency Default shall have the meaning set forth in 
clause (i) of Section 9.01(a) hereto.

     Specified Series Reserve Balance shall have the meaning specified in 
the Supplement.

32

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Split Payment shall mean, with respect to any Settlement Purchase 
Agreement or Annuity Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Claimant or 
any Individual Annuity Seller has reserved an interest (which interest 
shall solely be in the form of an independent claim against the Seller for 
payment to such Person of certain amounts upon, and to the extent of, 
receipt by the Seller of the Scheduled Payments sold (or portions of which 
have been sold) by the Claimant or Individual Annuity Seller to the Seller 
pursuant to such Settlement Purchase Agreement or Annuity Purchase 
Agreement), the amount of each such payment obligation so reserved and 
payable by the Seller to such Claimant from time to time pursuant to (and 
in accordance with) such Settlement Purchase Agreement or Annuity Purchase 
Agreement and the Credit Policy Manual.

     Stipulation shall mean an agreement between the Seller and an 
insurance carrier evidencing that an annuity exists that was issued 
pursuant to a personal injury settlement.

     Successor Servicer shall have the meaning specified in Section 
10.02(a).

     Successor Servicing Fee Rate shall mean 0.125%.

     Supplement shall mean that certain Series 2010-1 Supplement to the 
Master Trust Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuer, the 
Master Servicer, the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee, as the same may be 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

     Tax Opinion shall mean, with respect to any action, an Opinion of 
Counsel who is not an employee of any Affiliated Entity to the effect that, 
(i) for federal income tax purposes (a) such action will not adversely 
affect the Tax Opinion Characterization of the Series 2010-1 Notes, (b) 
such action will not cause a taxable event to any Series 2010-1 Noteholder 
(other than the parties to such action) and (c) without limiting the 
applicability of clauses (a), and (b) of this definition, in the case of 
the original issuance of Series 2010-1 Notes hereunder, the Series 2010-1 
Notes will be properly characterized in accordance with the Tax Opinion 
Characterization and (ii) for federal income tax purposes, following any 
such action, the Issuer will not be treated as an association (or publicly 
traded partnership) taxable as a corporation.

     Tax Opinion Characterization shall mean, with respect to the Series 
2010-1 Notes, the characterization of such Series 2010-1 Notes as debt of 
the Issuer for Federal income tax purposes.

     Temporary Regulation S Global Note shall mean a Regulation S Note 
held by the Common Depository representing Euroclear/Clearstream Global 
Notes during the Restricted Period.

     Termination Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.01
.

     Transfer Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.10.

     Transfer Order shall mean a final, non-appealable written order of a 
court of competent jurisdiction in the applicable Approved State evidencing 
such courts approval of a transfer of some or all of a Claimants rights 
under a Settlement to the Seller which transfer has been made

33

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

in accordance with such states Transfer Statute, which order is binding 
with respect to such Claimant and each of the Notice Parties and with 
respect to which the period during which such order could be appealed by 
any Notice Party has expired.

     Transfer Statute shall mean any statute which has been enacted in 
any state, as such statute shall be amended from time to time, and which 
authorizes, subject to compliance therewith, the transfer of a Settlement 
(or a portion thereof) by the original payee thereunder to a transferee.

     Trust Assets shall have the meaning specified in the Recitals.

     Trust Indenture Act shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as 
in effect on the Closing Date.

     Trustee shall mean Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual 
capacity, but solely in its capacity as trustee on behalf of the Series 
2010-1 Noteholders, or its successor in interest, or any successor trustee 
appointed as herein provided.

     Trustee Fee shall mean, for any Payment Date, the Trustee Fee 
specified in the Supplement.

     Trustees Account shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.04.

     UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code, as amended from time to 
time, as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction.

     U.S. Dollars or Dollars means dollars of the United States of 
America.

     U.S. Global Notes shall mean the U.S. Notes delivered in book-entry 
form through the facilities of the Common Depository.

     U.S. Note shall mean any Series 2010-1 Note sold by the Issuer to an 
initial Series 2010-1 Noteholder pursuant to the exemption from 
registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and 
subsequently sold by such initial Series 2010-1 Noteholder to any Series 
2010-1 Noteholder on or after the Closing Date pursuant to Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act.

     Workers Compensation Receivable means a Settlement Receivable 
arising in connection with the settlement of a claim brought by a Claimant 
employee (or an heir or other legal beneficiary of an employee) against 
such employees Settlement Counterparty employer pursuant to a workers 
compensation statute for damages resulting from injury or sickness 
sustained or contracted in the course of such employees employment.

     SECTION 1.02. Other Definitional Provisions.

     (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined 
meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered 
pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.

34

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (b) As used herein and in any certificate or other document made or 
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting terms not defined in this 
Agreement, and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement to the 
extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under 
generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting 
principles, as applicable, as in effect in the United States. To the extent 
that the definitions of accounting terms herein are inconsistent with the 
meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting principles or 
regulatory accounting principles as in effect in the applicable 
jurisdiction, the definitions contained herein shall control.

     (c) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar 
import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole 
and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; and Section, 
Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this Agreement are references 
to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this Agreement unless 
otherwise specified; and the term including means including without 
limitation.

     SECTION 1.03. Acts of Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

     (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, 
waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by 
any Series 2010-1 Noteholders, or a specified percentage or number of 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders, may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more 
instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Series 2010-1 
Noteholders, in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, 
except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become 
effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee 
or the Collateral Trustee, as herein provided, and, where it is hereby 
expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the 
action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes 
referred to as the Act of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders signing such 
instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of 
a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of 
this Indenture and (subject to Section 11.02 and Section 14.02, as 
applicable) conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee 
and/or the Issuer, as applicable, if made in the manner provided in this 
Section.

     (b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such 
instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such 
execution or by an acknowledgment of a notary public or other officer 
authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the 
individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the 
execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity 
other than such signers individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit 
shall also constitute sufficient proof of the signers authority. The fact 
and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the 
authority of the person executing the same, may also be proved in any other 
manner which the Trustee or the Collateral Trustee, as applicable, deems 
sufficient.

     (c) The ownership of the Series 2010-1 Notes shall be proved by the 
Note Register.

     (d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, 
waiver or other Act of any Series 2010-1 Noteholder or the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders shall bind every future holder of the same Series 2010-1 Note 
or Series 2010-1 Notes and the holder of any Series 2010-

35

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

1 Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange 
therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, suffered or 
omitted to be done by the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee or the Issuer in 
reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such 
Series 2010-1 Note.

     SECTION 1.04. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. None of the Series 
2010-1 Notes issued under this Indenture are intended to be registered 
under the Securities Act and this Indenture is not intended to be qualified 
under the Trust Indenture Act. If, notwithstanding such intent, this 
Indenture at any time becomes or is required to become qualified under the 
Trust Indenture Act and any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts 
with the duties imposed by any of Sections 310 through 317, inclusive, of 
the Trust Indenture Act through the operation of Section 318(c) thereof, 
such imposed duties shall control.

     SECTION 1.05. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in 
the Series 2010-1 Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person 
(other than the Series 2010-1 Noteholders and the other Secured Parties 
identified in the Supplement) any benefit or any legal or equitable right, 
remedy or claim under this Indenture.

     SECTION 1.06. Incorporation of Recitals. The Recitals of the Issuer 
set forth above in this Indenture are hereby incorporated by this reference 
hereto as if, and to the same extent that, such Recitals were contained in 
the body of this Indenture.

     SECTION 1.07. Conditions Precedent to the Effectiveness of this 
Agreement. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to (i) the 
receipt by the Trustee of executed counterparts to this Agreement from the 
Initial Master Servicer, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Collateral 
Trustee; and (ii) the satisfaction of each of the conditions to issuance of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes set forth in Section 5.01 of the Supplement.


ARTICLE II
GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN RECEIVABLES;
ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF SERIES 2010-1 NOTES

     SECTION 2.01. Grant of Security Interest in Assets; No Assumption of 
Obligations Related to Receivables; Certain Matters Regarding the Grant.

     (a) Pursuant to the Supplement and in accordance with the Granting 
Clause hereof, the Issuer shall from time to time grant, convey, transfer, 
assign and deliver, in each case, to the Trustee, its successors and 
assigns and its or their assigns forever, to have and to hold in trust for 
the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders of the Series 2010-1 Notes 
issued pursuant to the Supplement, a first priority security interest in 
the Series Trust Assets.

     (b) Other than the obligation of the Master Servicer and/or the 
Collateral Trustee to remit Split Payments to Claimants pursuant hereto, 
the grant described in the Granting Clause shall not be deemed to 
constitute, nor is it intended to result in, a creation or an assumption by 
the Trustee or any Series 2010-1 Noteholder of any obligation of any 
Claimant, Individual Annuity Seller, the Seller, the Issuer or any other 
Person in connection with the Receivables or under any Operative Document, 
including, without limitation, any obligation to any Claimant or Individual 
Annuity Seller. Each such grant shall be made to the Trustee on behalf of 
the Series

36

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

2010-1 Noteholders, and each reference in this Agreement to such grant 
shall be construed accordingly.

     (c) In connection with the grant to the Trustee as described in the 
Granting Clause, the Issuer agrees to record and file from time to time, at 
its own expense, financing statements and other documents (and amendments 
thereto, assignments thereof and continuation statements, when applicable) 
with respect to the Receivables and the other Trust Assets now existing and 
hereafter created meeting the requirements of the UCC and other applicable 
Requirements of Law in such manner and in such jurisdictions as are 
necessary to perfect, and maintain the perfection and priority of, the 
security interests granted hereunder and the ownership interests of the 
Issuer in the Receivables and the other Trust Assets purchased from the 
Seller, and to deliver a file-stamped copy of each such financing statement 
or other document or other evidence of such filing to the Trustee on or 
prior to the Closing Date or, with respect to any security interest granted 
hereunder on a date other than the Closing Date or, in the case of any 
financing statement, continuation statement or other document filed by or 
on behalf of the Issuer after the Closing Date, promptly after the filing 
thereof. While the Trustee shall be under no obligation whatsoever to file 
such financing statements, documents, amendments, assignments or 
continuation statements, or to make any other filing under the UCC in 
connection with the grant to the Trustee as described in the Granting 
Clause, the Issuer hereby authorizes the Trustee, within the meaning of 
Section 9-509 of the UCC, to take, at the Issuers expense, and at the 
direction of the Issuer or the Control Party, all actions necessary to 
maintain the perfection and priority of the liens and security interests 
granted under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the filing of 
any financing statement related to the applicable Trust Assets without the 
Issuers signature or further authorization. The Issuer acknowledges and 
agrees that any such financing statement may include a collateral 
description to the effect that the collateral covered by such financing 
statement includes all of the assets of Issuer.

     (d) In connection with the grant to the Trustee as described in the 
Granting Clause, the Issuer further agrees, at its own expense, on or prior 
to the Closing Date, the applicable Advance Date or any other date on which 
Receivables are pledged by the Issuer under the Supplement to indicate in 
its files that the Receivables which are the subject of any such grant of a 
security interest in the Supplement have been pledged to the Trustee in 
accordance with this Agreement for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders.

     (e) In connection with the grant to the Trustee of the security 
interest pursuant to the Supplement, the Master Servicer shall, on behalf 
of the Issuer, on or prior to the Closing Date, the applicable Advance Date 
or any other date on which Receivables are pledged by the Issuer under the 
Supplement mark or cause to be marked, the master data processing records 
of the Seller evidencing the Receivables identifying the Receivables that 
have been sold or contributed to the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer Purchase 
Agreement and indicating that a security interest in such Receivables has 
been further granted to the Trustee pursuant to the Supplement.

     SECTION 2.02. Acceptance by Trustee. The Trustee hereby acknowledges 
its acceptance on behalf of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders of the security 
interest in all of the Trust Assets and declares that it shall maintain 
such security interest, upon the trust herein set forth, for the benefit of 
the Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

37

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 2.03. General Representations and Warranties of the Issuer. 
The Issuer hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and on each 
date hereafter until the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture 
pursuant to Section 12.01, that:

     (a) Organization and Good Standing. The exact legal name of the Issuer 
is Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC. The Issuer is a limited 
liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the state of Georgia. The Issuers organizational 
identification number is 10058074. The Issuer has full power and authority 
to own its properties and conduct its business as presently owned or 
conducted, and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the 
Operative Documents, and to execute and deliver to the Trustee pursuant 
hereto the Series 2010-1 Notes.

     (b) Due Qualification. The Issuer is duly qualified to do business and 
is in good standing as a foreign limited liability company, and has 
obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in each jurisdiction in 
which failure to so qualify or to obtain such licenses and approvals has, 
or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

     (c) Due Authorization; Conflicts. The execution, delivery and 
performance by the Issuer of the Operative Documents are within the 
Issuers powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary company and 
member action, and do not contravene (i) the Issuers Organizational 
Documents, (ii) any Requirements of Law binding on, or affecting, the 
Issuer and the violation of which has, or could reasonably be expected to 
have, a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) any agreement, contract, 
indenture, mortgage, or other instrument, document or agreement to which 
the Issuer or any of its assets are subject or may be effected.

     (d) Consents. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no 
notice to or registration of or filing with, any Governmental Authority or 
other regulatory body is required to be made or obtained by the Issuer or 
the Seller for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer, 
or to insure the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability, of 
the Operative Documents, except for the filing of UCC financing statements 
against the Seller and the Issuer in respect of the transactions 
contemplated herein all of which that need to be filed to perfect the 
ownership interest of the Issuer and the security interest of the Trustee, 
respectively, in the Trust Assets (as comprised as of the date of each 
making or remaking of this representation and warranty), have been so made 
(or delivered to the Trustee in form suitable for filing).

     (e) Enforceability. Each of the Operative Documents to which the 
Issuer is a party is and will be the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its respective 
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or 
hereafter in effect relating to creditors rights generally or general 
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered 
in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     (f) Proceedings. Except as disclosed in writing to the Trustee and the 
Collateral Trustee, there are no judgments or other judicial or 
administrative orders outstanding against the Issuer nor is there any 
pending or, to the best of the Issuers knowledge, threatened action or 
proceeding affecting the Issuer before any court, governmental agency or 
arbitrator.

38

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (g) Compliance with Laws, Etc. The Issuer is not in violation of any 
Requirements of Law applicable to it or any of its properties or any 
indenture, lease, loan or other agreement to which it is a party or by 
which it or its assets, including without limitation the Receivables, may 
be bound or affected, the violation of which, in any of the foregoing 
cases, would have, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material 
Adverse Effect.

     (h) Margin Regulations. The Issuer will not use any of the proceeds 
that it receives pursuant hereto or the Supplement for any purpose which 
will conflict with or contravene any of Regulations T, U or X promulgated 
by the Federal Reserve Board from time to time.

     (i) Locations. The principal place of business and chief executive 
office of the Issuer are located at the address of the Issuer set forth in 
Section 13.05, and the offices where the Issuer keeps all of its records 
relating to the Receivables are located at the addresses set forth on 
Schedule II hereto, or, in each case, at such other locations notified to 
the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.04(e).

     (j) Lock-Box Banks. The names and addresses of all the Applicable 
Lock-Box Banks, and the account numbers of all Settlement Lock-Box Accounts 
and the related Settlement Lock-Boxes serviced by such Applicable Lock-Box 
Banks, are in each case specified in Schedule III hereto or have been 
notified to the Trustee, and all action required to be taken with respect 
to the foregoing pursuant to Sections 3.04 and 4.02 has been taken. The 
Applicable Lock-Box Banks are the only institutions holding any deposit 
accounts or servicing any lockboxes for the receipt of Scheduled Payments 
in respect of the Receivables. All Annuity Providers or other Obligors, as 
applicable, have been directed to make payments on the Receivables, or the 
Annuity Contracts relating thereto, as applicable, to (i) in the case of 
payments in respect of Annuity Receivables, an Annuity Lock-Box covered by 
a Lock-Box Notice, the Master Collection Account or the Series Collection 
Account and (ii) in the case of payments made in respect of Settlement 
Receivables, a Settlement Lock-Box covered by an Lock-Box Notice, the 
Master Collection Account or Series Collection Account, and in each case 
such instructions are in full force and effect.

     (k) ERISA Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule IV, neither the 
Issuer nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has maintained or participated in 
any Plan or Multiemployer Plan during the past six (6) years. With respect 
to any such Plan and/or Multiemployer Plan, (i) such Plan and/or 
Multiemployer Plan complied and complies in all material respects with all 
applicable Requirements of Law, (ii) no Reportable Event has occurred with 
respect to any such Plan and/or Multiemployer Plan, (iii) no such Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan has been terminated, and (iv) no funding deficiency has 
occurred in respect of any such Plan or Multiemployer Plan, except, in each 
case, where the occurrence of any of the foregoing could not be reasonably 
expected to result in liability to the Issuer in excess of the Plan 
Liability Threshold or result in a Lien against the Trust Assets (or any 
portion thereof). With respect to any such Plan or Multiemployer Plan that 
is intended to qualify for special tax treatment under Sections 401(a) or 
403(a) of the Code, such Plan or Multiemployer Plan is in compliance with 
the applicable requirements of the Code for such qualifications.

     (l) Taxes. The Issuer has filed all federal, state and local tax 
returns which it is required by law to file and has paid all taxes, 
assessments and other governmental charges due in

39

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

respect of its respective returns, except to the extent that any such 
taxes, assessments or other governmental charges are being contested in 
good faith and as to which the Issuer has set aside on its books adequate 
reserves.

     (m) Other Agreements. Other than the Operative Documents, the Issuer 
is not a party to any material lease, contract, agreement, understanding or 
commitment of any kind which, if breached, has, or could reasonably be 
expected to directly or indirectly have, a Material Adverse Effect.

     (n) Accuracy of Information. Each certificate, information, exhibit, 
financial statement, document, book, record, report or disclosure furnished 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee, the Master Servicer, 
the Back-up Servicer or any Series 2010-1 Noteholder (other than an 
Affiliated Entity) is accurate in all material respects and contains no 
untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements contained herein and therein not 
misleading.

     (o) Investment Company Act Matters. The Issuer is not an investment 
company or a company controlled by an investment company within the 
meaning of the Investment Company Act.

     (p) Title to Property. The Issuer, at the time of the grant of a 
security interest in favor of the Trustee, owns good and marketable title 
to the Receivables free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any 
Person (other than Permitted Liens).

     (q) Tradenames. The Issuer has no tradenames, fictitious names, 
assumed names or doing business as names and since its formation, the 
Issuer has not been the subject of any merger or other corporate 
reorganization that resulted in a change of name, identity or corporate 
structure.

     (r) Subsidiaries. The Issuer has no subsidiaries.

     (s) Solvency. After giving effect to the initial Purchase under the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement on the Closing Date, and after giving effect to 
the issuance of Series 2010-1 Notes hereunder and each Purchase under the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement related to an Advance made on each Advance Date, 
the Issuer (i) is (or was) not insolvent (as such term is defined in 
§101(31)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code), (ii) is (or was) able to pay its debts 
as they come due, and (iii) does (or did) not have unreasonably small 
capital for the business in which it is (or was) engaged.

     (t) Valid Transfer and Valid Grant. The Issuer Purchase Agreement 
creates a valid sale, transfer and assignment to the Issuer of all right, 
title and interest of the Seller in and to all Receivables and Related 
Property conveyed to the Issuer thereunder. This Agreement creates a valid 
and continuing security interest (as defined in the UCC) in the Issuers 
interest in the Receivables and Trust Assets in favor of the Trustee on 
behalf of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, which security interest is prior 
to all other Liens and is enforceable as such against the Issuers 
creditors.

40

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (u) No Claim or Interest. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement or the Supplement, neither the Issuer nor any Person claiming 
through or under the Issuer has any claim to or interest in the Deposit 
Accounts.

     (v) Offering of Series 2010-1 Notes. The Issuer has not taken or 
caused to be taken, and has no knowledge that any other Person has taken, 
any action which would subject the issuance or sale of any Series 2010-1 
Note to the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act or to the 
qualification provisions of any securities or Blue Sky law of any 
applicable jurisdiction.

     (w) Transfer of Receivables. The Issuer has given reasonably 
equivalent value to the Seller in consideration for the transfer to the 
Issuer by the Seller of the Receivables and Related Property pursuant to 
the Issuer Purchase Agreement, and no such transfer has been made for or on 
account of an antecedent debt owed by the Seller to the Issuer.

     (x) Policies and Procedures. No change has been made to the Credit 
Policy Manual, except such change as would be permitted under Section 
2.06(g).

     (y) Pro-Forma Balance Sheet. The pro-forma balance sheets of the 
Issuer as of the Closing Date certified by the Chief Financial Officer of 
the Issuer, copies of which have been provided to the Trustee, present 
fairly the financial condition of the Issuer on a pro-forma basis as of 
such date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated under the 
Operative Documents to take place on such date.

     (z) Affiliated Entities. PFSC is not an Affiliated Entity.

     The representations and warranties made pursuant to this Section 2.03 
shall survive the making thereof. Upon discovery by the Issuer, the Master 
Servicer, the Collateral Trustee or the Trustee of a breach of any of the 
foregoing representations and warranties which breach has, or could 
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, the party 
discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to the other 
parties. The Trustees and the Collateral Trustees obligations in respect 
of any such breach are limited as provided in Section 11.02 and Section 
14.02, respectively.

     SECTION 2.04. Affirmative Covenants of the Issuer. The Issuer hereby 
covenants that, until the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture 
pursuant to Section 12.01:

     (a) Compliance with Law. The Issuer will comply in all respects with 
all Requirements of Law applicable to the Issuer, its business and 
properties and the Trust Assets.

     (b) Preservation of Existence. The Issuer will preserve and maintain 
its existence, rights, franchises and privileges as a limited liability 
company in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify and remain 
qualified in good standing as a foreign limited liability company in each 
jurisdiction where the failure to maintain such qualification has, or could 
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

     (c) Inspection of Books and Records. The Collateral Trustee, the 
Control Party (or, if such Control Party is a designated percentage of the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders for any Series, a representative of such Control 
Party), and independent accountants appointed by, or other agents

41

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of, any of the foregoing, shall have the right, upon reasonable prior 
written notice to the Issuer and at the Issuers expense, to visit the 
Issuer to (i) discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Issuer 
with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers, and (ii) to 
examine the books of account and records of the Issuer, and to make or be 
provided with copies and extracts therefrom, all at such reasonable times 
and intervals and to such reasonable extent during regular business hours 
as the Collateral Trustee, such Control Party (or designated representative 
thereof), or such accountants or agents appointed by any of the foregoing, 
as applicable, may desire; provided, however, that, so long as no Event of 
Default or OC Shortfall has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer shall 
not be obligated to pay for more than one (1) such inspection during any 
twelve month period; provided, further, however, that, after the occurrence 
and during the continuation of any OC Shortfall or Event of Default, such 
Control Party shall have the right to conduct an unlimited number of 
inspections of the type described in this clause (c) at the Issuers 
expense.

     (d) Keeping of Records and Books of Account. The Issuer itself or 
through its agents will (i) keep proper books of record and account, which 
shall be maintained or caused to be maintained by the Issuer and shall be 
separate and apart from those of any Affiliated Entity, in which full and 
correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets 
and business of the Issuer in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles consistently applied, and (ii) maintain and implement 
administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an 
ability to recreate records evidencing the Receivables in the event of the 
destruction of the originals thereof) and keep and maintain all documents, 
books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for 
the collection of all Receivables (including, without limitation, records 
adequate to permit the daily identification of all Collections of and 
adjustments to each existing Receivable).

     (e) Location of Records. The Issuer will keep its principal place of 
business and chief executive office at the address of the Issuer referred 
to in Section 2.03(i) and shall keep the other offices where it keeps the 
books, records and documents regarding the Trust Assets at the addresses of 
the Issuer referred to on Schedule II, or, in either case, upon 30 days 
prior written notice to the Trustee, at any other location within the 
United States.

     (f) Maintenance of Separate Independent Manager or Member. The Issuer 
will maintain at least one independent manager or member, which otherwise 
is not (or at any time during the last five years has not been) a direct, 
indirect or beneficial officer, general partner, member, director, 
employee, affiliate, associate, creditor, customer or supplier of any of 
the Affiliated Entities (unless acting as such in an independent capacity), 
nor a direct, indirect or beneficial owner of the outstanding equity 
interest (including, limited partnership interests or limited liability 
company interest) of any of the Affiliated Entities (any such Person also 
being an Affiliated Entity for the purposes of this Section 2.04(f)), nor 
a relative of any of the foregoing, nor a trustee in bankruptcy for any of 
the foregoing.

     (g) Issuer Purchase Agreement. The Issuer will at its expense timely 
perform and comply with all provisions, covenants and other promises 
required to be observed by it under the Issuer Purchase Agreement, maintain 
each such agreement in full force and effect, enforce each such agreement 
in accordance with its terms, and, at the request of the Trustee or the 
Collateral Trustee, take such action or make to the Seller such reasonable 
demands and requests for

42

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

information and reports or for action as the Trustee or the Collateral 
Trustee may request to the extent that the Issuer is entitled to do the 
same thereunder.

     (h) Payment of Taxes, Etc. The Issuer will pay promptly when due all 
taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or 
any Trust Asset, or in respect of its income or profits therefrom, and any 
and all claims of any kind (including, without limitation, claims for 
labor, materials and supplies), except where such tax, assessment, charge 
or levy is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and 
adequate reserves have been set up and are being maintained in respect 
thereof on the Issuers books and records.

     (i) Reporting Requirements.

          (i) The Issuer will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the 
Collateral Trustee and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder:

          (1) as soon as available and in any event within one hundred and 
twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of Imperial Holdings, 
Imperial and Seller, a copy of the audited consolidated financial 
statements for such year for each of Imperial Holdings, Imperial and 
Seller, containing financial statements for such year certified in a manner 
acceptable to the Collateral Trustee by independent public accountants 
acceptable to the Collateral Trustee;

          (2) as soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) 
days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Imperial Holdings, Imperial 
and Seller, the unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets and 
income statements for such fiscal quarter for each of Imperial Holdings, 
Imperial and Seller;

          (3) on or before April 30 of each calendar year, beginning with 
April 30, 2011, for so long as PFSC shall be the Master Servicer, PFSC 
shall cause, at Issuers expense, a firm of nationally recognized 
independent public accountants to furnish a report to the Collateral 
Trustee and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder containing such firms 
conclusions with respect to an examination of certain information relating 
to PFSCs compliance with its servicing obligations hereunder, in a form 
and substance to be agreed upon by PFSC and the Collateral Trustee;

          (4) on or before April 30 of each calendar year, beginning with 
April 30, 2011, for so long as PFSC shall be the Master Servicer, PFSC 
shall cause, at Issuers expense, a firm of nationally recognized 
independent public accountants to furnish a report to the Collateral 
Trustee and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder containing such firms 
conclusions with respect to an examination of the calculations of amounts 
set forth in certain of PFSCs reports delivered hereunder during the prior 
calendar year and PFSCs source records for such amounts, in a form and 
substance to be agreed upon by PFSC and the Collateral Trustee;

          (5) (A) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days, 
after becoming aware of the occurrence of each Event of Default, Potential 
Event of Default, Series Event of Default, and Servicer Default, the 
statement of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the 
Issuer setting forth details of such occurrence or event and the action 
which the Issuer has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto, and 
(B) as soon as possible and in any event within five Business Days after 
obtaining knowledge thereof, notice of any other event,

43

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

development or information which has, or is reasonably likely to have, a 
Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Series 2010-1 Notes;

          (6) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days, after 
the Issuers receipt thereof, copies of all notices, requests, and other 
documents (excluding regular periodic reports) delivered or received by the 
Issuer under or in connection with the Issuer Purchase Agreement; and

          (7) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days, after 
the Issuer acquires knowledge of the occurrence of any event described in 
the definition of Plan Event (as determined without giving effect to any 
limitations as to materiality or dollar thresholds contained in such 
definition), written notice of such Plan Event.

     Audited and unaudited financial statements required pursuant to 
clauses (1)-(6) above will set forth in comparative form the corresponding 
figures for the most recent year-end or comparable period for which audited 
or unaudited financial statements were prepared. Audited financial 
statements shall be prepared and presented in accordance with, and provide 
all necessary disclosure (including footnote disclosure) required by, GAAP 
and shall be accompanied by a certificate signed by the chief financial 
officer and controller of Imperial Holdings or Imperial, as applicable, 
stating that (i) such financial statements present fairly the financial 
condition of Imperial Holdings or Imperial, as applicable, and (ii) such 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP 
consistently applied.

          (ii) Promptly following any request therefor by the Trustee, the 
Collateral Trustee or the Control Party, the Issuer will furnish to the 
Trustee, the Collateral Trustee and the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, as 
applicable, such information, documents, records or reports respecting the 
Series Receivables, the other Series Trust Assets relating thereto or the 
condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Issuer as the 
Trustee, the Collateral Trustee, the Control Party or any such Series 
2010-1 Noteholder may from time to time reasonably request.

     (j) Acquisition of Receivables from the Seller. With respect to each 
Receivable acquired by the Issuer from the Seller, the Issuer shall (a) 
acquire such Receivable pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement, (b) take all action necessary to perfect, 
protect and more fully evidence the Issuers ownership of such Receivable, 
including, without limitation, (1) filing and maintaining effective 
financing statements and continuations thereof (Forms UCC-1 and UCC-3) 
against the Seller in all necessary or appropriate filing offices, and 
filing continuation statements, amendments or assignments with respect 
thereto in such filing offices and (2) executing or causing to be executed 
such other instruments or notices (other than to the Claimant, the Assignee 
or the Annuity Provider) as may be necessary or appropriate and (c) take 
all additional action that the Trustee or the Control Party may reasonably 
request to perfect, protect and more fully evidence the respective 
interests of the parties to this Agreement and the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders in the applicable Receivables.

     (k) Collections. In the event that the Issuer or any other Affiliated 
Entity receives any Collections, the Issuer agrees to hold, or cause such 
Affiliated Entity to hold, all such Collections in trust and to deposit, or 
cause such Affiliated Entity to deposit, such Collections (i) in the case 
of Collections in respect of Annuity Receivables, to an Annuity Lock-Box, 
the Master

44

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

or the Series Collection Account and (ii) in the case of all other 
Collections, to the Settlement Lock-Box, the Master Collection Account or 
the Series Collection Account, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in 
no event later than two Business Days after its receipt thereof.

     (l) ERISA. The Issuer will not maintain any Plans in its own name or 
otherwise agree to make contributions to any Plan. The Issuer shall not 
allow any Plan maintained by any of its ERISA Affiliates to incur any 
accumulated funding deficiency (within the meaning of Section 302 of 
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived. Each ERISA 
Affiliate of the Issuer shall timely make all contributions required by it 
to be made by it to any Plans and/or Multiemployer Plans to which 
contributions are or shall be required to be made by such ERISA Affiliate, 
and no event requiring notice to the PBGC under Section 302(f) of ERISA 
shall occur with respect to any such Plan, in any case, that could 
reasonably be expected to result, directly or indirectly, in any Lien being 
imposed on the property of the Issuer or the payment of any amount in 
excess of the Plan Liability Threshold to avoid such Lien. No Plan Event 
with respect to the Issuer or any of its ERISA Affiliates shall occur that 
could reasonably be expected to result, directly or indirectly, in any Lien 
being imposed on the property of the Issuer or the payment of any amount in 
excess of the Plan Liability Threshold.

     (m) Accounting for Transfers. To the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable accounting principals, the Issuer shall treat the transfers and 
conveyances of the Receivables by the Seller to it pursuant to the Issuer 
Purchase Agreement as sales and absolute transfers thereof for all tax and 
accounting purposes.

     (n) Fidelity Insurance. The Issuer shall maintain, at its own expense, 
a fidelity insurance policy, with broad coverage with responsible companies 
on all officers, employees or other persons acting on behalf of the Issuer 
in any capacity with regard to the Receivables to handle documents and 
papers related thereto. Any such fidelity insurance shall protect and 
insure the Issuer against losses, including forgery, theft, embezzlement, 
and fraud, and shall be maintained in an amount of at least $10,000,000 or 
such lower amount as the Control Party may in its commercially reasonable 
credit judgment designate to the Issuer from time to time, and in a form 
acceptable to the Control Party in its commercially reasonable judgment. No 
provision of this Section 2.04(o) requiring such fidelity insurance shall 
diminish or relieve the Issuer from its duties and obligations as set forth 
in this Agreement or any of the other Operative Documents. The Issuer shall 
be deemed to have complied with this provision if one of its respective 
Affiliates has such fidelity policy coverage and, by the terms of such 
fidelity policy, the coverage afforded thereunder extends to the Issuer. 
Upon the request of the Trustee or the Control Party, the Issuer shall 
cause to be delivered to the Trustee or such Control Party, as applicable, 
a certificate evidencing coverage under such fidelity policy. Any such 
insurance policy shall contain a provision or endorsement providing that 
such policy may not be canceled or modified without ten (10) days prior 
written notice to the Trustee.

     (o) Confidentiality of Settlement Agreements. The Issuer, and its 
officers, directors and employees shall keep, and shall cause to be kept, 
strictly confidential all terms of all Settlement Agreements, including, 
without limitation, the name of the Settlement Counterparties related 
thereto and the nature of the injury to the Claimant, and shall not copy or 
disclose such terms in any manner whatsoever, in whole or in part, except 
(i) to the Back-up Servicer in accordance with the Back-up Servicing 
Agreement, (ii) to the Master Servicer to the extent

45

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

necessary to service the Receivables in accordance with the terms hereof 
and the Supplement, (iii) to the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee and the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders solely to the extent required to enforce their 
respective rights hereunder and under the Supplement and (iv) as required 
by applicable Requirements of Law; provided that the Issuer may in any 
event disclose in its sole discretion the terms of any Settlement Agreement 
so long as (A) all references therein to the Settlement Counterparties 
related thereto and the nature of the Claimants injury shall be stricken 
from such disclosure, and (B) such recipient shall agree to the terms of 
confidentiality contained in this Section 2.04(p).

     (p) Compliance Certifications. In connection with the delivery by the 
Master Servicer of each Monthly Report, a Responsible Officer of the Issuer 
will make on behalf of the Issuer any certifications designated to be made 
by the Issuer on the form of Monthly Report attached as an exhibit to the 
Supplement.

     (q) Separate Existence. The Issuer shall take such actions as are 
necessary on its part to ensure that the facts and assumptions set forth in 
any Opinion of Counsel issued by counsel for the Issuer in connection with 
the issuance of the Series 2010-1 Notes and relating to substantive 
consolidation issues, and in any certificates accompanying any such Opinion 
of Counsel, remain true and correct in all material respects at all times.

     (r) Repurchase of Receivables. To the extent that any representation 
or warranty of the Seller under the Issuer Purchase Agreement with respect 
to any Series Receivable, or, to the extent that any representation or 
warranty in any certificate delivered by Imperial Holdings for, and on 
behalf of, Seller (in its capacity as a sole shareholder, member or manager 
of the Seller), in any case with respect to any Series Receivable and in 
connection with any of the opinions of counsel delivered on the Closing 
Date, was in any case incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed 
made, the Issuer shall in any case within five Business Days after learning 
thereof, cause the Seller to (x) convey to the Issuer, in exchange for such 
affected Series Receivable, one or more different Eligible Receivables (1) 
to be described on a List of Receivables delivered to the Trustee, (2) 
having a Discounted Receivables Balance approximately equal to (but not 
less than) that of the Receivable being so replaced (provided that for 
purposes of this clause, the Discounted Receivables Balance of such Series 
Receivable being so replaced shall be calculated by treating any past due 
Scheduled Payments thereon as if such payments were due on the date of such 
calculation and the Discounted Receivables Balance of the replacement 
Series Receivable shall be calculated without giving effect to any past due 
Scheduled Payments owing thereon) and (3) the Settlement Annuity 
Provider(s) and/or Obligor(s), as applicable, related thereto shall have a 
rating of at least Baa3 from Moodys, BBB- from S&P or B+ from A.M. 
Best (or any successor thereto) and/or (y) repurchase, in cash delivered to 
the Series Collection Account for such Series, such affected Series 
Receivable from the Issuer for an amount equal to the Discounted 
Receivables Balance (as calculated by treating any past due Scheduled 
Payments thereon as if such payments were due on the date of such 
calculation) of such Series Receivable, whereupon, in any case, (a) the 
Series Receivable being replaced or repurchased shall cease to be a Series 
Receivable and, in the case of clause (x), any such new Receivable shall 
become a Series Receivable (it being agreed that the incorrectness of any 
such representation or warranty, and the obligations of the Seller pursuant 
to this clause (s) resulting therefrom, shall in each case, be determined 
without giving effect to any limitation on the knowledge, best of 
knowledge or other similar limitation on the knowledge

46

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of the Seller, or Imperial Holdings, as applicable, contained in any such 
representation or warranty) and (b) the Trustee shall release the Issuers 
interest in such affected Series Receivable from the lien of the Trustee 
effected pursuant to the Granting Clause and pursuant to the Supplement 
(and shall, at the Issuers expense, execute and deliver to the Issuer all 
necessary UCC releases and other releases in respect thereof).

     SECTION 2.05. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer Relating to 
the Series Trust Assets, Liens and Security Interests. The Issuer hereby 
represents and warrants to the Trustee and each of the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders, as of the Closing Date (or, with respect to any Receivable 
that is not a Series Receivable on such Closing Date, on the applicable 
Advance Date or such later date as such Receivable shall become a Series 
Receivable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 
Supplement), that, with respect to itself and/or with respect to each such 
Series Receivable constituting a Settlement Receivable:

     (i) With respect to itself and/or with respect to each such Series 
Receivable constituting a Settlement Receivable with respect to such 
Series:

     (a) Such Series Receivable is an Eligible Settlement Receivable.

     (b) Such Series Receivable is the legal, valid and binding obligation 
of each Obligor related thereto, which obligation is, in each case, 
enforceable against each such Person in accordance with its terms, except 
as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting 
creditors rights generally, now or hereafter in effect, and except as such 
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity.

     (c) Such Series Receivable has not, nor has any document in the 
related Settlement Package, been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded.

     (d) Such Series Receivable is unrelated to any Settlement Annuity 
Provider which on the Closing Date (or, with respect to any Receivable that 
is not a Series Receivable on the Closing for such Series on the applicable 
Advance Date or such later date as such Receivable became a Series 
Receivable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 
Supplement) is, or Claimant which as of the applicable Cut-Off Date was the 
subject of an Insolvency Event (as determined without giving effect to the 
thirty (30) day grace period for involuntary proceedings), unless, with 
respect to a Claimant which was the subject of such an event, the 
bankruptcy court having jurisdiction over such Claimant had approved the 
sale of such Series Receivable to the Seller.

     (e) The Scheduled Payments with respect to the Settlement Agreement 
that is related to such Series Receivable have no related guaranty, letter 
of credit providing support therefor, or collateral security therefor, 
other than any guaranty, letter of credit, letter-of-credit rights, 
supporting obligations or collateral security that has been assigned by the 
Claimant to Seller and by the Seller to the Issuer.

     (f) The Settlement Annuity Contract relating to such Series Receivable 
has been duly authorized and issued and constitutes the legal, valid and 
binding obligation of the Settlement Annuity Provider and is not subject to 
defense, rescission, reduction, set-off or other defenses.

47

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (g) The Settlement Agreement under which such Series Receivable arises 
has been duly executed by all parties thereto and constitutes the legal, 
valid and binding obligation of such parties (except as such enforceability 
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors rights 
generally or general principals of equity (regardless of whether such 
enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law)) and is not 
subject to defense, rescission, reduction, set-off or other defenses; 
provided that only such portion of such Receivable which is subject to such 
defense, rescission, reduction, set-off or other defense shall be deemed to 
violate this clause (g).

     (h) Neither the Settlement Annuity Contract, if any, relating to such 
Series Receivable nor the Settlement Agreement under which such Series 
Receivable arises contravenes in any material respect any Requirements of 
Law applicable thereto.

     (i) Neither the transfer of such Series Receivable from the Seller to 
the Issuer, nor the grant of a security interest in such Series Receivable 
to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties, would cause an Event 
of Default or a Potential Event of Default to occur.

     (j) No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in 
effect that covers all or part of such Series Receivable or any other 
Series Trust Assets relating thereto is on file in any recording office 
except (A) to the extent relating to such Series Receivable, such as may be 
filed (i) in favor of the Seller in accordance with the Settlement Purchase 
Agreement, (ii) by the Issuer against the Seller pursuant to the Issuer 
Purchase Agreement (and which shall be assigned to the Trustee), (iii) in 
favor of the Trustee, in accordance with this Agreement and the Supplement 
and (vi) relating to any Permitted Lien, and (B) filings in respect of 
which duly executed UCC-3 termination statements or releases effective to 
terminate such filing against the Trust Assets shall have been delivered to 
the Trustee.

     (k) The Issuer has complied with all registration and licensing 
requirements in each state in which it is required to be specially 
registered or licensed as a purchaser of such Series Receivable.

     (l) As of the Closing Date, the applicable Advance Date or such other 
date or such later date as such Receivable became a Series Receivable in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Supplement, unless 
otherwise permitted under the Operative Documents, no Person other than the 
Issuer or, if Split Payments arise from such Series Receivable, the related 
Claimant, shall have any interest therein or a right thereto.

     (m) This Agreement and the Supplement create a valid and continuing 
security interest (as defined in the UCC) in such Series Receivable (and 
any other Series Trust Assets relating thereto) in favor of the Trustee on 
behalf of the Secured Parties which security interest is prior to all other 
Liens and security interests and is enforceable as such against the 
Issuers creditors.

     (n) The Issuer has received all consents and approvals required by the 
terms of such Series Receivable to the pledge of such Series Receivable 
under the Supplement to the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Parties.

48

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (o) The Issuer has caused or will have caused on or prior to the 
Closing Date the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the 
proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable 
Requirements of Law in order to perfect the security interest in such 
Series Receivable (and any other Series Trust Assets related thereto) 
granted to the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Parties. Other than the 
security interest granted to the Trustee on behalf of such Secured Parties 
under the Supplement and this Agreement, the Issuer has not pledged, 
assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed such 
Series Receivable (or any other Series Trust Assets related thereto). The 
Issuer has not authorized the filing and is not aware of any financing 
statements against the Issuer that include a description of such Series 
Receivable (or any other Series Trust Assets related thereto) other than 
any financing statement (i) relating to the security interest granted to 
the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Parties, (ii) that has been terminated 
or (iii) relating to a Permitted Lien. The Issuer is not aware of any 
judgment or tax lien filings against it.

     (p) Any Transfer Order that has been issued with respect to a transfer 
of such Series Receivable evidences the binding obligation of the related 
Obligor to make the related Scheduled Payments to the Seller.

     (q) The assignment of the related Claimants right to receive payments 
under such Series Receivable does not contravene or conflict with any 
applicable Requirements of Law or any contractual or other restriction, 
limitation or encumbrance, which, in any case, would materially impair the 
enforceability of such assignment as against the creditors or any 
debtor-in-possession, bankruptcy trustee, receiver or other similar Person 
of or for such Claimant.

     (r) The Seller has delivered a letter, together with the Transfer 
Order, to either the Settlement Annuity Provider or, if none, the Obligor 
with respect to such Series Receivable directing such Settlement Annuity 
Provider or Obligor to make all Scheduled Payments with respect to Series 
Receivable to the Seller.

     (ii) With respect to each such Series Receivable constituting an 
Annuity Receivable with respect to such Series, such Series Receivable is 
an Eligible Annuity Receivable.

     The representations and warranties made pursuant to this Section 2.05 
as of the Closing Date for each Series (or, with respect to any Receivable 
that is not a Series Receivable with respect to such Series on the Closing 
Date, on the applicable Advance Date or such other date as such Receivable 
shall become a Series Receivable in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement and the Supplement) shall survive such Closing Date (or, with 
respect to any Receivable that is not a Series Receivable on the Closing 
Date, such Advance Date or other date as such Receivable shall become a 
Series Receivable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 
Supplement). Upon discovery by the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Back-up 
Servicer, the Collateral Trustee or the Trustee of a breach of any of the 
foregoing representations and warranties, the party discovering such breach 
shall give prompt written notice to the other parties hereto. The Trustees 
and the Collateral Trustees obligations in respect of any such breach are 
limited as provided in Article XI and Article XIV, respectively, of this 
Agreement.

49

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 2.06. Negative Covenants of the Issuer. The Issuer hereby 
further covenants that, until the satisfaction and discharge of this 
Indenture pursuant to Section 12.01:

     (a) No Liens. Other than (a) certain Liens created pursuant to the 
Operative Documents (all of which Liens have been assigned to the Trustee 
and/or Collateral Trustee pursuant hereto), (b) the security interest 
granted pursuant to the Granting Clause and (c) any other Permitted Liens, 
the Issuer will not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any Person, or 
grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on, any Trust 
Asset, whether now existing or hereafter created, or any interest therein, 
and the Issuer shall defend the Issuers right, title and interest in and 
to, and the Trustees security interest in and to, the Trust Assets, 
whether now existing or hereafter created, against all claims of third 
parties claiming through or under the Issuer.

     (b) Activities of the Issuer. The Issuer will not engage in, enter 
into or be a party to any business, activity or transaction of any kind 
other than the businesses, activities and transactions authorized in its 
Organizational Documents as in effect as of the Closing Date, or as 
otherwise amended with the prior written consent of the Trustee and the 
Control Party.

     (c) Indebtedness. Except for any Permitted Liens and except as 
contemplated herein (including the Supplement hereto) with respect to any 
Advances under the Series 2010-1 Notes, the Issuer will not create, incur 
or assume any Indebtedness or enter into any other securitization 
transaction or any other off-balance sheet financing arrangement.

     (d) Guarantees. The Issuer will not become or remain liable, directly 
or contingently, in connection with any Indebtedness or other liability of 
any other Person, whether by guarantee, endorsement (other than 
endorsements of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection in the 
ordinary course of business), agreement to purchase or repurchase, 
agreement to supply or advance funds, or otherwise.

     (e) Investments. The Issuer will not make or suffer to exist any loans 
or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments (by way of 
transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or 
securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of the business or 
assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except for (i) 
purchases of assets permitted pursuant to the Issuers Organizational 
Documents and (ii) loans, advances, extensions, investments and 
contributions incurred in the ordinary course of business and not exceeding 
$25,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding.

     (f) Extension or Amendment of Receivables. Except as permitted by 
Section 3.01(d) with respect to the Master Servicer, the Issuer will not 
extend, amend or otherwise modify (or consent to, or fail to object to, any 
such extension, amendment or modification by the Seller or the Master 
Servicer) the terms of any Receivable or rescind or cancel, or permit the 
rescission or cancellation of, any Receivable except:

          (i) as permitted under the Supplement; and

          (ii) as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
Governmental Authority.

50

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (g) Change in Credit Policy Manual. The Issuer will not make, or 
consent or fail to object to, any change in the Credit Policy Manual which 
change could be reasonably likely to impair or delay the collectability of 
any Receivable or result in a deterioration in the creditworthiness of the 
Obligors generally.

     (h) Deposits to Applicable Lock-Boxes, the Master Collection Account 
and the Series Collection Account. The Issuer will not deposit or otherwise 
credit, or cause to be so deposited or credited, or consent or fail to 
object to any such deposit or credit, to any Applicable Lock-Box Account, 
any Applicable Lock-Box, the Master Collection Account, cash or cash 
proceeds other than Collections of Receivables and other Trust Assets; 
provided, that to the extent any such other funds are so deposited on any 
date, it shall not constitute a breach of this Section 2.06(h) if such 
other funds are removed from such Applicable Lock-Box or such account 
within two Business Days after such amounts were so deposited in such 
account. The Issuer will not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause to be so 
deposited or credited, or consent or fail to object to any such deposit or 
credit, to the Series Collection Account cash or cash proceeds other than 
Collections of the Series Receivables and other Series Trust Assets; 
provided, that to the extent that any such other funds are so deposited, it 
shall not constitute a breach of this Section 2.06(h) if such funds are 
removed from such account within two Business Days after so deposited in 
such account.

     (i) Receivables Not To Be Evidenced by Promissory Notes. The Issuer 
will take no action to cause any Receivable to be evidenced by any 
instrument (as defined in the UCC of the jurisdiction the law of which 
governs the perfection of the interest in such Receivable created 
hereunder), except in connection with its enforcement, in which event the 
Issuer shall deliver such instrument to the Trustee, for the benefit of the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders, as required pursuant to Section 2.01.

     (j) Change in Name or Jurisdiction of Organization. The Issuer will 
not (i) make any change to its name or principal place of business or use 
any tradenames, fictitious names, assumed names or doing business as 
names unless, at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of any 
such name change, change in principal place of business, or use, the Issuer 
delivers to the Trustee such financing statements (Forms UCC-1 and UCC-3) 
and such other documents or instruments executed by the Issuer as shall be 
necessary to maintain the perfection of the Trustees ownership or security 
interest in the Trust Assets free and clear of all other Liens other than 
Permitted Liens or which the Trustee or the Control Party may reasonably 
request to reflect such change or (ii) change its jurisdiction of 
organization unless the Trustee shall have received from the Issuer, prior 
to such change, (A) those items described in clause (i) hereof, and (B) 
prior to the effective date thereof, an Opinion of Counsel, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, as to such organization 
and the Issuers valid existence and good standing and as to the matters 
referred to in Section 2.03(e).

     (k) Issuer Purchase Agreement. The Issuer will not (i) cancel or 
terminate the Issuer Purchase Agreement or consent to or accept any 
cancellation or termination thereof, (ii) amend or otherwise modify any 
term or condition of the Issuer Purchase Agreement or give any consent, 
waiver or approval thereunder, (iii) waive any default under or breach of 
the Issuer Purchase Agreement or (iv) take any other action under the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement not required by the terms thereof to the extent 
that it could reasonably be expected to impair the

51

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

value of any Trust Asset or the rights or interests of the Issuer 
thereunder or of the Trustee or any Series 2010-1 Noteholders hereunder or 
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may amend, waive or 
otherwise modify the Issuer Purchase Agreement if such amendment, waiver or 
modification is made in accordance with Section 13.01 hereof and the 
amendment provisions of the Supplement.

     (l) Organizational Documents. Except as permitted by Section 2.06(j) 
or, if such amendment could reasonably be expected to result in a Material 
Adverse Effect, as consented to by the Control Party, the Issuer will not 
amend any of its Organizational Documents.

     (m) Maintenance of Separate Existence. The Issuer shall take all 
reasonable steps to continue its identity as a separate legal entity and to 
make it apparent to third Persons that it is an entity with assets and 
liabilities distinct from those of PFSC, the Seller, the other Affiliated 
Entities or any other Person, and that it is not a division of any of the 
Affiliated Entities or any other Person. In that regard, and without 
limiting the foregoing in any manner, the Issuer shall:

          (1) maintain its limited liability company existence and make 
independent decisions with respect to its daily operations and business 
affairs and, other than decisions of its managing member pursuant to the 
terms of the limited liability company agreement of the Issuer, not be 
controlled in making such decisions by any other Affiliated Entity or any 
other Person;

          (2) maintain at least one independent manager or member which 
otherwise is not (or at any time during the last five (5) years has not 
been) a direct, indirect or beneficial officer, general partner, member, 
director, employee, affiliate, associate, creditor, customer or supplier of 
any of the Affiliated Entities (unless acting as such in an independent 
capacity), nor a direct, indirect or beneficial owner of the outstanding 
equity interest (including, limited partnership interests or limited 
liability company interest) of any of the Affiliated Entities, nor a 
relative of any of the foregoing, nor a trustee in bankruptcy for any of 
the foregoing;

          (3) maintain separate and clearly delineated office space owned 
by it or evidenced by a written lease or sublease (even if located in an 
office owned or leased by, or shared with, another Affiliated Entity);

          (4) maintain its assets in a manner which facilitates their 
identification and segregation from those of any of the other Affiliated 
Entities;

          (5) maintain a separate telephone number which will be answered 
only in its own name and separate stationery and other business forms;

          (6) conduct all intercompany transactions with the other 
Affiliated Entities on terms which the Issuer reasonably believes to be on 
an arms-length basis;

          (7) not guarantee any obligation of any of the other Affiliated 
Entities or any other Person, nor have any of its obligations guaranteed by 
any other Affiliated Entity, or hold itself out as responsible for the 
debts of any other Affiliated Entity or for the decisions or actions with 
respect to the business and affairs of any other Affiliated Entity or any 
other Person, nor seek or obtain credit or incur any obligation to any 
third-party based upon the creditworthiness or assets of any other 
Affiliated Entity or any other Person;

52

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (8) except as expressly otherwise permitted hereunder or under 
any of the other Operative Documents, not permit the commingling or pooling 
of its funds or other assets with the assets of any other Affiliated 
Entity;

          (9) maintain separate deposit and other bank accounts to which no 
other Affiliated Entity (other than as the Master Servicer) has any access;

          (10) maintain financial records which are separate from those of 
the other Affiliated Entities;

          (11) compensate (either directly or through reimbursement of its 
allocable share of any shared expenses) all employees, consultants and 
agents, and Affiliated Entities, to the extent applicable, for services 
provided to the Issuer by such employees, consultants and agents or 
Affiliated Entities, in each case, from the Issuers own funds;

          (12) have agreed with each of the other relevant Affiliated 
Entities to allocate among themselves shared overhead and corporate 
operating services and expenses which are not reflected in the Master 
Servicing Fee (including without limitation the services of shared 
employees, consultants and agents and reasonable legal and auditing 
expenses) on the basis of actual use or the value of services rendered, and 
otherwise on a basis reasonably related to actual use or the value of 
services rendered;

          (13) pay for its own account for accounting and payroll services, 
rent, lease and other expenses (or its allocable share of any such amounts 
provided by one or more other Affiliated Entities) and not have such 
operating expenses (or the Issuers allocable share thereof) paid by any of 
the Affiliated Entities, provided, that the Seller shall be permitted to 
pay the initial organizational expenses of the Issuer;

          (14) maintain adequate capitalization in light of its business 
and purpose;

          (15) conduct all of its business (whether in writing or orally) 
solely in its own name through its duly authorized officers, employees and 
agents;

          (16) not make or declare any dividends or other distributions of 
cash or property to the holders of its equity securities or make 
redemptions or repurchases of its equity securities, in either case, on a 
periodic basis any more frequently than monthly or otherwise, in certain 
other irregular cases, in accordance with appropriate corporate formalities 
and consistent with sound business judgment; and all such distributions, 
redemptions or repurchases shall only be permitted to be made hereunder out 
of Available Issuer Funds and only to the extent that it is not violative 
of any applicable Requirements of Law and no Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom;

          (17) maintain at least one employee (which employee may be shared 
with an Affiliate pursuant to a written agreement allocating the 
compensation and other remuneration and benefits for such employee as among 
such parties) in charge of day-to-day operations of the Issuer;

53

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (18) otherwise practice and adhere to corporate formalities such 
as complying with its Organizational Documents and member and manager 
resolutions, the holding of regularly scheduled meetings of members and 
managers, and maintaining complete and correct books and records and 
minutes of meetings and other proceedings of its members and managers; and

          (19) not fail to maintain all policies and procedures or take or 
continue to take all actions necessary or appropriate to ensure that all 
factual assumptions set forth in those certain Opinions of Counsel of the 
Issuer delivered on the Closing Date concluding that sales of Receivables 
made pursuant to the Issuer Purchase Agreement would constitute true sales 
and that the Issuer would not be substantively consolidated with the Seller 
following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to any such 
Person.

     (n) Merger and Other Transactions. The Issuer will not (i) enter into 
any transaction of merger or consolidation, or convey or otherwise dispose 
of any portion of its assets (except as contemplated herein) to any Person 
or Person(s), (ii) terminate, liquidate or dissolve itself (or suffer any 
termination, liquidation or dissolution), (iii) acquire any Person, or (iv) 
appoint any Person other than the Seller or an Affiliate of the Seller to 
be the manager or controlling co-manager of the Issuer.

     (o) Transactions with Affiliates. The Issuer will not enter into, or 
be a party to, any transaction with any of its Affiliates, except (i) the 
transactions contemplated hereby, by the Issuer Purchase Agreement and (ii) 
any other transactions (including, without limitation, the lease of office 
space or computer equipment or software by the Issuer from an Affiliate and 
the sharing of employees and employee resources and benefits) (A) in the 
ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted hereunder, (B) 
pursuant to the reasonable requirements and purposes of the Issuers 
business, (C) upon fair and reasonable terms (and, to the extent material, 
pursuant to written agreements) that are consistent with market terms for 
any such transaction (including any financing arrangements entered into 
pursuant to Section 2.06(e)(ii)), and (D) not inconsistent with the factual 
assumptions set forth in the opinion letters referred to in clause (19) of 
Section 2.06(m).

     (p) Change in Applicable Lock-Box Accounts and Instructions to 
Obligors. The Issuer will not add or terminate any institution as an 
Applicable Lock-Box Bank or add, terminate or substitute any Applicable 
Lock-Box Account or any Applicable Lock-Box from those listed in Schedule 
III hereto, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 4.02 or 
Section 4.03. The Issuer will not instruct any Obligor or Annuity Provider 
to remit Collections to any Person, address or account other than (i) in 
the case of Collections in respect of Annuity Receivables constituting 
Series Receivables, to an Annuity Lock-Box, the Master Collection Account 
or the applicable Series Collection Account and (ii) in the case of all 
other Collections, to the Settlement Lock-Box, the Master Collection 
Account or the Series Collection Account.

     (q) Classification Election. The Issuer will not elect to be 
classified as an association taxable as a corporation for federal, state, 
local or other income tax purposes.

     (r) Activities of the Issuer. The Issuer will not acquire any property 
with the intent to realize a gain arising from market value changes, or 
otherwise engage in, enter into or be a party

54

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

to any business, activity or transaction of any kind, or fail to take any 
action, which would cause the Issuer to fail to satisfy the requirements of 
Rule 3a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act.


ARTICLE III
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES

     SECTION 3.01. Acceptance of Appointment and Other Matters Relating to 
the Master Servicer.

     (a) PFSC agrees to act as the Initial Master Servicer under this 
Agreement (subject to Article X) and shall act and be appointed as such 
under the Supplement without any further action hereunder or thereunder 
(subject to Article X). The Series 2010-1 Noteholders, by their acceptance 
of the Series 2010-1 Notes, consent to PFSC so acting as Master Servicer 
under this Agreement and the Supplement.

     (b) Each of the Trustee and the Issuer hereby appoints as its agent, 
for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, separately, the Person 
appointed by the Trustee, at the direction of the Control Party, or, in 
accordance with Section 3.01(a), deemed appointed to act as Master Servicer 
with respect to the Supplement (subject to Article X) to enforce the 
Trustees and the Issuers respective rights and interests in, to and under 
the Receivables and the other Series Trust Assets; and, in connection 
therewith, the Master Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such 
actions as may be necessary or advisable to collect each Receivable from 
time to time, all in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, with 
reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit Policy 
Manual. The Master Servicer shall exercise the same care and apply the same 
policies with respect to the collection, administration and servicing of 
the Receivables and other Trust Assets that it would exercise and apply if 
it owned such Receivables and other Trust Assets.

     (c) The Master Servicer shall have full power and authority, acting 
alone or through any party properly designated by it hereunder, to do any 
and all things in connection with such servicing and administration which 
it may deem necessary or desirable, subject to the limitations set forth 
herein and in the Supplement. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing and subject to Section 10.01, the Master Servicer or its designee 
is hereby authorized and empowered, and except in the case of clause (vi) 
below, shall be obligated, to (i) subject to the last sentence of Section 
3.05(a) and the terms of the Supplement, to withdraw, or instruct the 
Collateral Trustee in writing to withdraw, from the Issuer Split Payment 
Account, the amounts owing to the applicable Claimants and Individual 
Annuity Sellers in respect of Split Payments, on the Series Receivables, 
and, in accordance with Section 4.02(a), to remit or cause the Collateral 
Trustee to remit such amounts to such Claimants and Individual Annuity 
Sellers, such instructions to also be set forth in the Daily Reports to be 
delivered to the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee in accordance with 
Section 3.05(a), (ii) subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the 
Supplement, administer the Series Accounts, and (iii) to subcontract at the 
Master Servicers expense with any other Person, with the prior consent of 
the Control Party, for servicing, administering or collecting, in whole or 
in part, the Receivables whereupon such other Person with which the Master 
Servicer so subcontracts shall be entitled such rights and powers of the 
Master Servicer hereunder as may be delegated to it; provided, however, 
that the Master

55

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Servicer shall remain fully liable for the performance of the duties and 
obligations of the Master Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. The 
Trustee shall execute any documents furnished by the Master Servicer which 
are necessary or appropriate to enable the Master Servicer to carry out its 
servicing and administrative duties hereunder and which are acceptable in 
form and substance to the Trustee.

     (d) No Master Servicer shall extend the maturity, adjust the 
Discounted Receivables Balance, or otherwise modify the terms of any 
Receivable, except (i) as permitted pursuant to Section 2.06(f), (ii) as 
permitted pursuant to the Supplement and (iii) unless otherwise provided in 
the Supplement, to the extent no Servicer Default, Event of Default or 
Series Event of Default with respect to any affected Series has occurred 
and is outstanding, the Master Servicer shall be permitted to adjust the 
Discounted Receivables Balance of, or extend the time of payment for, any 
Defaulted Receivable, all as it may deem appropriate to maximize the 
Collections thereon and all in accordance with its ordinary business 
practices; provided, that except as otherwise provided herein, such 
Receivable shall remain a Defaulted Receivable hereunder notwithstanding 
such adjustments or modifications unless and until the same shall be 
Rehabilitated.

     SECTION 3.02. Servicing Compensation. As full compensation for its 
servicing activities hereunder, and as reimbursement for any expense 
incurred by it in connection therewith, the Master Servicer shall be 
entitled to receive the Master Servicing Fee. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Master Servicer shall also be entitled to receive all 
reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses paid or incurred by the 
Master Servicer to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

     SECTION 3.03. Representations and Warranties of the Master Servicer. 
The Master Servicer hereby makes, and each Successor Servicer by acceptance 
of its appointment hereunder shall make, the following representations and 
warranties as of the date hereof or, if later, the date of its appointment 
as a Master Servicer (and shall be deemed to remake such representations 
and warranties on each day hereafter or thereafter during which such Person 
is acting as such):

     (a) Organization and Good Standing. Such Master Servicer is a 
corporation, limited liability company or partnership duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the applicable laws of its 
jurisdiction of formation and has full power and authority to own its 
properties and conduct its business as such properties are presently owned 
and as such business is presently conducted, and to execute, deliver and 
perform its obligations under the Operative Documents to which it is a 
party or by which it is bound.

     (b) Due Qualification. Such Master Servicer is duly qualified to do 
business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, limited 
liability company or partnership (or is exempt from such requirements), and 
has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in each jurisdiction in 
which failure to so qualify or to obtain such licenses or approvals has, or 
could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

     (c) Due Authorization. Such Master Servicers execution, delivery and 
performance of the Operative Documents to which it is a party or by which 
it is bound have been duly

56

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or 
partnership, as applicable, and shareholder, member or partner, as 
applicable, actions on the part of such Master Servicer.

     (d) Binding Obligation. Each of the Operative Documents to which it is 
a party or by which it is bound constitutes a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Master Servicer enforceable against it in accordance 
with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable 
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting 
creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be 
limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at 
law or in equity).

     (e) No Conflict. The Master Servicers execution and delivery of the 
Operative Documents and the performance of the transactions contemplated by 
the Operative Documents to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and 
fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof applicable to it, do not 
conflict with or violate any Requirements of Law applicable to the Master 
Servicer, or conflict with, result in any breach of any of the enforceable 
terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of 
time or both) a default under, any indenture, contract, agreement, 
mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the Master Servicer is 
a party or by which it or its properties are bound.

     (f) No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or investigations pending 
or, to the best of the Master Servicers knowledge, threatened against it 
before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the illegality, invalidity 
or unenforceability, or seeking any determination or ruling that would 
affect the legality, binding effect, validity or enforceability, of any of 
the Operative Documents to which it is a party or by which it is bound, 
(ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions 
contemplated by any of the Operative Documents to which it is a party or by 
which it is bound, or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that is 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (g) No Consents. No authorization, consent, license, order or approval 
of or registration or declaration with any Governmental Authority is 
required to be obtained, effected or given by the Master Servicer in 
connection with the execution and delivery by it of any of the Operative 
Documents or the performance by it of its obligations under the Operative 
Documents to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

     (h) Information. Each certificate, information, exhibit, financial 
statement, document, book or record or report furnished by the Master 
Servicer to the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer or any Series 
2010-1 Noteholder in connection with this Agreement is accurate in all 
material respects as of its date, and no such document contains any 
material misstatement of fact or omits to state a material fact or any fact 
necessary to make the statements contained therein not materially 
misleading as of its date.

     The representations and warranties made pursuant to this Section 3.03 
shall survive the date of the making thereof. Upon a discovery by the 
Issuer, such Master Servicer or the Trustee of a breach of any of the 
foregoing representations and warranties which breach has, or could 
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, the party 
discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to the other 
parties. The Trustees obligations in respect of any such breach are 
limited as provided in Section 11.02.

57

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 3.04. Covenants of the Master Servicer. From the Closing Date 
until the earlier of (a) the date of the satisfaction and discharge of this 
Indenture and (b) the Maturity Date of the Series 2010-1 Notes, the Master 
Servicer hereby covenants, and each Successor Servicer by its acceptance of 
its appointment hereunder shall be deemed to covenant, that:

     (a) Change in Accounts. The Master Servicer will not (i) terminate or 
substitute the Series Collection Account except as required pursuant to 
Section 4.02 or (ii) add or terminate any institution as an Applicable 
Lock-Box Bank or terminate or substitute any Applicable Lock-Box Account or 
any Applicable Lock-Boxes from those listed in Schedule III hereto, except 
as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 4.02 or Section 4.03. The Master 
Servicer shall not instruct any Annuity Provider or Obligor to remit, or 
consent to any applicable Claimants, Annuity Providers or Obligors 
instructions to remit or remittance of, Collections to any Person, address 
or account other than (i) in the case of payments in respect of Annuity 
Receivables, an Annuity Lock-Box covered by a Lock-Box Notice, the Master 
Collection Account or the Series Collection Account and (ii) in the case of 
payments made in respect of Settlement Receivables, the Settlement Lock-Box 
covered by a Lock-Box Notice, the Master Collection Account or the Series 
Collection Account

     (b) Collections. In the event that the Master Servicer or any 
Affiliate thereof receives any Collections relating to any Receivables, the 
Master Servicer agrees to hold, or cause such Affiliate to hold, all such 
Collections in trust and to deposit, or cause such Affiliate to deposit, 
such Collections (i) in the case of Collections in respect of Annuity 
Receivables, to an Annuity Lock-Box covered by a Lock-Box Notice, the 
Master Collection Account or the Series Collection Account and (ii) in the 
case of all other Collections, to the Settlement Lock-Box covered by a 
Lock-Box Notice, the Master Collection Account or the Series Collection 
Account, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 
two (2) Business Days after its receipt thereof.

     (c) Preservation of Existence; Compliance with Requirements of Law.

          (i) Except as permitted pursuant to Section 8.02, the Master 
Servicer will preserve and maintain its corporate or other existence, 
rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, 
and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign corporation 
or other type of organization, as applicable, in each jurisdiction where 
the failure to maintain such qualification could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect.

          (ii) The Master Servicer will duly satisfy all obligations on its 
part to be fulfilled under or in connection with each Series Receivable, 
will maintain in effect all qualifications required under Requirements of 
Law in order properly to service such Series Receivable and will comply 
with all other Requirements of Law in connection with servicing such Series 
Receivable.

     (d) Extension or Amendment of Receivables. Except as permitted 
pursuant to Sections 2.06(f) and 3.01(d), the Master Servicer will not 
extend, amend or otherwise modify (or consent or fail to object to any such 
extension, amendment or modification by the Seller, the Seller or the 
Issuer of) the terms of any then existing Receivable.

58

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (e) Protection of Series 2010-1 Noteholders Rights. Except as 
expressly permitted hereunder or under the Supplement, the Master Servicer 
will not take any action which could reasonably be expected to impair the 
rights of any of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders in any Receivable or Trust 
Asset.

     (f) Deposits to Applicable Lock-Box Accounts, Applicable Lock-Boxes, 
the Master Collection Account and the Series Collection Account. The Master 
Servicer will not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause to be so deposited 
or credited, or consent or fail to object to any such deposit or credit, to 
any Applicable Lock-Box Account, any Applicable Lock-Box or the Master 
Collection Account cash or cash proceeds other than Collections of 
Receivables and other Trust Assets; provided that to the extent that any 
such other funds are so deposited on any date, it shall not constitute a 
breach of this Section 3.04(f) if such other funds are removed from such 
Applicable Lock-Box or such account within two (2) Business Days after such 
amounts were so deposited in such account. The Master Servicer will not 
deposit or otherwise credit, or cause to be so deposited or credited, or 
consent or fail to object to any such deposit or credit, to the Series 
Collection Account cash or cash proceeds other than Collections of the 
Series Receivables and other Series Trust Assets; provided that to the 
extent that any such other funds are so deposited, it shall not constitute 
a breach of this Section 3.04(f) if such funds are removed from such 
account within two (2) Business Days after so deposited in such account.

     (g) Receivables Not To Be Evidenced by Promissory Notes. The Master 
Servicer will not take any action to cause any Receivable to be evidenced 
by any instrument (as defined in the UCC of the State the law of which 
governs the perfection of the interest in such Receivable created 
hereunder), except in connection with its enforcement, in which event the 
Master Servicer shall deliver such instrument to the Trustee as required 
pursuant to Section 2.01.

     (h) Reporting Requirements.

          (i) The Master Servicer will furnish to the Trustee, the 
Collateral Trustee and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder:

          (1) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days, 
after becoming aware thereof, notice of the occurrence of any Event of 
Default, Potential Event of Default, Servicer Default or event that, with 
the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a Servicer 
Default, and, in the case of such a Servicer Default or incipient Servicer 
Default, the statement of the chief financial officer or president of such 
Master Servicer setting forth details of such occurrence or event and the 
action which such Master Servicer has taken and proposes to take with 
respect thereto; and

          (2) as soon as possible and in any event within two (2) Business 
Days after acquiring knowledge thereof, notice of the occurrence of any 
Material Adverse Effect.

          (ii) Promptly following any request therefor by the Trustee, the 
Collateral Trustee or the Control Party, the Master Servicer will furnish 
or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee or the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders, as applicable, such information, documents, 
records or reports respecting the Series Receivables, the other Series 
Trust Assets relating thereto or the condition or operations, financial or 
otherwise, of the Issuer as the Trustee,

59

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Collateral Trustee, the Control Party or any such Series 2010-1 
Noteholder may from time to time reasonably request.

     (i) Inspection of Books and Records. The Trustee, the Collateral 
Trustee and/or the Control Party (or if such Control Party is a designated 
percentage of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, a representative of such 
Control Party), independent accountants appointed by, or other agents of, 
any of the foregoing, and the Issuer shall have the right, upon reasonable 
prior written notice to the Master Servicer and at the Issuers expense, to 
visit the Master Servicer to (1) discuss the affairs, finances and accounts 
of the Master Servicer (as they relate to the Master Servicers obligations 
under this Agreement and the other Operative Documents) with, and to be 
advised as to the same by, its officers, and (2) examine the books of 
account and records of the Master Servicer as they relate to the Trust 
Assets and to make or be provided with copies and extracts therefrom, all 
at such reasonable times and intervals and to such reasonable extent during 
regular business hours of the Master Servicer as the Trustee, the 
Collateral Trustee, such designated representative of the Control Party or 
such accountants or agents appointed by any of the foregoing, as 
applicable, may desire.

     (j) Fidelity Insurance. The Master Servicer shall maintain, at its own 
expense (x) all insurance required by federal and state law, including 
workers compensation insurance; (y) errors and omissions insurance in an 
amount of at least $3,000,000; and (z) employee theft and dishonesty 
insurance in an amount of at least $1,000,000. No provision of this 
Section 3.04(j) requiring such fidelity insurance shall diminish or relieve 
the Master Servicer from its duties and obligations as set forth in this 
Agreement or any of the other Operative Documents. The Master Servicer 
shall be deemed to have complied with this provision if one of its 
respective Affiliates has such fidelity policy coverage and, by the terms 
of such fidelity policy, the coverage afforded thereunder extends to the 
Master Servicer. Upon the request of the Trustee or the Control Party, the 
Issuer shall cause to be delivered to the Trustee or the Control Party, as 
applicable, a certification evidencing coverage under such fidelity policy.

     (k) Transactions With the Issuer. The Master Servicer shall at all 
times deal with the Issuer in a manner consistent with Section 2.06(m).

     (l) Compliance Certifications. In connection with the delivery of each 
Monthly Report, a Servicing Officer of the Master Servicer will certify on 
behalf of the Master Servicer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Series 
2010-1 Noteholders as to the contents of such Monthly Report, the form of 
such certification to be set forth on the form of Monthly Report attached 
as Exhibit F hereto.

     (m) Business Day Notification. The Master Servicer shall provide 
written notice to the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee listing all days 
(other than any Saturday or Sunday) on which national banking associations 
or state banking institutions in New York are authorized or obligated by 
law, executive order or governmental decree to be closed, and the Master 
Servicer shall promptly notify the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee of 
any modifications to such listing.

60

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 3.05. Reports and Records.

     (a) Daily Report. By 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each Business 
Day, the Master Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee and the Collateral 
Trustee a Daily Report for the Series (A) specifying the amounts of any 
Split Payments related to the Series and any Collections relating to the 
Trust Assets received in the Master Collection Account on the preceding 
Business Day, the Applicable Lock-Box and/or Applicable Lock-Box Account to 
which such amounts were initially deposited, and the Series Receivables or 
Split Payments, as applicable, to which such amounts relate, (B) directing 
the Collateral Trustee to (1) transfer to the Series Collection Account 
those amounts deposited in the Master Collection Account in respect of 
Collections relating to the Trust Assets and (2) transfer to the Issuer 
Split Payment Account those amounts deposited in the Master Collection 
Account owing as Split Payments to Claimants and Individual Annuity 
Sellers, and (C) if a Servicer Default shall have occurred and is 
continuing, directing the Collateral Trustee to withdraw from the Issuer 
Split Payment Account and remit to the applicable Claimants and Individual 
Annuity Sellers funds on deposit in the Issuer Split Payment Account owing 
in respect of Split Payments.

     (b) Monthly Report. By 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each Series 
Determination Date preceding the applicable Payment Date, the Master 
Servicer shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agent and the Series 2010-1 Noteholders a Monthly Report for the Series 
(including in electronic format or via secure web-access) in respect of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period. The Collateral Trustee and the 
Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon each such 
Monthly Report and the information contained therein.

     (c) Monthly Reconciliations. On or prior to the 20th day of each month 
(or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately succeeding 
Business Day), the Master Servicer shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, 
to the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee and the Series 2010-1 Noteholders 
the certificate prepared by the Back-up Servicer pursuant to Exhibit A of 
the Back-up Servicing Agreement, which certificate certifies that the 
Back-up Servicer has verified all payment information received pursuant to 
Exhibit A of the Back-up Servicing Agreement during the preceding calendar 
month. If the Master Servicer shall not have received such certificate from 
the Back-up Servicer on or prior to the 10th day of each month, the Master 
Servicer shall contact the Back-up Servicer and shall cause such 
certificate to be delivered to the Master Servicer promptly, so that the 
Master Servicer is able to meet the delivery obligations set forth in the 
first sentence of this subsection.

     (d) Limited Trustee Obligation. Except as otherwise specified in the 
Supplement, the Trustee shall have no obligation in respect of any Daily 
Report or Monthly Report received by it pursuant to this Section 3.05 
other than to file and maintain a record of such reports in a manner 
consistent with the standard of care with which it shall perform its duties 
hereunder as set forth in Section 11.01.

     SECTION 3.06. Servicing Report of Independent Public Accountants.

     (a) On or before April 30th of each calendar year, beginning with 
April 30, 2011, the Master Servicer shall cause a firm of nationally 
recognized independent public accountants (who

61

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

may also render other services to the Master Servicer or the Issuer) to 
furnish a report (addressed to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral 
Trustee, the Master Servicer and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder) to the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee, the Master Servicer and each 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder to the effect that they have examined certain 
documents and records relating to the servicing of Receivables under this 
Agreement and the Supplement, compared the information contained in the 
Master Servicers reports delivered pursuant to Section 3.05(b) during the 
period covered by such report with such documents and records and that, on 
the basis of such examination, such accountants are of the opinion that the 
servicing has been conducted in compliance with the terms and conditions as 
set forth in Articles III and IV and Section 8.06 of this Agreement and the 
applicable provisions of the Supplement, except for such exceptions as they 
believe to be immaterial and such other exceptions as shall be set forth in 
such statement.

     (b) On or before April 30th of each calendar year, beginning with 
April 30, 2011, the Master Servicer shall cause a firm of nationally 
recognized independent public accountants (who may also render other 
services to the Master Servicer or the Issuer) to furnish a report 
(addressed to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee, the Master 
Servicer and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder) to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Collateral Trustee, the Master Servicer and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder 
to the effect that they have compared the mathematical calculations of each 
amount set forth in the Master Servicers reports delivered pursuant to 
Section 3.05(b) during the prior calendar year with the Master Servicers 
computer reports which were the source of such amounts and that on the 
basis of such comparison, such accountants are of the opinion that such 
amounts are in agreement, except for such exceptions as they believe to be 
immaterial and such other exceptions as shall be set forth in such 
statement.

     SECTION 3.07. Reserved.

     SECTION 3.08. Adjustments. If the Master Servicer makes a mistake with 
respect to the amount of any Collection, Split Payment or payment and 
deposits, pays or causes to be deposited or paid, an amount that is less 
than or more than the actual amount thereof, the Master Servicer shall 
appropriately adjust the amounts subsequently deposited into the Series 
Collection Account, Series Reserve Account, Series Payment Account or 
Issuer Split Payment Account or paid out to reflect such mistake and 
account for such adjustment in the Daily Reports for the date of such 
adjustment. Any Receivable in respect of which a dishonored check is 
received shall be deemed not to have been paid.

     SECTION 3.09. Reserved.


ARTICLE IV
RIGHTS OF SERIES 2010-1 NOTEHOLDERS AND
ALLOCATION AND APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS

     SECTION 4.01. Rights of Series 2010-1 Noteholders. The Series 2010-1 
Notes shall represent debt of the Issuer secured by the Series Trust Assets 
and shall entitle the holders thereof to receive, to the extent necessary 
to make the required payments with respect to the Series 2010-1 Notes at 
the times and in the amounts specified in the Supplement, the portion of 
Collections of the Series Receivables allocable to the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders pursuant to this

62

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agreement and the Supplement from funds on deposit in the Series Collection 
Account and funds on deposit in any Series Account.

     SECTION 4.02. Establishment of the Master Collection Account and the 
Applicable Lock-Box Accounts; Establishment of the Issuer Split Payment 
Account.

     (a) The Issuer has established prior to the Closing Date and shall 
maintain or cause to be maintained, in the name of the Trustee, and on 
behalf of the Secured Parties, with an Eligible Institution (x) a 
segregated non-interest bearing account accessible by the Collateral 
Trustee (such account being the Master Collection Account and such 
institution holding such account being the Master Collection Account Bank
), such account bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds 
deposited therein are held in the name of the Trustee for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties and (y) for the benefit of the Issuer, shall establish 
or cause to be established on or prior to the Closing Date and shall 
maintain or cause to be maintained in the name of the Collateral Trustee, 
with an Eligible Institution a segregated non-interest bearing account 
accessible by the Collateral Trustee (such account being the Issuer Split 
Payment Account), such account bearing a designation clearly indicating 
that the funds deposited therein as described below are held for the 
benefit of the Issuer. All Collections of Receivables that are deposited 
into Applicable Lock-Box Accounts shall be remitted to the Master 
Collection Account on a daily basis. The Collateral Trustee shall possess 
all right, title and interest in and to all funds from time to time on 
deposit in the Master Collection Account and in all proceeds thereof. The 
Master Collection Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of 
the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties; provided, 
however, that, pursuant to the authority granted to the Master Servicer in 
Section 3.01, the Master Servicer shall have the power with respect to the 
amounts from time to time on deposit in the Issuer Split Payment Account, 
(i) so long as no Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing, 
to withdraw money from the Issuer Split Payment Account, or (ii) if a 
Servicer Default shall have occurred and is continuing, to instruct the 
Collateral Trustee in writing to withdraw money from the Issuer Split 
Payment Account, and, in each case, to remit or cause the Collateral 
Trustee to remit such amounts so withdrawn to the applicable Claimants and 
Individual Annuity Sellers entitled thereto in accordance with the terms of 
the relevant Settlement Purchase Agreements and Annuity Purchase 
Agreements, as applicable, (but, in no event, later than two (2) Business 
Days after the withdrawal of such funds from the Issuer Split Payment 
Account). Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Master 
Servicer shall not have any claim or any right of setoff or bankers lien 
against, or any right to otherwise deduct from, any funds held in the 
Master Collection Account for any amount owed to it by the Trustee, the 
Collateral Trustee, the Issuer, any Series 2010-1 Noteholder or any 
Claimant or any Individual Annuity Seller.

     If, at any time, the institution holding the Master Collection Account 
ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer, for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties, shall (immediately if such institution is Wilmington Trust 
Company or within sixty (60) days with respect to any other institution) 
establish a new Master Collection Account in accordance with this Agreement 
meeting the conditions specified above with an Eligible Institution, 
transfer any cash and/or any investments held in the existing Master 
Collection Account or with respect thereto to such new Master Collection 
Account and provide written notice to the Collateral Trustee referring to 
such new Master Collection Account. From the date such new Master 
Collection Account is

63

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

established, it shall be considered the Master Collection Account for all 
purposes of this Agreement and the other Operative Documents.

     If, at any time, the institution holding the Issuer Split Payment 
Account ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer shall within sixty 
(60) days establish a new Issuer Split Payment Account meeting the 
conditions specified above with an Eligible Institution, transfer any cash 
held therein to such new Issuer Split Payment Account. From the date such 
new Issuer Split Payment Account is established, it shall be the Issuer 
Split Payment Account for all purposes of this Agreement and the other 
Operative Documents.

     Funds on deposit in the Master Collection Account that are related to 
the Trust Assets and Split Payments shall, at the directions of the Master 
Servicer in accordance with the information set forth on the respective 
Daily Reports, be transferred to the Series Collection Account and Issuer 
Split Payment Account, respectively, within one (1) Business Day after 
receipt of any Collections in the Master Collection Account. Except as 
otherwise provided herein, funds on deposit in the Master Collection 
Account shall not be invested.

     The Master Servicer shall, or shall cause, the funds on deposit in the 
Issuer Split Payment Account to be remitted to the applicable Claimant or 
Individual Annuity Seller in accordance with the terms of the applicable 
Settlement Purchase Agreement or Annuity Purchase Agreement.

     (b) The Seller has, prior to the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, established (or caused an Affiliated Entity to establish), and 
from time to time hereafter (in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 3.04(a)) may establish (i) Settlement Lock-Box Accounts (each such 
account, a Settlement Lock-Box Account) and Settlement Lock-Boxes (each 
such lock-box, a Settlement Lock-Box) with one or more depository 
institutions maintained in the name of the Trustee for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties (each such institution holding such an lock-box account 
being a Settlement Lock-Box Bank) into which all Collections received by 
such Settlement Lock-Box Bank (as holder of the related Settlement Lock-Box 
or the recipient of payments by electronic funds transfers) in respect of 
Settlement Receivables are to be deposited by such Settlement Lock-Box Bank 
by the close of business on each Business Day received, or on the next 
Business Day if not received on a Business Day, or by the Master Servicer, 
the Issuer or the Seller, as applicable, within one Business Day after such 
Persons receipt thereof and (ii) Annuity Lock-Box Accounts (each such 
account, an Annuity Lock-Box Account) and Annuity Lock-Boxes (each such 
lock-box, an Annuity Lock-Box) with one or more depository institutions 
maintained for the benefit of the Secured Parties (each such institution 
holding such a lock-box being an Annuity Lock-Box Bank) into which all 
Collections received by such Annuity Lock-Box Bank (as holder of the 
Annuity Lock-Box or the recipient of payments by electronic funds 
transfers) in respect of Annuity Receivables are to be deposited by such 
Annuity Lock-Box Bank by the close of business on each Business Day 
received, or on the next Business Day if not received on a Business Day, or 
by the Master Servicer, the Issuer or the Seller, as applicable, within two 
Business Days after such Persons receipt thereof. The name and location of 
each Settlement Lock-Box and Annuity Lock-Box is set forth on Schedule III 
attached hereto.

     (c) Each Settlement Lock-Box Account, and each Annuity Lock-Box 
Account, and the related Settlement Lock-Box and Annuity Lock-Box is 
subject to the applicable letter

64

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

attached as Exhibit B-2 hereto (the Lock-Box Notice) which has been 
delivered to the Settlement Lock-Box Bank, the Annuity Lock-Box Bank and 
the Collateral Trustee. Pursuant to the applicable Lock-Box Notice, each 
Settlement Lock-Box and Annuity Lock-Box will have been assigned by the 
owners thereof to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties. Neither the Master Servicer, the Seller nor the Issuer shall 
establish any institution as a Settlement Lock-Box Bank or an Annuity 
Lock-Box Bank or substitute any Settlement Lock-Box Account or any 
Settlement Lock-Box or Annuity Lock-Box Account or Annuity Lock-Box from 
those listed in Schedule III hereto unless (i) the Master Control Party has 
provided prior written consent to such additional or substituted Settlement 
Lock-Box Account or Settlement Lock-Box or Annuity Lock-Box Account or 
Annuity Lock-Box and (ii) the Seller, the Issuer, and the applicable 
Settlement Lock-Box Bank or Annuity Lock-Box Bank shall execute and deliver 
to the Trustee on or prior to the date upon which Collections of the Series 
Receivables have been directed to be made to any such new Settlement 
Lock-Box Account or Settlement Lock-Box or Annuity Lock-Box Account or 
Annuity Lock-Box, as applicable, (1) a Lock-Box Notice substantially 
similar to the form attached as Exhibit B hereto with respect to each such 
Settlement Lock-Box Account and any related Settlement Lock-Box or Annuity 
Lock-Box Account and any related Annuity Lock-Box or (2) if such Settlement 
Lock-Box Bank or Annuity Lock-Box Bank has previously executed a Lock-Box 
Notice, an amendment thereto.

     SECTION 4.03. Series Accounts.

     (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall establish and 
maintain with an Eligible Institution, in the name of the Trustee, on 
behalf of the Secured Parties, the following segregated bank accounts:

          (i) a non-interest bearing account to be identified as the 
Series 2010-1 Collection Account for Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, 
LLC (the Series Collection Account);

          (ii) a non-interest bearing account to be identified as the 
Series 2010-1 Reserve Account for Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, 
LLC (the Series Reserve Account);

          (iii) a non-interest bearing account to be identified as the 
Series 2010-1 Payment Account for Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, 
LLC (the Series Payment Account);

          (iv) a non-interest bearing account to be identified as the 
Series 2010-1 Investment Proceeds Account for Imperial Settlements 
Financing 2010, LLC (the Series Investment Proceeds Account); and

          (v) a non-interest bearing account to be identified as the 
Series 2010-1 Holdback Account for Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, 
LLC (the Series Holdback Account).

     Wilmington Trust Company hereby agrees to act as Securities 
Intermediary in respect of each of the Series Accounts. The Securities 
Intermediary hereby expressly covenants that at all times prior to the 
satisfaction and discharge of this Agreement in accordance with the terms

65

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

hereof: (i) all matters relating to the Series Accounts shall be governed 
by the laws of the State of New York and that for purposes of Article 8 of 
the New York UCC the State of New York is the Securities Intermediarys 
jurisdiction; (ii) all property, including all cash and all Eligible 
Investments, held by the Securities Intermediary on behalf of the Trustee 
in the Series Accounts shall be treated as financial assets under and as 
defined in Article 8 of the New York UCC; (iii) the Securities Intermediary 
will treat the Trustee as entitled to exercise the rights comprising the 
investments or other financial assets credited to the Series Accounts and 
will at all times identify the Trustee on the Securities Intermediarys 
records as the person having a security entitlement against the Securities 
Intermediary; (iv) the financial assets credited to the Series Accounts 
shall not be registered in the name of, payable to the order of, or 
specially indorsed to Wilmington Trust Company except in its capacity as 
Securities Intermediary; (v) the Securities Intermediary will in the 
ordinary course of its business maintain securities accounts for others and 
will be acting in that capacity as Securities Intermediary hereunder; and 
(vi) the Securities Intermediary will not comply with entitlement orders 
originated by any Person other than the Trustee with respect to the 
investments or financial assets held in the Series Accounts; provided, the 
Trustee hereby directs the Securities Intermediary, which direction shall 
be revocable by the Trustee at any time, to (x) comply with the 
instructions of the Collateral Trustee (acting at the direction of the 
Master Servicer) with respect to Eligible Investments to the extent such 
instructions are expressly contemplated hereby and (y) comply with the 
instructions of the Master Servicer (or, during the continuance of a 
Servicer Default, the Collateral Trustee (acting at the direction of the 
Master Servicer) with respect to any Series Holdback Account to the extent 
such instructions are expressly contemplated by the Supplement.

     (b) Out of the proceeds of the issuance and sale of the Series 2010-1 
Notes and each Advance thereunder, the Issuer and/or the Master Servicer 
shall instruct the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee, prior to making any 
payments thereof to the Issuer, to deposit to the Series Reserve Account an 
amount equal to the Specified Series Reserve Balance as of the Closing Date 
or related Advance Date, as applicable.

     (c) At the written direction of the Issuer (which may be a standing 
order), funds on deposit in the Series Collection Account, the Series 
Reserve Account and the Series Investment Proceeds Account shall be 
invested by the Collateral Trustee in Eligible Investments selected by the 
Issuer (or, if not so instructed, then held by the Trustee on deposit in 
such account). All such Eligible Investments shall be held by the 
Collateral Trustee in the name or for the benefit of the Trustee for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties. All interest and other investment earnings 
(net of losses and investment expenses, the Investment Proceeds) on funds 
on deposit in the Series Accounts and all cash and other items on deposit 
in the Trustees Account, to the extent such cash, other items and Eligible 
Investments therein are held by the Collateral Trustee or the Trustee for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall upon receipt thereof be deposited 
in the Series Investment Proceeds Account and be distributed therefrom in 
accordance with the Supplement. Neither funds deposited in the Series 
Payment Account nor funds deposited to any other Series Account on the 
Business Day prior to a Payment Date shall be required to be invested 
overnight. Any direction by the Issuer to invest funds on deposit in any 
applicable Series Account in accordance with this Section shall be in 
writing (which may be a standing instruction) and shall certify that the 
requested investment is an Eligible Investment which matures (and the 
proceeds of which are distributable to the Collateral Trustee for deposit 
into the applicable Series Account) no later than the Business Day 
immediately preceding the next

66

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Payment Date (or any such earlier date specified in the Supplement as the 
latest date on which such Eligible Investment shall mature). The Collateral 
Trustee shall have no obligation to invest and reinvest any cash held in 
the applicable Series Account in the absence of timely and specific written 
investment direction from the Issuer. In no event shall the Collateral 
Trustee be liable for the failure to be provided with timely written 
investment directions, the selection of investments or for investment 
losses incurred thereon by reason of investment performance, liquidation 
prior to stated maturity or otherwise.

     (d) If, at any time, the institution holding any Series Account ceases 
to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, shall within thirty (30) days establish a new such Series Account 
meeting the conditions specified in Section 4.03(a) with an Eligible 
Institution, transfer any cash and/or any investment held in such existing 
Series Account or with respect thereto to such new Series Account. From the 
date such new Series Account is established, it shall constitute such 
Series Account for all purposes hereunder.

     SECTION 4.04. Establishment of the Trustees Account. On or prior to 
the Closing Date, the Trustee shall establish and maintain or cause to be 
established and maintained in the name of the Trustee, on behalf of the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders, with an Eligible Institution, a special account 
(the Trustees Account) for deposits by the Issuer or the Master Servicer 
pursuant to the terms of the Supplement. The Trustees Account shall 
initially be account number 098074-005 established and maintained with 
Wilmington Trust Company, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 
19890, Attention: Corporate Capital Markets.

     If, at any time, the institution holding the Trustees Account ceases 
to be an Eligible Institution, the Trustee shall (immediately if such 
institution is Wilmington Trust Company or within sixty (60) days with 
respect to any other institution) establish a new Trustees Account with an 
Eligible Institution, transfer any cash and/or any investments held therein 
or with respect thereto to such new Trustees Account. From the date such 
new Trustees Account is established, it shall be the Trustees Account.

     SECTION 4.05. Other Payments. Indemnification payments and other 
amounts not constituting Collections received by the Trustee from time to 
time, if any, shall be paid by the Trustee to the intended beneficiary of 
such payment or amount in accordance with the written instructions of the 
Person remitting the relevant payment or amount to the Trustee, and in the 
event that such Person shall fail to identify the intended beneficiary or 
to provide the Trustee with written payment instructions, the Trustee shall 
hold such payment or amount in the Trustees Account until such Person or 
the Master Servicer shall have provided the Trustee and the Collateral 
Trustee with the necessary information to make a distribution thereof.


ARTICLE V
DISTRIBUTIONS AND REPORTS TO SERIES 2010-1 NOTEHOLDERS

     (a) Distributions. Distributions shall be made to Series 2010-1 
Noteholders and certain other Persons, as set forth in the Supplement.

     (b) Reports. Reports shall be provided to Series 2010-1 Noteholders 
and certain other Persons as set forth in this Agreement and in the 
Supplement.

67

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (c) Tax Forms. In addition to such other reports that are required to 
be furnished to each Series 2010-1 Noteholder under this Agreement and 
under the Supplement, for 2010 and each calendar year thereafter, not later 
than January 31 or such other date as may from time to time be required 
under the Code, the Collateral Trustee, or the Paying Agent on its behalf, 
shall furnish to each Person that was a Series 2010-1 Noteholder during the 
preceding Fiscal Year a Form 1099 (or such other form(s) as may be 
applicable pursuant to the Code from time to time) setting forth the 
aggregate amounts paid to such Series 2010-1 Noteholder in respect of the 
Series 2010-1 Notes during such Fiscal Year, together with such other 
customary information related to the Series 2010-1 Notes as may be 
necessary to enable such Persons to prepare their federal income tax 
returns.


ARTICLE VI
THE SERIES 2010-1 NOTES

     SECTION 6.01. The Series 2010-1 Notes.

     (a) The Series 2010-1 Notes Generally. The Series 2010-1 Notes shall 
be issued in fully registered form and shall be in substantially the form 
of the exhibits with respect thereto attached to the Supplement and shall, 
upon receipt of an Order to such effect executed by the Issuer, be 
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee to the Persons designated in 
such Order as provided in Section 6.02. Series 2010-1 Notes shall be issued 
pursuant to the terms of the Supplement. Each Series 2010-1 Note shall be 
executed by manual or facsimile signature on behalf of the Issuer by a 
Responsible Officer. Series 2010-1 Notes bearing the manual or facsimile 
signature of the individual who was, at the time when such signature was 
affixed, a Responsible Officer authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer 
shall not be rendered invalid, notwithstanding that such individual 
thereafter ceased to be a Responsible Officer so authorized. Series 2010-1 
Notes shall be issued in U.S. dollars and in minimum denominations of 
$500,000, and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. No Series 
2010-1 Notes shall be entitled to any benefit under this Agreement or the 
Supplement or be valid for any purpose, unless there appears on such Series 
2010-1 Note a certificate of authentication in substantially the form 
provided for herein executed by or on behalf of the Trustee by a 
Responsible Officer of the Trustee, and such certificate upon any Series 
2010-1 Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such 
Series 2010-1 Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All 
Series 2010-1 Notes shall be dated the date of their authentication.

     (b) U.S. Global Notes. Beneficial interests in U.S. Global Notes sold 
or to be sold in the United States or to U.S. Persons under Rule 144A of 
the Securities Act shall be represented by one or more permanent U.S. 
Global Notes in the form and substance substantially similar to those U.S. 
Global Notes attached to the Supplement as exhibits thereto. U.S. Global 
Notes shall be marked with a legend indicating that investors in such 
Series 2010-1 Notes must be Qualified Institutional Buyers. U.S. Global 
Notes shall be held by the Collateral Trustee as custodian for the Common 
Depository on behalf of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders whose interests are 
evidenced by such U.S. Global Notes. U.S. Global Notes shall be duly 
executed by the Issuer and authenticated by or on behalf of the Trustee as 
provided herein.

     (c) Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes. Euroclear/Clearstream Global 
Notes shall be issued in the form of Regulation S Global Notes. The 
Regulation S Global Notes shall be

68

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

deposited with the Collateral Trustee as custodian for the Common 
Depository and registered in the name of a nominee for the Common 
Depository, for credit to the respective accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream and for further credit to the accounts of the owners of 
beneficial interests in such Series 2010-1 Notes (or to such other accounts 
as they may direct) at Euroclear or at Clearstream. During the Restricted 
Period, the Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes shall be represented by the 
Temporary Regulation S Global Notes. A beneficial interest in a Temporary 
Regulation S Global Note may only be transferred to a non-U.S. Person in an 
offshore transaction (within the meaning of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act). Upon the later of (i) the receipt of a Regulation S 
Transfer Certificate by the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent from the 
owner of the beneficial interest in a Temporary Regulation S Global Note 
and (ii) the expiration of the Restricted Period related to such Temporary 
Regulation S Global Note, a beneficial interest in such Temporary 
Regulation S Global Note may be exchanged for a beneficial interest in a 
Permanent Regulation S Global Note in an amount equal to the principal 
amount of such beneficial interest in such Temporary Regulation S Global 
Note. Regulation S Global Notes shall be marked with a legend indicating 
that investors in such Series 2010-1 Notes must constitute Persons allowed 
to purchase such Series 2010-1 Notes under Regulation S of the Securities 
Act. Regulation S Global Notes shall be duly executed by the Issuer and 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Trustee as herein provided.

     (d) Definitive Notes. Definitive Notes shall only be issued to 
investors under the terms and conditions of Sections 6.03(c) and (d). No 
initial issuance of Series 2010-1 Notes under the Supplement shall involve 
the issuance of Definitive Notes.

     (e) Certificated Notes. Interests in Series 2010-1 Notes sold or to be 
sold to Institutional Accredited Investors or Affiliated Entities that are 
not Qualified Institutional Buyers will be issued in the form of permanent 
certificated Series 2010-1 Notes in registered form.

     SECTION 6.02. Authentication of Series 2010-1 Notes. In accordance 
with any Order directing the Trustee to do so, the Trustee shall, subject 
to the conditions set forth in Section 6.09(c), authenticate and deliver 
the Series 2010-1 Notes of each Series to the Persons specified in such 
Order against payment to the Issuer of the purchase price therefor. The 
Trustees form of authentication on all Series 2010-1 Notes shall be in 
substantially the following form:

     This is one of the Series 2010-1 Notes referred to in the 
within-mentioned Indenture.
  	  	  	  	 
  	WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as 
Trustee
  	 
  	By:   	  	 
  	  	Authorized Officer  	 
  	  	  	 
 

     provided, that, if at any time the Trustee shall appoint an 
authenticating agent for any of the Series 2010-1 Notes pursuant to 
Section 6.08, the Series 2010-1 Notes may bear, in the place of the 
Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternate certificate of 
authentication which shall be in substantially the following form:

69

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     This is one of the Series 2010-1 Notes referred to in the 
within-mentioned Indenture.
  	  	  	  	 
  	WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as 
Trustee
  	 
  	By:   	  	 
  	  	as Authenticating Agent  	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	   	 
  	  	Authorized Officer  	 
  	  	  	 

     SECTION 6.03. Transfer and Exchange of Series 2010-1 Notes.

     (a) Generally. The Collateral Trustee shall cause to be kept at the 
Collateral Trustee Office to be maintained in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 14.11 a register (the Note Register) in which, 
subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, a transfer 
agent and registrar (which may be the Collateral Trustee) (the Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent) shall provide for the registration of the 
Series 2010-1 Notes and of transfers and exchanges of the Series 2010-1 
Notes as herein provided. The Note Registrar and Transfer Agent shall 
initially be the Collateral Trustee. The Collateral Trustee (or, if the 
Collateral Trustee is then acting as Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, the 
Control Party) may at any time revoke the appointment of and remove any 
Person serving as Note Registrar and Transfer Agent if the Collateral 
Trustee (or Control Party, as applicable) determines in its sole discretion 
that such Person failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement in 
any material respect. Any Person serving as Note Registrar and Transfer 
Agent shall be permitted to resign as Note Registrar and Transfer Agent 
upon 30 days written notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and the 
Master Servicer; provided, however, that such resignation shall not be 
effective and such Person shall continue to perform its duties as Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent until the Collateral Trustee (or Control 
Party, as applicable) has appointed a successor Note Registrar and Transfer 
Agent reasonably acceptable to the Issuer and the Person so appointed has 
given the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee written notice that it accepts 
the appointment.

     Subject to the restrictions herein and in the applicable Series 2010-1 
Note, upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Series 2010-1 Note 
at any office or agency of the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent maintained 
for such purpose, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall 
authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or 
transferees, one or more new Series 2010-1 Notes (of the same Series and 
principal amount).

     Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article VI and the 
Supplement, Series 2010-1 Notes may be exchanged for other Series 2010-1 
Notes (of the same Series) of authorized denominations of the same 
aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Series 2010-1 Notes to be 
exchanged at any such office or agency. Whenever any Series 2010-1 Notes 
are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee 
shall authenticate and deliver, the Series 2010-1 Notes which the Series 
2010-1 Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

70

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     In addition to the other restrictions on transfer set forth herein, in 
the Supplement or in any applicable Series 2010-1 Note, every Series 2010-1 
Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange 
shall be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee and the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent duly 
executed by the Series 2010-1 Noteholder thereof or his attorney-in-fact 
duly authorized in writing.

     Each Series 2010-1 Note shall be registered at all times as herein 
provided, and any transfer or exchange of such Series 2010-1 Note will be 
valid for purposes hereunder only upon registration of such transfer or 
exchange by the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent as provided herein.

     No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or 
exchange of any Series 2010-1 Note, but the Note Registrar and Transfer 
Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or 
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such 
transfer or exchange.

     All Series 2010-1 Notes surrendered for registration of transfer or 
exchange, or for payment, shall be canceled and disposed of in a manner 
satisfactory to the Trustee.

     (b) Limitations on the Initial Issuance and Sales or Transfers of 
Series 2010-1 Notes. Each purchaser of a Series 2010-1 Note on the Closing 
Date and any other purchaser of a Series 2010-1 Note (whether purchasing a 
Certificated Note or purchasing beneficial interests in a U.S. Global Note 
or a Regulation S Global Note) after such Closing Date, will be required to 
acknowledge that the Series 2010-1 Notes purchased by it have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or under any states 
securities laws.

     No Series 2010-1 Note may be sold or transferred (including, without 
limitation, by pledge or hypothecation) unless such sale or transfer is 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and is 
exempt under applicable state securities laws. No Series 2010-1 Note may be 
offered, sold or delivered until 40 days after its date of issue, within 
the United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined 
under Regulation S of the Securities Act), except to (i) Qualified 
Institutional Buyers (in each case, for itself or for the account of 
another Qualified Institutional Buyer) in accordance with Rule 144A of the 
Securities Act, (ii) Affiliated Entities; provided that the Collateral 
Trustee shall be entitled to request and receive a favorable Opinion of 
Counsel of the type described in Section 6.09(c)(v) prior to the 
consummation of any such sale or transfer or (iii) Institutional Accredited 
Investors that have, prior to their purchase of any Series 2010-1 Notes 
(which shall be Certificated Notes), delivered to the Collateral Trustee, 
the Issuer, the Holder of such Series 2010-1 Note and the Note Registrar 
and Transfer Agent a signed letter in the form of Exhibit C (if such sale 
is on the Closing Date) or Exhibit D (if such sale is after the Closing 
Date), as applicable, and, in each case, is not acquiring the Series 2010-1 
Notes for distribution in violation of the Securities Act and is acquiring 
the Series 2010-1 Notes for its own account or for the account of an 
Institutional Accredited Investor. The Series 2010-1 Notes may be sold or 
resold, as the case may be, to non-U.S. Persons in offshore transactions in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. None of the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any other person shall be required to register the Series 2010-1 
Notes under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. The Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any certificates provided and 
deemed representations made by transferees of

71

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

interests in Series 2010-1 Notes, and shall be entitled to presume 
conclusively the continuing accuracy thereof from time to time, in each 
case without further inquiry or investigation.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, (i) no 
transfer of a Series 2010-1 Note may be made if such transfer would require 
registration of the Issuer under the Investment Company Act and (ii) in the 
event that the Issuer, in consultation with counsel, determines at any time 
that an entitys holding of Series 2010-1 Notes may require the Issuer to 
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, the 
Issuer will so notify such entity and the Issuer will require such entity 
to transfer its Series 2010-1 Notes to such other entities as may be agreed 
upon by the Issuer and such entity in accordance with the minimum 
denominations relating to the Series 2010-1 Notes. The Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent will maintain at its expense an office or offices or agency 
or agencies where Series 2010-1 Notes may be surrendered for registration 
of transfer or exchange.

     Without limiting in any way the restrictions on transfers of interests 
in any Series of Series 2010-1 Notes in this Article VI, prior to (x) the 
date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 
144 under the Securities Act) after the later of the date of the original 
issuance and the last date on which the Issuer or any of the Issuers 
affiliates was the owner of any Series 2010-1 Notes of such Series (or any 
predecessor thereto) and (y) such later date, if any, as may be required by 
any subsequent change in applicable law:

          (i) no U.S. Note or any beneficial interest therein may be sold, 
transferred or otherwise disposed of (any such sale, transfer or other 
disposition, as defined for purposes of this Section, being called a Sale
, with Sell and Sold having correlative meanings), unless such Sale is 
made only in the United States of America and such Sale is not to an 
affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) and is made 
to a transferee (A)(1) that the Holder of such Series 2010-1 Note 
reasonably believes (x) is a Qualified Institutional Buyer purchasing such 
Series 2010-1 Note for its own account or for the account of another Person 
that is a Qualified Institutional Buyer in a transaction exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144A 
thereunder and (y) is aware that the proposed Sale is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and pursuant to an available 
exemption from the registration requirements of applicable state securities 
laws and (2) that has delivered a Rule 144A Transfer Certificate to the 
Holder of such Series 2010-1 Note, the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer and 
the Note Registrar and the Transfer Agent or (B)(1) that the Holder of such 
Series 2010-1 Note reasonably believes (x) is an Institutional Accredited 
Investor acquiring such Series 2010-1 Note for its own account or for the 
account of another Institutional Accredited Investor for investment and (y) 
not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any 
distribution in violation of the Securities Act and (2) that has, prior to 
the date of such transfer, delivered to the Holder of such Series 2010-1 
Note, the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer and the Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent, a signed letter in form of Exhibit C or Exhibit D, as 
applicable, to this Agreement; and

          (ii) none of the Regulation S Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein may be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (any such sale, 
transfer or other disposition, as defined for purposes of this Section, 
being called a Sale, with Sell and Sold having correlative meanings), 
unless such Sale is made only outside of the United States of America 
pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, with such Series 2010-1 
Notes initially being issued in the

72

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

form of beneficial interests in Temporary Regulation S Global Notes. Such 
beneficial interests may be exchanged for beneficial interests in a 
Permanent Regulation S Global Note pursuant to Section 6.01(c).

     Regardless of whether such Sale occurs under clauses (i) or (ii) 
above, the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent shall have received, prior to 
the date of any such proposed Sale, a written instrument of Sale executed 
by the transferring Series 2010-1 Noteholder and the Collateral Trustee.

     Without limiting in any way Section 6.09, Section 6.10 or any other 
Section of this Agreement, the following restrictions shall apply to all 
Sales of the Series 2010-1 Notes (whether such Sale is the initial issuance 
on the Closing Date or a subsequent sale on any other date):

     (i) Series 2010-1 Notes shall bear a legend regarding the restrictions 
on transfer as set forth herein and the Supplement in substantially the 
form set forth in the form of the applicable exhibits to the Supplement.

     (ii) Except as otherwise provided in the Supplement, the Series 2010-1 
Notes, including, without limitation, beneficial interests in any U.S. 
Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, shall not be Sold to any Person 
that is, and each purchaser by its purchase of any Series 2010-1 Notes 
shall be deemed to have represented and covenanted that it is not, and that 
it is not acquiring such Series 2010-1 Notes for or on behalf of, and will 
not transfer such Series 2010-1 Notes to, any employee benefit plan as 
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, or any plan as defined in Section 4975 
of the Code, except that such purchase for or on behalf of an employee 
benefit plan or plan shall be permitted to the extent such Series 2010-1 
Notes are considered indebtedness for purposes of ERISA and:

     (A) to the extent such purchase is made by or on behalf of a bank 
collective investment fund maintained by the purchaser in which no plan 
(together with any other plans maintained by the same employer or employee 
organization) has an interest in excess of ten percent (10%) of the total 
assets in such collective investment fund, and the other applicable 
conditions of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 91-38 issued by the 
Department of Labor are satisfied;

     (B) to the extent such purchase is made by or on behalf of an 
insurance company pooled separate account maintained by the purchaser in 
which, at any time while the applicable Series 2010-1 Notes are 
outstanding, no plan (together with any other plans maintained by the same 
employer or employee organization) has an interest in excess of ten percent 
(10%) of the total of all assets in such pooled separate account, and the 
other applicable conditions of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 90-1 
issued by the Department of Labor are satisfied;

     (C) to the extent such purchase is made on behalf of a plan by (1) an 
investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as 
amended (the 1940 Act), that had total client assets under its management 
and

73

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

control, as of the last day of its most recent fiscal year, in excess of 
$85.0 million ($50.0 million prior to the last day of the investment 
advisers first fiscal year beginning on or after August 23, 2005) and had 
stockholders or partners equity in excess of $1.0 million ($750,000 prior 
to the last day of the investment advisers first fiscal year beginning on 
or after August 23, 2005), as shown in its most recent balance sheet 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or 
(2) a bank as defined in Section 202(a)(2) of the 1940 Act with equity 
capital in excess of $1.0 million as of the last day of its most recent 
fiscal year, or (3) a savings and loan association, the accounts of which 
are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, that has 
been granted trust powers by the appropriate state or federal authority, 
and which has, as of the last day of its most recent fiscal year, equity 
capital or net worth in excess of $1.0 million, or (4) an insurance company 
which is qualified under the laws of more than one state to manage, acquire 
or dispose of any assets of a pension or welfare plan, which insurance 
company has as of the last of its most recent fiscal year, net worth in 
excess of $1.0 million and which is subject to supervision and examination 
by a State authority having supervision over insurance companies and, in 
any case, such investment adviser, bank, savings and loan association or 
insurance company is otherwise a qualified professional asset manager, as 
such term is used in Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 84-14 issued by 
the Department of Labor, and the assets of such plan when combined with the 
assets of other plans established or maintained by the same employer (or 
affiliate thereof) or employee organization and managed by such investment 
adviser, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, do not 
represent more than twenty percent (20%) of the total client assets managed 
by such investment adviser, bank, savings and loan association or insurance 
company at the time of the transaction, and the other applicable conditions 
of such exemption are otherwise satisfied;

     (D) to the extent such plan is not subject to the provisions of Title 
I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or in the case of a governmental or 
church plan, is not subject to any federal or state law that is 
substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code;

     (E) to the extent such purchase is made by or on behalf of an 
insurance company using the assets of its general account, the reserves and 
liabilities for the general account contracts held by or on behalf of any 
plan, together with any other plans maintained by the same employer (or its 
affiliates) or employee organization, do not exceed ten percent (10%) of 
the total reserves and liabilities of the insurance company general account 
(exclusive of separate account liabilities), plus surplus as set forth in 
the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Annual Statement filed 
with the state of domicile of the insurer, in accordance with Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60, and the other applicable conditions of 
such exemption and otherwise satisfied;

     (F) the extent such purchase is made by an in-house asset manager 
within the meaning of Part IV(a) of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 
96-

74

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

23, such manager has made or properly authorized the decision for such plan 
to purchase the applicable Series 2010-1 Notes, under circumstances such 
that Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 96-23 is applicable to the 
purchase and holding of such Series 2010-1 Notes; or

     (G) to the extent such purchase will not otherwise give rise to a 
transaction described in Section 406 of ERISA, Section 4975(c)(1) of the 
Code or any other federal or state law that is substantially similar to 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975(c)(1) of the Code for which a 
statutory or administrative exemption is unavailable.

     (iii) Each Holder of any Series 2010-1 Notes, including, without 
limitation, owners of beneficial interests in U.S. Global Notes and 
Regulation S Global Notes, will notify any prospective purchaser, pledgee 
or other transferee of such Series 2010-1 Notes from such Holder of the 
transfer restrictions referred to in this Section 6.03(b) and in Section 
6.10, and in the Supplement.

     The Issuer shall make available to any selling Holder of U.S. Notes, 
including, without limitation, any seller of a beneficial interest in a 
U.S. Global Note, and any prospective transferee of such U.S. Notes, if 
such sale is being made pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act or Rule 
501 of the Securities Act, such information as is required under Rule 
144A(d)(4) or Rule 501, as applicable, under the Securities Act in 
connection with the resale of any such Series 2010-1 Notes promptly after 
the same is requested. The Issuer shall make available to any selling 
Holder of Regulation S Notes, including, without limitation, any seller of 
a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note, and any prospective 
transferee of such Regulation S Notes, such information as is required 
under Regulation S under the Securities Act in connection with the resale 
of any such Series 2010-1 Notes promptly after the same is requested.

     Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary (and subject 
to any additional restrictions set forth in the Supplement), (i) no Issuer 
Interest Holder (including the Issuer) may transfer any interest in the 
Issuer Interest with respect to any Series except (A) for fair 
consideration (as determined in the reasonable judgment of such assigning 
Issuer Interest Holder) and (B) upon not less than five (5) Business Days 
prior written notice to each Series 2010-1 Noteholder of the Series 2010-1 
Notes and (ii) the Issuer may not transfer any interest in the Issuer 
Interest unless it shall have delivered to each such Series 2010-1 
Noteholder a new Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to each such Series 2010-1 Noteholder confirming that the sale 
of the Series Settlement Receivables with by the Seller to the Issuer 
constitutes an absolute transfer of such Receivables after giving effect to 
any such transfer of an Issuer Interest. On or prior to the effectiveness 
of any transfer by any Issuer Interest Holder of all or a portion of its 
interest in the Issuer Interest with respect to any Series, such assigning 
Issuer Interest Holder shall deliver to the Trustee and the Collateral 
Trustee notice of such assignment and of its and its assignees respective 
percentage interests in the Issuer Interest (after giving effect to such 
assignment).

     Each investor in a Regulation S Note shall acknowledge, prior to its 
investment therein, that such Series 2010-1 Note shall initially be 
represented by a Temporary Regulation S Global Note and that transfers 
thereof or any interests or participations therein are restricted as 
described

75

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

in this Agreement and the Supplement. Each Temporary Regulation S Global 
Note shall bear a legend to the following effect unless the Issuer 
determines otherwise, consistent with applicable law:

THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE IS A TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE FOR 
PURPOSES OF REGULATION S UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED. NEITHER THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE INDENTURE 
DESCRIBED BELOW.

PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE 40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES 
ACT)), THIS NOTE OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF REGULATION S, EXCEPT TO A PERSON REASONABLY BELIEVED TO BE A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (RULE 144A)) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, 
OR OTHERWISE IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S AND SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS 
AND THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEES RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH TRANSFER TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER 
INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER AND THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE.

THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNLESS, 
AFTER GIVING EFFECT TO THE TRANSFER, THE TRANSFEREE IS HOLDING A PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT WHICH IS EQUAL TO $500,000 OR INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF $1,000 IN EXCESS 
THEREOF.

     Holders of beneficial interests in Temporary Regulation S Global Notes 
may not receive distributions in respect thereof or exchange such interests 
for interests in Permanent Regulation S Global Notes unless such 
distribution or exchange complies with the terms of Section 6.01(c).

     (c) Definitive Notes. No interest in a U.S. Global Note or a 
Regulation S Global Note shall be converted into or otherwise exchanged for 
a Definitive Note unless (i) the Common Depository, Euroclear or 
Clearstream (or its nominee), as applicable, or the Issuer advises the 
Trustee and the Collateral Trustee in writing that the Common Depository, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, is no longer willing, qualified or 
able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depository with respect 
to U.S. Global Notes or Regulation S Global Notes, as applicable, and the 
Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor, (ii) the Issuer, at its 
sole option, elects to terminate a book entry system through the Common 
Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, or (iii) after the 
occurrence of a Series Event of Default, Series 2010-1 Noteholders owning 
U.S. Global Notes or Regulation S Global Notes, as applicable, representing 
sixty-six and two-thirds percent of the Aggregate Principal Balance of such 
U.S.

76

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Global Notes or the Regulation S Global Notes, as applicable, advise the 
Trustee and the Collateral Trustee in writing that the continuation of a 
book entry system through the Common Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream 
(or a successor thereto), as applicable, is no longer in the best interests 
of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders. Upon the occurrence of any of the 
foregoing events, the Collateral Trustee shall notify, through the Common 
Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, all Common Depository, 
Euroclear or Clearstream participants who have ownership of U.S. Global 
Notes or Regulation S Global Notes, as applicable, as indicated in the 
records of the Common Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, 
of the occurrence of such event and the availability through the Common 
Depository, Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, of Definitive Notes in 
exchange for such Global Notes. No interest in a Definitive Note shall be 
converted into or otherwise exchanged for a U.S. Global Note or a 
Regulation S Global Note or any interest therein.

     (d) Exchange/Conversion of U.S. Global Notes and Regulation S Global 
Notes to Definitive Notes. Any holder of a beneficial interest in a U.S. 
Global Note or Regulation S Global Note that is entitled, pursuant to 
Section 6.03(c), to receive a Definitive Note evidencing its investment in 
Series 2010-1 Notes may effect the issuance of such Definitive Note in its 
favor only if: (i) the Common Depository, Euroclear, Clearstream or the 
Issuer, as applicable, instructs the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent to 
issue such Definitive Note in an amount equal to the corresponding 
beneficial interest in the U.S. Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, as 
applicable and (ii) the Common Depository, Euroclear, Clearstream or the 
Issuer, as applicable, confirms that the principal amount of the 
corresponding U.S. Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, as applicable, 
has been decreased by such amount. Upon satisfaction of the foregoing 
conditions, the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent shall record such 
conversion or exchange in the Note Register, and the Issuer shall deliver 
to the person specified in such instructions a duly authenticated 
Definitive Note in a principal amount equal to the amount specified in the 
instructions received pursuant to clause (i) above.

     (e) Exchange of Interest in Regulation S Global Note for Interest in 
U.S. Global Note. If a holder of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S 
Global Note wishes to transfer all or a part of its interest in such 
Regulation S Global Note to a Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in 
the form of a beneficial interest in a U.S. Global Note, such holder may, 
subject to the terms hereof and the rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream or the Common Depository, as the case may be, exchange or cause 
the exchange of such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in a 
U.S. Global Note of the same Series. Upon receipt by the Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent of (i) instructions from Euroclear, Clearstream or the 
Common Depository, as the case may be, directing the Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent to cause such U.S. Global Note to be increased by an amount 
equal to such beneficial interest in such Regulation S Global Note but not 
less than the minimum denomination applicable to the Series 2010-1 Notes, 
and (ii) a Rule 144A Transfer Certificate from such prospective transferee, 
then Euroclear, Clearstream or the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, as 
the case may be, will instruct the Common Depository to reduce such 
Regulation S Global Note by the aggregate principal amount of the interest 
in such Regulation S Global Note to be transferred and increase the U.S. 
Global Note specified in such instructions by an amount equal to such 
reduction in such principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note.

77

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (f) Exchange of Interest in U.S. Global Note for Interest in 
Regulation S Global Note. If a holder of a beneficial interest in a U.S. 
Global Note wishes to transfer all or a part of its interest in such U.S. 
Global Note to a Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of 
a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note, such holder may, 
subject to the terms hereof and the rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or the Common Depository, as the case may be, exchange or 
cause the exchange of such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest 
in a Regulation S Global Note of the same Series. Upon receipt by the Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent of (i) instructions from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or the Common Depository, as the case may be, directing the 
Note Registrar and Transfer Agent to cause such Regulation S Global Note to 
be increased by an amount equal to such beneficial interest in such 
Regulation S Global Note but not less than the minimum denomination 
applicable to the related Series of Series 2010-1 Notes to be exchanged, 
and (ii) a Regulation S Transfer Certificate from such prospective 
transferee, then Euroclear, Clearstream or the Note Registrar and Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, will instruct the Common Depository to reduce 
such U.S. Global Note to be transferred and increase the Regulation S 
Global Note specified in such instructions by an amount equal to such 
reduction in the principal amount of the U.S. Global Note.

     (g) Global Note Transfers. Transfers between participants in the 
Common Depository will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with 
their respective rules and operating procedures; provided that any transfer 
to a prospective transferee shall only be made upon receipt by the Note 
Registrar and the Transfer Agent from such prospective transferee of a Rule 
144A Transfer Certificate (in the case of a transfer pursuant to Rule 144A 
of the Securities Act) or Regulation S Transfer Certificate (in the case of 
a transfer pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act).

     SECTION 6.04. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Series 2010-1 Notes
. If (a) any mutilated Series 2010-1 Note is surrendered to the Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent, or the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent 
receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of 
any Series 2010-1 Note; provided that a written statement of such 
destruction, loss or theft from any institutional Series 2010-1 Noteholder 
having a net worth at least equal to $5,000,000 shall constitute 
satisfactory evidence thereof, and (b) there is delivered to the Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Trustee and the Issuer such indemnity as 
may be required by them to save each of them harmless, then, in the absence 
of notice to the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Trustee or the 
Issuer that such Series 2010-1 Note has been acquired by a bona fide 
purchaser, the Issuer shall execute, and upon the request of the Issuer, 
the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of 
any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Series 2010-1 Note, a new 
Series 2010-1 Note of like Series, tenor and fractional undivided interest 
in such Series. In connection with the issuance of any new Series 2010-1 
Note under this Section 6.04, the Trustee or the Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent may require the payment by the Series 2010-1 Noteholder of a 
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation thereto. Any duplicate Series 2010-1 Note issued 
pursuant to this Section 6.04 shall be entitled to all the benefits of this 
Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all Series 2010-1 Notes 
of the same Series that are duly issued hereunder, as if originally issued, 
whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Series 2010-1 Note shall be 
found at any time.

78

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 6.05. Persons Deemed Owners; Deemed Representations by Series 
2010-1 Noteholders.

     (a) At all times prior to due presentation of a Series 2010-1 Note for 
registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the 
Note Registrar and Transfer Agent and any agent of any of them shall treat 
the Person in whose name any Series 2010-1 Note is registered as the owner 
of such Series 2010-1 Note for all purposes whatsoever (such determination 
to be made for purposes of distributions pursuant to the terms hereof and 
of the Supplement as of the applicable Series Determination Date for the 
Series 2010-1 Notes), and neither the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agent, the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent nor any agent of any of them 
shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in determining whether the requisite Series 2010-1 Noteholders 
have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent 
or waiver hereunder, including without limitation authorizing or consenting 
to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 13.01, and, if applicable, 
the Supplement, Series 2010-1 Notes owned by any Affiliated Entity shall be 
disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, in determining 
whether the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent and the Trustee shall be protected in relying 
upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or 
waiver, only Series 2010-1 Notes as to which the Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent have actual knowledge of such ownership shall be so 
disregarded. Series 2010-1 Notes so owned which have been pledged in good 
faith shall not be disregarded and may be regarded as outstanding if the 
pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Issuer and the Trustee the 
pledgees right to so act with respect to such Series 2010-1 Notes and that 
the pledgee is not an Affiliated Entity.

     (b) Each Person who invests in the Series 2010-1 Notes will be deemed 
to have represented and agreed, in addition to those investor 
representations and warranties set forth herein, in the Supplement and in 
any Rule 144A Transfer Certificate or Regulation S Transfer Certificate 
furnished by such Person (and, with respect to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor, in the letter executed thereby in the form of Exhibit C or 
Exhibit D), as follows:

          (i) Neither the Issuer nor any affiliate thereof is acting as a 
fiduciary or financial or investment advisor for such Person;

          (ii) Such Person is (A) a Qualified Institutional Buyer, (B) an 
Institutional Accredited Investor, (C) not a U.S. person under Regulation S 
of the Securities Act or (D) an Affiliated Entity;

          (iii) With respect to Regulation S Global Notes, such Person is 
purchasing such Series 2010-1 Notes in an offshore transaction that is 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant 
to Regulation S thereunder;

          (iv) Such Person is not a participant-directed employee plan, 
such as a 401(K) plan;

          (v) With respect to U.S. Global Notes, such Person is a Qualified 
Institutional Buyer acting for its own account or for the account of 
another Qualified Institutional Buyer;

79

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (vi) Such Person was not formed for the specific purpose of 
investing in the Issuer or the Series 2010-1 Notes; and

          (vii) Such Person, if the transferor of a Series 2010-1 Note, 
shall notify the related transferee of the foregoing prior to its purchase 
of a Series 2010-1 Note.

     SECTION 6.06. Appointment of Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall make 
distributions to Series 2010-1 Noteholders, the Master Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer, the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee, from the Series 
Payment Account pursuant to the terms of the Supplement and shall report 
the amounts of such distributions to the Trustee. So long as any 
Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall 
cause the Paying Agent to maintain at least one office in Europe. Any 
Paying Agent shall have the power, revocable by the Issuer, to withdraw 
funds from the Series Collection Account, and the Series Payment Account, 
in each case, for the purpose of making the distributions referred to 
above. The Issuer may revoke such power and remove the Paying Agent if the 
Issuer determines in its sole discretion that the Paying Agent shall have 
failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material 
respect. The Paying Agent shall initially be the Collateral Trustee. In the 
event that the Collateral Trustee shall no longer be the Paying Agent, the 
Issuer shall appoint a successor to act as Paying Agent (which shall be a 
bank or trust company). The Collateral Trustee shall cause each successor 
Paying Agent or additional Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the 
Trustee an instrument in which such successor or additional Paying Agent 
shall agree with the Trustee that, as Paying Agent, such successor or 
additional Paying Agent will hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment 
to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, the Master Servicer, the Back-up 
Servicer, the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee in trust for the benefit 
of the Persons entitled to payment thereof, until such sums shall be paid 
to such Persons. The Paying Agent shall return all funds remaining 
unclaimed for six months or more to the Trustee. The Trustee shall retain 
such unclaimed amounts solely for the account of the affected Series 2010-1 
Noteholder in the Series Collection Account until the Maturity Date would 
otherwise have occurred but for such unclaimed payments by the Series 
2010-1 Noteholders at which time such unclaimed funds will be distributed 
to the Issuer and the affected Series 2010-1 Noteholder shall look solely 
to the Issuer for reimbursement thereof. Upon removal of a Paying Agent, 
such Paying Agent shall also return all funds in its possession to the 
Trustee. In the event a Paying Agent resigns or is removed, such Paying 
Agent shall continue to act as the Paying Agent until receipt of written 
notice that the Issuer has appointed a successor.

     The Trustee agrees to pay any Paying Agent which the Issuer from time 
to time may appoint reasonable compensation for such Paying Agents 
services under this Section 6.06, which fee shall be payable by the Trustee 
out of the Trustee Fee payable to it in accordance with the Supplement.

     The provisions of Sections 14.01, 14.02, 14.03 and 14.04 shall apply 
to the Collateral Trustee also in its role as Paying Agent, for so long as 
the Collateral Trustee shall act as Paying Agent.

     SECTION 6.07. Access to List of Series 2010-1 Noteholders Names and 
Addresses. The Collateral Trustee will furnish or cause to be furnished by 
the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent a list of names and addresses of the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders (i) to the Paying

80

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agent, not more than five Business Days after each Record Date, (ii) to the 
Paying Agent, not more than five days after each Special Record Date and 
(iii) to the Master Servicer, any Series 2010-1 Noteholder, the Issuer, the 
Trustee or the Paying Agent, within five Business Days after receipt by the 
Collateral Trustee of a written request therefor from the Master Servicer, 
the Issuer, such Series 2010-1 Noteholder, the Trustee or the Paying Agent, 
respectively; provided, however, that so long as the Paying Agent is the 
Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, no such list shall be required to be 
furnished pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above.

     Every Series 2010-1 Noteholder, by receiving and holding a Series 
2010-1 Note, agrees that none of the Collateral Trustee, the Trustee, the 
Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer, the Seller or any of their respective agents, shall be 
held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to 
the names and addresses of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders hereunder, 
regardless of the sources from which such information was derived.

     SECTION 6.08. Authenticating Agent.

     (a) The Trustee may appoint one or more authenticating agents with 
respect to the Series 2010-1 Notes which shall be authorized to act on 
behalf of the Trustee in authenticating such Series 2010-1 Notes in 
connection with the issuance, execution, delivery, registration of 
transfer, exchange or repayment of such Series 2010-1 Notes. Whenever 
reference is made in this Agreement to the authentication of any Series 
2010-1 Notes by the Trustee or the Trustees certificate of authentication, 
such reference shall be deemed to include authentication on behalf of the 
Trustee by an authenticating agent and a certificate of authentication 
executed on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent. Each 
authenticating agent must be acceptable to the Trustee and the Issuer.

     (b) Any institution succeeding to the corporate agency business of an 
authenticating agent shall continue to be an authenticating agent without 
the execution or filing of any power or any further act on the part of the 
Trustee or such authenticating agent.

     (c) An authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written 
notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Issuer. The Trustee or the 
Issuer may at any time terminate the agency of an authenticating agent by 
giving notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Issuer 
(in the case of such termination by the Trustee) or the Trustee (in the 
case of such Termination by the Issuer). Upon receiving such a notice of 
resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time an 
authenticating agent shall cease to be acceptable to the Trustee or the 
Issuer, the Trustee may promptly appoint a successor authenticating agent. 
Any successor authenticating agent upon acceptance of its appointment 
hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its 
predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an 
authenticating agent.

     (d) The Issuer agrees to pay to each authenticating agent from time to 
time reasonable compensation for its services under this Section 6.08 
pursuant to the Supplement; provided, that, if at any time the Collateral 
Trustee is acting as authenticating agent, such compensation shall be paid 
out of the Trustee Fee payable to the Trustee.

81

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (e) The provisions of Sections 11.01, 11.02 and 11.03 shall be 
applicable to any authenticating agent.

     SECTION 6.09. Issuance of the Series 2010-1 Notes.

     (a) The Issuer may issue Series 2010-1 Notes pursuant to the 
Supplement. The Series 2010-1 Notes shall be equally and ratably entitled 
as provided herein to the benefits of this Agreement without preference, 
priority or distinction, all in accordance with the terms and provisions of 
this Agreement and the Supplement.

     (b) On or before the Closing Date, the parties hereto will execute and 
deliver the Supplement which will specify the Principal Terms of the Series 
2010-1 Notes. The terms of the Supplement may modify or amend the terms of 
this Agreement solely as applied to Series 2010-1.

     (c) The obligation of the Trustee to authenticate the Series 2010-1 
Notes and to execute and deliver the Supplement is subject to the 
satisfaction of the following conditions:

          (i) on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the 
Closing Date, the Issuer shall have given the Trustee and the Master 
Servicer, an Order requesting such authentication of Series 2010-1 Notes 
and setting forth the proposed Closing Date and delivery instructions if 
the Series 2010-1 Notes are not to be delivered to the Issuer;

          (ii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee and the 
Collateral Trustee the Supplement, in form and substance satisfactory to 
the Trustee, executed by each party hereto other than the Trustee;

          (iii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Collateral Trustee 
Series 2010-1 Notes, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, 
executed by the Issuer;

          (iv) such issuance will not result in the occurrence of an Event 
of Default, a Potential Event of Default, a Series Event of Default, or any 
event that, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would 
constitute such a Series Event of Default, and the Issuer shall have 
delivered to the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee an Officers 
Certificate, dated the Closing Date (upon which the Trustee and the 
Collateral Trustee may conclusively rely), to the effect that such issuance 
will not result in the occurrence of any such Event of Default, Potential 
Event of Default, Series Event of Default or other event and will not 
result in the occurrence of any such Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Series Event of Default or other event at any time in the future;

          (v) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of 
Counsel to the effect that the issuance of the Series 2010-1 Notes (A) has 
been, or need not be, registered under the Securities Act (unless the 
Issuer has elected, in its sole discretion and at its sole expense, to 
register such Series 2010-1 Notes), (B) will not result in the Issuer 
becoming subject to registration as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act and (C) will not require this Agreement or the 
Supplement to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as 
amended;

82

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (vi) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee a Tax 
Opinion, dated the Closing Date, with respect to such issuance;

          (vii) the Issuer shall have satisfied such other conditions to 
the issuance of the Series 2010-1 Notes as are specified in the Supplement 
as evidenced in an Officers Certificate provided by the Issuer to the 
Trustee; and

          (viii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee fully 
executed copies of the note purchase agreement(s), if any, pursuant to 
which initial investors in the Series 2010-1 Notes acquired their interests 
therein.

     Upon satisfaction of the above conditions, the Trustee shall execute 
the Supplement and, upon receipt of, and in accordance with the terms of, 
an Order to do so, shall authenticate and deliver the Series 2010-1 Notes 
to the Persons specified in such Order against receipt of payment by the 
Issuer of the purchase price for such Series 2010-1 Notes.

     SECTION 6.10. Transfer of Series 2010-1 Notes. The obligation of the 
Trustee to authenticate and issue any Series 2010-1 Note to any transferee 
pursuant to any written instrument of transfer or other direction to do so 
received by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03 shall be subject to the 
satisfaction of the following conditions on or prior to the proposed date 
of such transfer (the Transfer Date):

          (i) the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent shall be satisfied with 
respect to those conditions set forth in Sections 6.03 and 6.05 governing 
transfers or exchanges of interests in U.S. Global Notes and Regulation S 
Global Notes or, with respect to Definitive Notes or Certificated Notes, 
shall have received a written instrument of transfer of the subject Series 
2010-1 Notes executed by the transferring Series 2010-1 Noteholder (or its 
attorney-in-fact, duly authorized), and the original Series 2010-1 Notes 
which are the subject of such transfer;

          (ii) the Issuer, with respect to transfers of Definitive Notes, 
shall have delivered to the Trustee a Tax Opinion from counsel of the 
Issuer or the transferring or transferee Series 2010-1 Noteholder, dated as 
of the Transfer Date, with respect to such transfer;

          (iii) the Issuer, with respect to transfers of Definitive Notes 
or Certificated Notes, shall have delivered to the Note Registrar fully 
executed copies of those agreements, documents or instruments delivered by 
the transferees of such Series 2010-1 Notes which contain the applicable 
representations and warranties required to be made by such transferees 
pursuant to Section 6.03; and

          (iv) the Issuer shall have satisfied such other conditions to the 
transfer thereof as may be specified in the Supplement.

     Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in the Supplement to the 
contrary, no Series 2010-1 Notes may be transferred to any Person in 
respect of which the purchase or holding thereof would constitute a 
prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and each 
prospective transferee shall be required to represent and warrant that it 
is not such a Person prior to the transfer of any such Series 2010-1 Note 
to it and to the extent any such representation and warranty is incorrect 
such transfer shall be rescinded and deemed not to have

83

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

occurred; provided that the Trustee shall have no duty to perform any 
independent investigation with respect to any representation or warranty by 
a prospective purchaser as to the matters set forth in this sentence.

     Upon satisfaction of the above conditions, the Trustee, if required 
under the terms of this Article VI, shall authenticate and deliver the 
Series 2010-1 Notes so transferred to the Persons so designated in the 
written order of transfer (and shall destroy the earlier Series 2010-1 
Notes surrendered to it for transfer) and shall deliver a copy of such 
order of transfer to the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, and the Note 
Registrar and Transfer Agent shall register such transfer in the Note 
Register.

     SECTION 6.11. Provisions Relating to the Regulation S Global Notes.

     (a) Each of the Persons shown in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream as the holder of a Euroclear/Clearstream Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream (as the case may be) for such Persons 
share of each payment by the Issuer to the holder of the applicable 
Regulation S Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under 
such Regulation S Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream. Save as 
aforesaid, such Persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due on any Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes for so 
long as such Series 2010-1 Notes are represented by the Regulation S Global 
Notes, and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to 
the respective holders of such Regulation S Global Notes in respect of each 
amount so paid. Unless and until Definitive Notes have been issued to 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders pursuant to Section 6.03:

          (i) the provisions of this Section 6.11 shall be in full force 
and effect;

          (ii) the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Collateral Trustee and the Trustee shall be entitled to deal with Euroclear 
and Clearstream for all purposes of this Indenture (including the 
distribution of principal of and interest on the Series 2010-1 Notes and 
the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the sole holder of 
the Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes, and shall have no obligation to the 
beneficial owners thereof;

          (iii) the rights of the beneficial owners of the Regulation S 
Global Notes shall be exercised only through Euroclear or Clearstream and 
shall be limited to those established by law and agreements between such 
beneficial owners, Euroclear, Clearstream and/or participants therein. 
Unless and until Definitive Notes are issued pursuant to Section 6.03, 
Euroclear and Clearstream will make book-entry transfers among each of its 
participants and receive and transmit distributions of principal of and 
interest on the Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes to such participants; 
and

          (iv) whenever this Indenture requires or permits actions to be 
taken based upon instructions or directions of holders of Series 2010-1 
Notes evidencing a specified percentage, Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall 
be deemed to represent such percentage only to the extent that it has 
received instructions to such effect from participants owning or 
representing, respectively, such required percentage and has delivered such 
instructions to the applicable

84

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Person required or permitted to take such action. The Note Registrar may 
set a record date for the purpose of determining the identity of holders of 
Euroclear/Clearstream Global Notes entitled to vote or to consent to any 
action by vote as provided in this Indenture.

     (b) With respect to the Holders of Regulation S Global Notes, whenever 
a notice or other communication to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders is 
required under this Indenture, unless and until Definitive Notes shall have 
been issued to beneficial owners pursuant to Section 6.03, the Collateral 
Trustee (individually or on behalf of the Trustee) shall give all such 
notices and communications specified herein to be given to Series 2010-1 
Noteholders to Euroclear and Clearstream and shall have no further 
obligation to such Holders.

     (c) The Issuer, in the case of each Euroclear Security, shall cause 
(i) Euroclear to make appropriate entries on its books transferring each 
such Euroclear Security to the applicable depositorys client securities 
account at Euroclear (the Euroclear Account) and to send a confirmation 
to such depository that Euroclear is holding such Euroclear Security for 
the account of such depository, (ii) such depository to continuously credit 
by book-entry such Euroclear Security to the account of the applicable 
custodian for such account, and, if required by the UCC, to send a 
confirmation to such custiodian that such depository is holding such 
Euroclear Security for the account of such custodian, (iii) such custodian 
to continuously credit by book entry such Euroclear Security to the such 
account, and (iv) such Euroclear Security to be continuously registered to 
Euroclear.

     (d) The Issuer, in the case of each Clearstream Security, shall cause 
(i) Clearstream to make appropriate entries on its books transferring each 
such Clearstream Security to the applicable depositorys client securities 
account at Clearstream (the Clearstream Account) and to send a 
confirmation to such depository that Clearstream is holding such 
Clearstream Security for the account of such depository, (ii) such 
depository to continuously credit by book-entry such Clearstream Security 
to the account of the custodian for such account, and, if required by the 
UCC, to send a confirmation to such custodian that such depository is 
holding such Clearstream Security for the account of the such custodian, 
(iii) such Custodian to continuously credit by book entry such Clearstream 
Security to such account, and (iv) such Clearstream Security to be 
continuously registered to Clearstream.


ARTICLE VII
OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO THE ISSUER

     SECTION 7.01. Obligations Not Assignable. The obligations of the 
Issuer hereunder shall not be assignable nor shall any Person succeed to 
the obligations of the Issuer hereunder.

     SECTION 7.02. Limitations on Liability. None of the members, managers, 
officers, employees, agents, or holders of limited liability company 
interests of or in the Issuer, past, present or future, shall be under any 
liability to the Trustee, the Series 2010-1 Noteholders or any other Person 
for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action in 
such capacities or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement or for any 
obligation or covenant under this Agreement, it being understood that, with 
respect to the Issuer, this Agreement and the obligations created hereunder 
shall be, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, solely the 
limited liability company obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer and any 
member, manager,

85

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

officer, employee, agent, or holder of a limited liability company interest 
of or in the Issuer may rely in good faith on any document of any kind 
prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person (other than the 
Issuer or any Affiliate thereof) respecting any matters arising hereunder.

     SECTION 7.03. Indemnification by the Issuer. Without limiting any 
other rights which any of the Indemnified Parties may have hereunder or 
under applicable law, but without duplication, the Issuer hereby agrees to 
indemnify each of the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
damages, losses, claims, judgments, liabilities and related costs and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, awarded 
against or incurred by any Indemnified Party (A) as are specified in 
Section 11.04(b) or in the Supplement, and subject to the limitations set 
forth herein and therein, or (B) relating to or resulting from or in 
connection with the transactions contemplated herein and the Operative 
Documents, including, without limitation, any of the following (all of the 
foregoing being called the Issuer Indemnified Losses), other than any 
such Issuer Indemnified Loss (x) constituting recourse for Receivables 
which are uncollectible for credit reasons or (y) which arise solely from 
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the affected Indemnified 
Party:

          (i) the pledge by the Issuer to the Trustee of any Series 
Receivable which was not at the time of such transfer an Eligible 
Receivable;

          (ii) reliance on any representation or warranty made in writing 
by the Issuer or the Seller (or any of their respective officers) under or 
in connection with this Agreement, the Supplement, any Issuer Transfer 
Report (as defined in the Issuer Purchase Agreement) or any Monthly 
Report, or reliance on any other information or report delivered by the 
Issuer or by the Master Servicer with respect to the Issuer (to the extent 
based on information provided by the Issuer) pursuant hereto, which shall 
have been false, incorrect or materially misleading in any respect when 
made; it being agreed that the incorrectness of any such representation or 
warranty or the determination that any such representation or warranty was 
materially misleading, and the indemnification obligations of the Issuer 
pursuant to this clause (ii) resulting therefrom, shall in each case, be 
determined without giving effect to any limitation on the knowledge, 
best of knowledge or other similar limitation on the knowledge of the 
Issuer contained in any such representation or warranty;

          (iii) the failure by the Issuer to comply with (x) any term, 
provision or covenant contained in this Agreement, the Supplement, any of 
the other Operative Documents or any agreement executed in connection with 
any of the foregoing or (y) any applicable Requirements of Law with respect 
to any Receivable, the related Settlement Purchase Agreement, Annuity 
Purchase Agreement or the Related Property, or the nonconformity of any 
Series Receivable, the related Settlement Purchase Agreement, Annuity 
Purchase Agreement or the Related Property relating thereto with any such 
applicable Requirements of Law;

          (iv) the failure to vest and maintain vested in the Trustee, or 
to transfer to the Trustee, a first priority perfected ownership or 
security interest in, the Series Receivables and the associated Related 
Property, free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens);

86

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (v) the failure to file, or any delay in filing, financing 
statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any 
applicable jurisdiction or other applicable laws with respect to any Series 
Receivables and the associated Related Security, whether at the time of the 
transfer thereof to the Issuer or otherwise;

          (vi) the failure by the Issuer to be duly qualified to do 
business, to be in good standing or to have filed appropriate fictitious or 
assumed name registration documents in any jurisdiction in which such 
failure has, or could be reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse 
Effect;

          (vii) the failure of the Issuer to pay when due any sales taxes 
or other governmental fees or charges imposed in connection with the 
purchase of any Series Receivables by it pursuant to the Issuer Purchase 
Agreement;

          (viii) the failure of the Issuer or any of its agents, employees 
or representatives to remit any Collections or other amounts received by it 
in respect of the Series in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and 
the Supplement;

          (ix) any Issuer Indemnified Loss resulting from an assignment by 
a Claimant, the Seller or the Issuer of the rights to Scheduled Payments 
(or any portion thereof) under a Settlement Purchase Agreement in 
contravention of an anti-assignment provision in such Settlement Agreement 
or any federal or state statute, regulation or judicial precedent that 
prohibits the transfer of the rights to such Scheduled Payments (or any 
portion thereof) if such anti-assignment provision nullifies or otherwise 
invalidates the assignment; provided, however, that no amount shall be paid 
in satisfaction of such an Issuer Indemnified Loss until a court with 
appropriate jurisdiction has issued a final non-appealable order holding 
that such anti-assignment clause is valid;

          (x) any Issuer Indemnified Loss arising in connection with a 
Series Receivable, the underlying Settlement Agreement related to which was 
not the subject of a Qualified Assignment, to the extent such Issuer 
Indemnified Loss would not have been incurred had such Settlement Agreement 
been the subject of a Qualified Assignment (without regard to whether there 
may have been a different Annuity Provider had there been a Qualified 
Assignment and disregarding any rights against any Person which would have 
been an Assignee had there been a Qualified Assignment); and

          (xi) any Issuer Indemnified Loss of the Trustee or Collateral 
Trustee by reason of its participation in the transactions contemplated 
hereby, other than those arising from its own gross negligence or willful 
misconduct.

     Subject to Section 13.18, any Issuer Indemnified Losses payable by the 
Issuer under this Section 7.03 shall be paid by the Issuer to the 
requesting Indemnified Party within five (5) Business Days following such 
Indemnified Partys written demand therefor, setting forth in reasonable 
detail the basis for such demand. The agreements of the Issuer contained in 
this Section 7.03 shall survive the Maturity Date of the Series and the 
termination of the Supplement. In addition, in no event shall Issuer 
Indemnified Losses include any consequential, special or

87

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

punitive damages. The provisions of this Section 7.03 shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement.

     SECTION 7.04. Net Worth of the Issuer. From the Closing Date until the 
Maturity Date for the Series, the Issuer shall be solvent, maintain a net 
worth sufficient to carry on its business as then conducted and pay its 
debts as they generally become due.

     SECTION 7.05. Non-Payment of Settlement Receivables Due to Change in 
Law. Without limiting any other rights which the Trustee or any Series 
2010-1 Noteholder or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing may have 
hereunder or under applicable Requirements of Law, but without duplication, 
if any payment on a Settlement Annuity Contract related to any Series 
Receivable for any Series is not made when due, and the applicable 
Settlement Annuity Provider shall identify any statute or regulation 
enacted or promulgated after the Closing Date as the sole reason for its 
refusal to make such payment, then, within ninety (90) days after learning 
of any such circumstance, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, commence 
litigation, and diligently pursue such litigation in good faith, to require 
such payment.


ARTICLE VIII
OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO THE MASTER SERVICER

     SECTION 8.01. Liability of the Master Servicer. The Master Servicer 
shall be liable under this Agreement and the Supplement to the extent of 
the obligations and other duties agreed to or undertaken by it in its 
capacity as Master Servicer.

     SECTION 8.02. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the 
Obligations of, the Master Servicer. The Master Servicer shall not 
consolidate with or merge into any other Person or convey or transfer its 
properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person unless:

     (a) (i) the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the 
Master Servicer is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or 
transfer the properties and assets of the Master Servicer substantially as 
an entirety shall be, if the Master Servicer is not the surviving entity, a 
corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company organized and 
existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State or the 
District of Columbia, and such entity shall have expressly assumed, by an 
agreement supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in 
form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, the performance of every 
covenant and obligation of the Master Servicer hereunder and the 
Supplement; (ii) if the Master Servicer is an Affiliated Entity, the 
surviving entity of such merger or conveyance or transfer of property and 
assets is a consolidated subsidiary of Imperial Holdings; (iii) the Master 
Servicer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate in 
form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee stating that such 
consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer complies with this Section 
8.02 and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such 
transaction have been complied with; and (iv) immediately prior to, and 
after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, Potential 
Event of Default, Series Event of Default or Servicer Default exists or 
would exist; and

     (b) the corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company 
formed by such consolidation or into which the Master Servicer is merged or 
which acquires by conveyance or

88

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

transfer the properties and assets of the Master Servicer substantially as 
an entirety shall have all licenses and approvals of Governmental 
Authorities required to service the Series Receivables for the Series 
2010-1 Notes, except to the extent the failure to have any such license 
does not have, and could not reasonably be expected to have, a Material 
Adverse Effect.

     SECTION 8.03. Limitations on Liability. None of the members, managers, 
officers, directors, partners, employees, agents, shareholders, or holders 
of limited liability company interests, as applicable, of or in the Master 
Servicer, past, present or future, shall be under any liability to the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Series 2010-1 Noteholders or any other Person for 
any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action in such 
capacities or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement or for any obligation or 
covenant under this Agreement, it being understood that, with respect to 
the Master Servicer, this Agreement and the obligations created hereunder 
shall be, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Requirements of 
Law, solely the corporate, partnership or limited liability company, as 
applicable, obligations of the Master Servicer. The Master Servicer and any 
member, manager, officer, director, partner, employee, agent, shareholder 
or holder of limited liability company interest of or in the Master 
Servicer may rely in good faith on any document of any kind prima facie 
properly executed and submitted by any Person (other than any Affiliate 
thereof) respecting any matters arising hereunder. The Master Servicer 
shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any 
legal action which is not incidental to its duties as Master Servicer in 
accordance with this Agreement and which in its reasonable judgment may 
involve it in any material expense or liability.

     SECTION 8.04. Indemnification by Master Servicer. The Master Servicer, 
if an Affiliated Entity, shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified 
Party from and against any and all claims, losses and liabilities 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and any claims, losses and 
liabilities in connection with the enforcement of any indemnity or other 
claims hereunder against the Master Servicer) (all of the foregoing being 
collectively referred to as the Master Servicer Indemnified Losses) 
suffered or sustained by reason of any breach by the Master Servicer of its 
representations and warranties or obligations under this Agreement or any 
other Operative Document, or the Supplement (it being agreed that the 
breach of any such representation or warranty by the Master Servicer (to 
the extent it is an Affiliated Entity), and the indemnification obligations 
of the Master Servicer (if an Affiliated Entity) resulting therefrom, shall 
in each case, be determined without giving effect to any limitation on the 
knowledge, best of knowledge or other similar limitation on the 
knowledge of the Master Servicer (if an Affiliated Entity) contained in any 
such representation or warranty). The foregoing, however, excludes, (a) 
Master Servicer Indemnified Losses to the extent resulting from willful 
misconduct, bad faith, gross negligence, the reckless disregard by such 
Indemnified Party of any of his, her or its obligations and duties, (b) 
recourse (except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement or 
the Supplement) for uncollectible Receivables or (c) any net income taxes 
or franchise taxes imposed with respect to net income (or any interest or 
penalties with respect thereto) incurred by such Indemnified Party arising 
out of or as a result of this Agreement, the Supplement or the interest 
conveyed hereunder or thereunder in Trust Assets or in respect of any 
Receivable or the Issuer Purchase Agreement. In addition, in no event shall 
Master Servicer Indemnified Losses include any consequential, special or 
punitive damages. Indemnification pursuant to this Section 8.04 shall not 
be payable from the Trust Assets. The agreement contained in this Section 
8.04 shall survive the collection of all Receivables, the termination of

89

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

this Agreement and the Supplement and the payment of all amounts otherwise 
due hereunder and under the Supplement.

     SECTION 8.05. Master Servicer Not to Resign. The Master Servicer shall 
not resign from the obligations and duties imposed on it hereby and under 
the Supplement except upon determination that (a) its performance of its 
duties hereunder and thereunder is no longer permissible under applicable 
Requirements of Law and (b) there is no reasonable action which such Master 
Servicer could take to make its performance of its duties hereunder 
permissible under applicable Requirements of Law. Any determination 
permitting the resignation of the Master Servicer shall be evidenced by an 
Opinion of Counsel who is not an employee of the Master Servicer or any 
Affiliate of the Master Servicer with respect to clause (a) above, 
delivered to, and in form reasonably satisfactory to, the Trustee. No 
resignation shall become effective until a Successor Servicer shall have 
assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Master Servicer in 
accordance with Section 10.02 hereof.

     SECTION 8.06. Examination of Records. The Master Servicer shall not 
indicate in its records that the Issuer has granted to the Trustee, for the 
benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders of the Series secured thereby, a 
security interest in the Series Receivables and other Series Trust Assets, 
for which it acts in such capacity pursuant to this Agreement and the 
Supplement.

     SECTION 8.07 Miscellaneous. Notwithstanding anything contained herein 
to the contrary:

     (a) Master Servicer shall not be responsible for any failure to 
perform any of its obligations hereunder (not will it be responsible for 
any unavailability of funds credited to any account) if such performance is 
prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event;

     (b) Master Servicer shall have no responsibility or liability for 
investment losses on Eligible Investments;

     (c) Master Servicer shall not be required to monitor the performance 
of any party to this Agreement or the other Operative Documents, including, 
without limitation, the Back-Up Servicer or act as a guarantor of the 
Back-Up Servicers performance.


ARTICLE IX
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     SECTION 9.01. Events of Default. If any one of the following events 
shall occur:

     (a) (i) an Insolvency Event shall occur with respect to the Issuer 
(such event, with respect to any such entity, a Specified Insolvency 
Default); or (ii) an Insolvency Event shall occur with respect to the 
Seller; or

     (b) any Master Servicer (if an Affiliated Entity), the Seller or the 
Issuer shall become, or be controlled by, an entity that is subject to the 
registration requirements of the Investment Company Act; or

90

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (c) the Issuer shall become an association taxable as a corporation 
for federal income tax purposes or shall become a publicly traded 
partnership within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code; or

     (d) any Series Event of Default set forth in the Supplement;

     then, subject to applicable Requirements of Law, in the case of any 
event described in clauses (a), (b) or (c), an Event of Default shall occur 
with respect to the Series without any notice or other action on the part 
of the Trustee or the Control Party immediately upon the occurrence of such 
event, and, in the case of any Series Event of Default, the Supplement 
shall set forth provisions which shall determine whether such Series Event 
of Default shall constitute an Event of Default for the Series and, if so, 
such Series Event of Default shall give rise to an Event of Default for the 
Series.

     The Collateral Trustee, upon the actual receipt of written notice by 
any of its Responsible Officers of the occurrence of any event described in 
clauses (a), (b) or (c) or of any Series Event of Default, shall promptly 
notify the Trustee. The Trustee, upon the actual receipt of written notice 
by any of its Responsible Officers of the occurrence of any such event, 
shall promptly (if such notice is received from a Person other than the 
Collateral Trustee) notify the Collateral Trustee and the Control Party of 
such occurrence.

     SECTION 9.02. Additional Rights Upon the Occurrence of any Event of 
Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of 
Default, in addition to all other rights and remedies under this Agreement, 
the Supplement or otherwise and all other rights and remedies provided 
under the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions and other applicable 
Requirements of Law (which rights shall be cumulative):

     (a) The Trustee may, and shall upon the direction of the Control 
Party, in the case of an Event of Default described in Section 9.01(a), 
(b), (c) or (d), exercise any and all rights and remedies of the Issuer 
under or in connection with the Issuer Purchase Agreement, including, 
without limitation, any and all rights of the Issuer to demand or otherwise 
require payment of any amount under, or performance of any provision of, 
the Issuer Purchase Agreement or, to the extent assigned to it under the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement, any other Operative Document.

     (b) (i) Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Specified Insolvency 
Default, all amounts owing under the Series 2010-1 Notes shall 
automatically become due and payable without any action or notice on the 
part of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, the Control Party or the Trustee. 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of any Event of Default other than a 
Specified Insolvency Default, the Trustee in its discretion may, or if so 
requested in writing by the Control Party, shall, declare all principal and 
interest and other amounts owing under the Series 2010-1 Notes to be 
immediately due and payable.

          (ii) Upon the occurrence and continuation of any Event of 
Default, the Trustee may sell or otherwise liquidate the related Series 
Trust Assets, in whole or in part, on any date or dates following such 
Event of Default; provided, however, that the Trustee may not sell or 
otherwise liquidate any Series Trust Assets following an Event of Default 
unless:

91

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (A) such Event of Default is a Specified Payment Default and the 
Control Party has consented to such sale or liquidation; or

     (B) such Event of Default is a Specified Insolvency Default; or

     (C) Holders of seventy-five percent (75%) of the Aggregate Principal 
Balance of the Series 2010-1 Notes (exclusive of any Series 2010-1 Notes 
held by an Affiliated Entity) consent thereto; or

     (D) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation distributable to the 
Holders of the Series 2010-1 Notes will be sufficient to discharge in full 
all amounts of interest and principal then due and unpaid to such Series 
2010-1 Noteholders; or

     (E) (x) the Trustee determines that such Series Trust Assets will not 
continue to provide sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and 
interest on the Series 2010-1 Notes as they would have become due if such 
Series 2010-1 Notes had not been accelerated, (y) the Trustee provides 
notice to each Series 2010-1 Noteholder and (z) the Majority Series 2010-1 
Noteholders consent thereto.

     At any time after the Trustee is directed by the Control Party to sell 
or otherwise liquidate the applicable Series Trust Assets pursuant to this 
Section 9.02(b)(ii) following an Event of Default, the Trustee may or, at 
the written direction of the Control Party, shall, make the determination 
described in clause of this Section 9.02(b)(ii)(E)(x); provided, that in no 
event shall any such written direction be made more than one time during 
any ninety (90) day period, and the Trustee shall have no obligation, 
liability or duty to act in connection with any additional written 
directions made during such ninety (90) day period.

     In determining the sufficiency or insufficiency with respect to 
clauses (ii)(D) or (ii)(E)(x) of this Section 9.02(b), the Trustee may, but 
need not, obtain and rely (and shall be fully protected in relying) upon an 
opinion of an independent investment banking or independent accounting firm 
of national reputation. The Issuer shall be obligated to reimburse the 
Trustee for any costs or expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection 
with such opinion pursuant to Section 11.04.

     (c) The Trustee shall have any other additional rights with respect to 
the Series and/or Series Trust Assets as shall be set forth in the 
Supplement.

     SECTION 9.03. Certain Specific Rights Upon the Occurrence of an 
Insolvency Event. If an Insolvency Event with respect to the Issuer occurs, 
all rights hereunder or under the Supplement to transfer, substitute or 
exchange any Receivables included in the Trust Assets shall cease, and the 
Issuer shall promptly give notice of such event to the Trustee and the 
Collateral Trustee, and the Collateral Trustee shall promptly forward such 
notice to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders and the Master Servicer.

92

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE X
SERVICER DEFAULTS

     SECTION 10.01. Servicer Defaults. Upon the occurrence of a Servicer 
Default, and for so long as such Servicer Default shall not have been 
remedied or waived, the Trustee, at the direction of the Control Party, by 
notice then given in writing to the Master Servicer (such notice being a 
Termination Notice), shall terminate all of the rights and obligations of 
the Master Servicer as servicer under this Agreement and the Supplement 
with respect to which such notice was so given. The Trustee shall not be 
deemed to have knowledge of a Servicer Default with respect to any Series 
until a Responsible Officer has received written notice thereof.

     After receipt by the Master Servicer of a Termination Notice, and on 
the date that a Successor Servicer shall have been appointed by the Trustee 
pursuant to Section 10.02, all authority and power of the Master Servicer 
under this Agreement and the Supplement shall pass to and be vested in such 
Successor Servicer (a Service Transfer); and, without limitation, the 
Trustee is hereby authorized, empowered and instructed (upon the failure of 
the Master Servicer to cooperate), at the direction of the Control Party, 
to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Master Servicer, as 
attorney-in-fact or otherwise, all documents and other instruments upon the 
failure of the Master Servicer to execute or deliver such documents or 
instruments, and to do and accomplish all other acts or things necessary or 
appropriate to effect the purposes of such Service Transfer. The Master 
Servicer hereby agrees to cooperate, at its expense, with the Trustee, such 
Successor Servicer and any designated subcontractor of such Successor 
Servicer in (i) effecting the termination of the responsibilities and 
rights of the Master Servicer to conduct servicing hereunder and under the 
Supplement, including, without limitation, the transfer to such Successor 
Servicer or such subcontractor of all authority of the Master Servicer to 
service the Receivables as provided under this Agreement and the 
Supplement, including all authority over all Collections which shall on the 
date of such Service Transfer be held by the Master Servicer for deposit to 
any Settlement Lock-Box Account, the Master Collection Account, the Series 
Collection Account, the Series Payment Account, the Series Reserve Account, 
the Trustees Account or the Issuers Account, for payment to any Claimant 
in respect of any Split Payment, or which have been deposited by the Master 
Servicer to any Settlement Lock-Box Account, the Master Collection Account, 
the Series Collection Account, the Series Payment Account, the Series 
Reserve Account or any other account, or which shall thereafter be received 
with respect to the Receivables, and (ii) assisting the Successor Servicer 
and any designated subcontractor of such Successor Servicer. The Master 
Servicer shall, at its expense, as soon as practicable, and in any event 
within three Business Days of such Service Transfer, (A) assemble such 
documents, instruments and other records (including computer tapes and 
disks), which evidence the affected Series Receivables and the other Series 
Trust Assets, and which are necessary or desirable to collect the affected 
Series Receivables, and shall make the same available to the Successor 
Servicer or the Trustee or its designee at a place selected by the 
Successor Servicer or the Trustee or its designee and in such form as the 
Successor Servicer or the Trustee or its designee may reasonably request, 
and (B) segregate all cash, checks and other instruments received by it 
from time to time constituting Collections of Receivables and Split 
Payments in a manner acceptable to the Successor Servicer and the Trustee, 
and, promptly upon receipt, remit all such cash, checks and instruments to 
the Successor Servicer or the Trustee or its designee.

93

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 10.02. Appointment of Successor.

     (a) On and after the receipt by the Master Servicer of a Termination 
Notice pursuant to Section 10.01 or upon a resignation by the Master 
Servicer pursuant to Section 8.05, the Master Servicer shall continue to 
perform all servicing functions under this Agreement and the Supplement, 
until (i) in the case of any such receipt, the date specified in such 
Termination Notice or otherwise specified by the Trustee, at the direction 
of the Control Party, in writing or, if no such date is specified in such 
Termination Notice or otherwise specified by the Trustee, until a date 
mutually agreed upon by the Master Servicer and the Trustee, at the 
direction of the Control Party, and (ii) in the case of any such 
resignation, until a Successor Servicer shall have assumed the 
responsibilities and obligations of the Master Servicer pursuant to this 
Section 10.02. The Trustee, at the direction of the Control Party, shall as 
promptly as possible after the giving of a Termination Notice or such a 
resignation appoint an Eligible Master Servicer in accordance with Section 
10.02(c) as a successor servicer (the Successor Servicer), and such 
Successor Servicer shall accept its appointment by a written assumption in 
a form acceptable to the Trustee.

     (b) Upon its appointment, the Successor Servicer shall be the 
successor in all respects to the terminated or resigning Master Servicer 
with respect to servicing functions for the Series formerly serviced by 
such terminated or resigning Master Servicer under this Agreement and the 
Supplement and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and 
liabilities relating thereto placed on the Master Servicer by the terms and 
provisions hereof and thereof accruing from and after the effective date of 
such appointment. From and after such appointment, all references in this 
Agreement and the Supplement to the Master Servicer shall be deemed to 
refer to such Successor Servicer (except for references to a resigning 
Master Servicer in Section 10.02(a) and elsewhere as the context plainly 
otherwise requires).

     (c) In connection with any Termination Notice or resignation by the 
Master Servicer, the Trustee shall, at the direction of the Control Party, 
review any bids which it obtains from Eligible Master Servicers and appoint 
an Eligible Master Servicer submitting such a bid as Successor Servicer for 
servicing compensation not in excess of the Master Servicing Fee initially 
payable to PFSC as Master Servicer, it being understood and agreed that the 
Trustee, at the direction of the Control Party, shall be permitted to 
appoint an Eligible Master Servicer reasonably acceptable to the Issuer 
submitting the lowest bid as among all such acceptable Eligible Master 
Servicers (such bid not to exceed one hundred twenty percent (120%) of such 
Eligible Master Servicers actual reasonable out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses). Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, in no 
event shall the Trustee be liable for any servicing fee or for any 
differential in the amount of the servicing fee paid hereunder and the 
amount necessary to induce any Successor Servicer to act as successor 
Master Servicer under this Agreement and the transactions set forth or 
provided for herein. No Successor Servicer shall have any liabilities for 
the acts, omissions, representations or warranties of any predecessor 
Servicer.

     (d) Upon the appointment of any Successor Servicer with respect to the 
Series pursuant to Section 10.02(a), such Successor Servicer will, within 
ninety (90) days after such appointment, (i) assume in writing (delivered 
to each of the Trustee and the Back-up Servicer) the rights and obligations 
of PFSC, if any, with respect to the Series under the Back-up Servicing

94

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agreement or (ii) in the event it is unable to successfully negotiate the 
terms of such assumption after exercising commercially reasonably efforts 
to do so, appoint a replacement Back-up Servicer (which successor Back-up 
Servicer must be consented to by the Control Party) that assumes the duties 
of the Back-up Servicer under the Back-up Servicing Agreement.

     (e) All authority and power granted to any Successor Servicer under 
this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of (x) the 
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and (y) the payment in full in 
cash of all amounts owing to any Persons (other than the Affiliated 
Entities) hereunder and under the Supplement, and shall pass to and be 
vested in the Issuer (or its designee) (subject to the proviso to Section 
12.01) and, without limitation, the Issuer is hereby authorized and 
empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of such Successor Servicer, as 
attorney-in-fact or otherwise, all documents and other instruments, and to 
do and accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to 
effect the purposes of such transfer of servicing rights. Each Successor 
Servicer agrees to cooperate with the Issuer (or its designee) in effecting 
the termination of the responsibilities and rights of such Successor 
Servicer to conduct servicing of the Receivables. Each Successor Servicer 
shall transfer its electronic records relating to such Series Receivables 
(and any such electronic records held by any agent thereof) to the Issuer 
(or its designee) in such electronic form as the Issuer (or its designee) 
may reasonably request and such Successor Servicer (and any agent thereof) 
shall transfer all other records, correspondence and documents to the 
Issuer (or its designee) in the manner and at such times as the Issuer (or 
its designee) shall reasonably request.

     (f) The Control Party may waive any Servicer Default by the Master 
Servicer; provided, however, that any Servicer Default resulting from 
failure to make a payment or deposit hereunder shall not be waived. Upon 
any such waiver of a Servicer Default, such Servicer Default shall cease to 
exist and any Servicer Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to be 
remedied hereunder. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other 
Servicer Default or impair any other right consequent thereto.

     SECTION 10.03. Notification to Series 2010-1 Noteholders. Promptly and 
in any event within one Business Day after the Issuer or the Master 
Servicer becomes aware of any Servicer Default with respect to the Master 
Servicer, the Issuer or the Master Servicer, as applicable, shall give 
written notice thereof to a Responsible Officer of each of the Collateral 
Trustee, the Trustee and the Series 2010-1 Noteholders. Upon any 
termination or appointment of a Successor Servicer pursuant to this 
Article X, the Trustee shall give prompt notice thereof to the Collateral 
Trustee, and the Collateral Trustee shall give prompt written notice 
thereof to the Issuer and the Series 2010-1 Noteholders.


ARTICLE XI
THE TRUSTEE

     SECTION 11.01. Duties of Trustee.

     (a) The Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties 
as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and each other Operative 
Document to which it is a party, and no implied duties shall be read 
against the Trustee. Without limiting the foregoing, following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall exercise the rights 
and powers

95

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

vested in the Trustee by this Agreement and the Supplement and use the same 
degree of care and skill in the exercise of such rights and powers as is 
set forth herein, except to the extent that such standard of care requires 
the exercise of greater care and skill than a prudent man would exercise or 
use under the circumstances in the conduct of his own affairs.

     Other than as provided herein or in any other Operative Document, 
neither the Trustee nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees 
shall be liable for any action or omission to act hereunder or under any 
other Operative Document except for its or their own negligence or lack of 
good faith or willful misconduct. Anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the Trustee be liable for 
special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever 
(including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been 
advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage.

     (b) The Trustee, upon receipt of all resolutions, certificates, 
statements, opinions, reports, documents, orders or other instruments 
furnished to the Trustee which are specifically required to be furnished 
pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Operative 
Document, shall examine them to determine whether they substantially 
conform on their face to the requirements of this Agreement or such other 
Operative Document (without any duty of inquiry or investigation as to the 
facts stated therein). The Trustee shall give prompt written notice to the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders of any lack of conformity discovered by the 
Trustee of any such instrument to the applicable requirements of this 
Agreement or such other Operative Document.

     (c) Subject to Section 11.01(a), no provision of this Agreement shall 
be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent 
action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct; 
provided, however, that:

          (i) the Trustee shall not be personally liable for an error of 
judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Responsible 
Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was 
negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

          (ii) the Trustee shall not be personally liable with respect to 
any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in 
accordance with the direction of the Control Party (to the extent the 
Trustee is authorized or directed to rely on the directions of any such 
constituency) relating to the time, method and place of conducting any 
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust 
or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Agreement or any other 
Operative Document; and

          (iii) the Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any 
Event of Default, any Series Event of Default or any Servicer Default 
unless in any case a Responsible Officer of the Trustee obtains actual 
knowledge of such failure or a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives 
written notice of such failure.

     (d) The Trustee shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds 
or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of its 
duties hereunder or under any other Operative Document or in the exercise 
of any of its rights or powers, if there is reasonable ground for believing 
that the repayment of such funds and/or adequate indemnity (and, to the

96

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

extent requested by the Trustee, advancement of funds) against such risk or 
liability is not assured to it, and none of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement shall in any event require the Trustee to perform, or be 
responsible for the manner of performance of, any obligations of the Master 
Servicer under this Agreement or the Supplement.

     (e) Except for actions expressly authorized by this Agreement or the 
Supplement, the Trustee shall take no action reasonably likely to impair 
the interests of the Trustee or the Series 2010-1 Noteholders in any Trust 
Asset now existing or hereafter created or the value of any Trust Asset now 
existing or hereafter created.

     (f) Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Supplement, 
the Trustee shall have no right (i) to release its lien (for the benefit of 
the Series 2010-1 Noteholders) on any Series Trust Assets, (ii) to accept 
any substitute obligation for any Series Trust Asset, (iii) to add any 
other investment, obligation or security for the benefit of any Series, or 
(iv) to withdraw any Series Trust Asset.

     (g) The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for 
investment losses on Eligible Investments.

     (h) The Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any 
cash held in the Series Collection Account, the Series Reserve Account or 
any other account established pursuant to the Supplement.

     (i) The Trustee hereby agrees to comply with the written instructions 
of the Control Party in the exercise of the Trustees rights and 
obligations under the Back-up Servicing Agreement, including, without 
limitation, any decision to (i) waive any Back-up Servicer Default or 
other default by the Back-up Servicer thereunder or to terminate the 
Back-up Servicing Agreement upon any such occurrence, (ii) request the 
delivery of any Settlement Package to the Trustee (copies of which 
documents shall, at the request of the Control Party, be delivered by the 
Trustee to the Control Party) or (iii) request access to the facilities and 
record-keeping systems of the Back-up Servicer in order to perform an audit 
of the Back-up Servicer (which audit shall be conducted by the employees or 
agents of the Control Party); provided, that the Trustee may in its own 
discretion seek reimbursement under the Back-up Servicing Agreement for any 
indemnities or expenses owed to the Trustee pursuant to the terms thereof.

     (j) The Trustee is hereby authorized and empowered, without the need 
for further action on the part of any Person, to execute, deliver and 
perform its obligations under the Operative Documents to which it is or 
will become a party.

     SECTION 11.02. Certain Matters Affecting the Trustee. Except as 
otherwise provided in Section 11.01:

     (a) the Trustee may rely on and shall be protected in acting on, or in 
refraining from acting in accord with, any resolution, Officers 
Certificate, certificate of auditors or any other certificate, statement, 
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, appraisal, 
bond or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have 
been signed or presented to it pursuant to this Agreement or any other 
Operative Document by the proper party or parties; provided, however, that 
the Trustee may not so rely and shall not be so protected in the event that

97

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

it has been negligent in ignoring relevant facts of which it has actual 
knowledge or in ascertaining the relevant facts pursuant to Section 
11.02(d);

     (b) the Trustee may consult with counsel and any advice or opinion of 
counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect 
of any action taken or suffered or omitted by it hereunder or under any 
other Operative Document in good faith and in accordance with such advice 
or opinion of counsel;

     (c) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the 
rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or any other Operative 
Document, or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or 
thereunder or in relation hereto or thereto, at the request, order or 
direction of any of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders (or any constituent 
portion thereof authorized to give any such directions to the Trustee), 
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or any other Operative 
Document, unless such Series 2010-1 Noteholders shall have offered to the 
Trustee reasonable security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and 
liabilities which may be incurred therein or thereby;

     (d) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the 
facts of matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, 
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, appraisal, 
approval, bond or other paper or document presented to it pursuant to this 
Agreement or any other Operative Document, unless requested in writing to 
do so by the Control Party, and any such investigation required or 
permitted to be made by the Trustee shall be limited to the Trustees 
receipt of an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel with respect to 
such investigation;

     (e) the Trustee may execute any of its powers or perform any of its 
duties hereunder or under any other Operative Document either directly or 
by or through agents, attorneys, nominees or custodians, and the Trustee 
shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of 
any such agent (including, without limitation, the Master Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer or any Successor Servicer), attorney, nominee or custodian 
appointed with due care by it; provided, however, that the Trustee may not, 
without the written consent of the Control Party, appoint or subcontract 
with any Person that is an Affiliate of any other party hereto for any such 
purpose;

     (f) except as may be required by Section 11.01(b), the Trustee shall 
not be required to make any initial or periodic examination of any 
documents or records related to the Receivables or the Issuer for the 
purpose of establishing the presence or absence of defects, the compliance 
by the Issuer with its representations and warranties or for any other 
purpose;

     (g) nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the 
Trustee to monitor the performance of any other party hereto or to the 
Back-up Servicing Agreement, including without limitation, the Master 
Servicer and the Back-up Servicer or act as a guarantor of the Master 
Servicers or the Back-up Servicers performance;

     (h) the Trustee in its individual capacity or otherwise may engage in 
any business, lending or other transactions or activities in the ordinary 
course of its business with any of the Affiliated Entities, and shall be 
entitled to exercise all of its rights, powers and remedies in

98

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

connection therewith to the same extent as if the Trustee were not acting 
as the Trustee hereunder and without any duty to account to the Series 
2010-1 Noteholders therefor;

     (i) any reference in this Agreement or the Supplement to the knowledge 
of the Trustee with regard to any matter shall be construed to mean the 
actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Trustees corporate 
trust department with respect to such matter;

     (j) in the event that any information transmitted electronically, 
including without limitation, through the use of electronic mail or 
internet or intranet web sites, by the Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, 
is untimely, inaccurate or incomplete, to the extent that such 
untimeliness, inaccuracy or incompleteness results from systems, software 
or hardware that are not owned, leased by or licensed to the Trustee, the 
parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Trustee shall have no 
liability hereunder in connection with such information transmitted 
electronically. The parties hereto further acknowledge that any systems, 
software or hardware utilized in posting or retrieving any such information 
is utilized on an as is basis without representation or warranty as to 
the intended uses of such systems, software or hardware; and

     (k) the Trustee will not be responsible for any failure to perform any 
of its obligations hereunder or under any other Operative Document (nor 
will it be responsible for any unavailability of funds credited to any 
account) if such performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force 
Majeure Event.

     SECTION 11.03. Trustee Not Liable for Recitals in Series 2010-1 Notes
. The Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the recitals 
contained herein, in the Supplement and/or in the Series 2010-1 Notes 
(other than the certificate of authentication on the Series 2010-1 Notes 
executed by it). Except as set forth in Section 11.14, the Trustee makes no 
representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes (other than the certificate of authentication on 
the Series 2010-1 Notes) or of any Receivable or related document. The 
Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer 
of any of the Series 2010-1 Notes, or for the use or application of any 
proceeds of the Series 2010-1 Notes paid to the Issuer in respect of the 
Series 2010-1 Notes, the Receivables deposited in or withdrawn from any 
Settlement Lock-Box Account, the Master Collection Account, the Series 
Collection Account, the Series Payment Account, the Series Reserve Account, 
the Issuers Account, the Trustees Account or any other account hereafter 
established to effectuate the transactions contemplated by and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Supplement. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Trustee shall have no 
responsibility or liability for the content or adequacy of any private 
placement memorandum or any other offering document.

     SECTION 11.04. Compensation; Trustees Expenses; Indemnification.

     (a) As full compensation for its services hereunder with respect to 
any Series, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, solely out of 
Collections of Trust Assets and, to the extent provided in the Supplement, 
and subject to the priority of payments set forth in the Supplement, the 
Trustee Fee.

99

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (b) Expenses; Indemnification. The Issuer will pay or reimburse the 
Trustee upon its request for, and will, within thirty (30) days of demand 
and submission of evidence of such expenses or other liabilities, indemnify 
and hold the Trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents 
harmless against, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and 
expenses of legal counsel), disbursements, costs, demands, claims, and 
liabilities incurred or made by (including in connection with the 
enforcement of any indemnity or other claims against the Issuer) or against 
the Trustee in respect of the Series in accordance with any of the 
provisions of this Agreement or any other Operative Document or in 
connection with any amendment hereto or thereto or by reason of its 
participation in the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby 
(including, in all such cases, the reasonable fees and expenses of its 
agents, any co-Trustee and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement 
or liability as may arise from the Trustees own gross negligence, willful 
misconduct or bad faith and except as provided in the following sentence. 
The terms of this Section 11.04 shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee. If the 
Trustee is named as a defendant in any litigation or other proceedings in 
respect of which the Issuer would have indemnification obligations 
hereunder, the Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer of the same and 
afford it (and the Master Servicer on its behalf) an opportunity to 
participate in, and (at their expense) direct the conduct of, any such 
proceedings. No settlement of any such proceedings shall be agreed by the 
Trustee without the consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of 
the Issuer.

     SECTION 11.05. Eligibility Requirements for Trustee. The Trustee 
hereunder shall at all times be an Eligible Institution. If such 
corporation publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to 
law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining 
authority, then, for the purpose of this Section 11.05, the combined 
capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined 
capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so 
published. In case at any time the Trustee shall cease to be an Eligible 
Institution in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11.05, the 
Trustee shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect 
specified in Section 11.06.

     SECTION 11.06. Resignation or Removal of Trustee.

     (a) The Trustee may at any time resign and be discharged from the 
trust hereby created by giving prior written notice thereof to the Issuer, 
the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, the Master Servicer and the Collateral 
Trustee. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Issuer shall 
promptly appoint a successor trustee acceptable to the Control Party by 
written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be 
delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. 
If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted 
appointment within thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice of 
resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent 
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee.

     (b) If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be an Eligible 
Institution in accordance with Section 11.05 hereof and shall fail to 
resign after written request therefor by the Master Servicer, the Issuer or 
the Control Party, or if at any time the Trustee shall be legally unable to 
act, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or if a receiver or a 
trustee for it or for its property shall be appointed, or any public 
officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or 
affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, 
then the

100

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Issuer shall remove the Trustee and promptly appoint a successor trustee 
acceptable to the Control Party by written instrument, in duplicate, one 
copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and 
one copy to the successor trustee.

     (c) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a 
successor trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 11.06 
shall not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor 
trustee as provided in Section 11.07 hereof.

     SECTION 11.07. Successor Trustee.

     (a) Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 11.06 
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Issuer, to the Master 
Servicer and to its predecessor Trustee an instrument accepting such 
appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the 
predecessor Trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee, 
without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with 
all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor 
hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein. The 
predecessor Trustee shall deliver to the successor trustee all documents or 
copies thereof and statements held by it hereunder; and the Issuer and the 
predecessor Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such 
other things as may reasonably be required for fully and certainly vesting 
and confirming in the successor trustee all such rights, powers, duties and 
obligations.

     (b) No successor trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this 
Section 11.07 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee 
shall be an Eligible Institution in accordance with Section 11.05 hereof.

     (c) Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided 
in this Section 11.07, such successor trustee shall mail notice of such 
succession hereunder to the Collateral Trustee and all Series 2010-1 
Noteholders.

     SECTION 11.08. Merger or Consolidation of Trustee. Any Person into 
which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be 
consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or 
consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any Person 
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of 
the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder, provided such 
Person shall be an Eligible Institution in accordance with Section 11.05, 
without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part 
of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding.

     SECTION 11.09. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee.

     (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, at any 
time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirements of any jurisdiction 
in which any part of the Trust Assets may at the time be located, the 
Trustee shall have the power and may execute and deliver all instruments to 
appoint one or more persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or 
separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust 
Assets, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the 
benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, such title to the Trust Assets, 
or any part thereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section 
11.09, such

101

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Trustee may consider 
necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee hereunder shall 
be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under 
Section 11.05 and no notice to Series 2010-1 Noteholders of the appointment 
of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required under Section 11.07 
hereof.

     (b) Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent 
permitted by law be appointed and act subject to the following provisions 
and conditions:

          (i) all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or 
imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised 
or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly 
(it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not 
authorized to act separately without the Trustee joining in such act), 
except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any 
particular act or acts are to be performed, the Trustee shall be 
incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such 
rights, powers, duties and obligations shall be exercised and performed 
singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction 
of the Trustee; and

          (ii) the Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or 
remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

     (c) Any notice, request or other writing given to the Trustee shall be 
deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and 
co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument 
appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement 
and the conditions of this Article XI. Each separate trustee and 
co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested 
with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, 
either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, 
subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including 
every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of, affecting the 
liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee. Every such 
instrument shall be filed with the Trustee and a copy thereof given to the 
Master Servicer.

     (d) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the 
Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to 
the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect 
of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or 
co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all 
its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be 
exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the 
appointment of a new or successor trustee.

     SECTION 11.10. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Series 
2010-1 Notes. All rights of action and claims under this Agreement or the 
Series 2010-1 Notes may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without 
the possession of any of the Series 2010-1 Notes or the production thereof 
in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by 
the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as Trustee. Any recovery of 
judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable 
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its 
agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the affected Series 
2010-1 Noteholders, in respect of which such judgment has been obtained.

102

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 11.11. Suits for Enforcement.

     (a) If a Servicer Default shall occur and be continuing, the Trustee 
shall, at the direction of the Control Party, or may, in its discretion, in 
either case subject to the provisions of Sections 11.01 and 11.12, proceed 
to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders under this Agreement and the Supplement by suit, action or 
proceeding in equity or at law or otherwise, whether for the specific 
performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the 
Supplement or in aid of the execution of any power granted in this 
Agreement or the Supplement or for the enforcement of any other legal, 
equitable or other remedy as the Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall 
deem most effectual to protect and enforce any of the rights of the Trustee 
or such Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

     (b) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee 
to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Series 
2010-1 Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or 
composition affecting the Series 2010-1 Notes or the rights of any Series 
2010-1 Noteholder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the 
claim of any Series 2010-1 Noteholder in any such proceeding.

     SECTION 11.12. Rights of Series 2010-1 Noteholders to Direct Trustee. 
The Trustee will perform its duties as Trustee hereunder and under each 
other Operative Document to which it is a party (including, without 
limitation, the exercise of any trust, power or remedy conferred on or 
available to the Trustee hereunder and under the Supplement) at the 
direction of the Control Party; provided, however, that if any provision of 
this Agreement or the Supplement imposes a duty on the Trustee and requires 
the approval or other action of Series 2010-1 Noteholders holding a 
specified percentage of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Series 
2010-1 Notes, then the Trustee shall perform such duty with respect to the 
Series only at the direction of the same percentage of Series 2010-1 
Noteholders as is specified in such provision; provided further, however, 
that subject to Section 11.01, the Trustee shall have the right to decline 
to follow any such direction if the Trustee after being advised by counsel 
determines that the action so directed may not lawfully be taken, or if the 
Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer or Responsible 
Officers of the Trustee, determine that the proceedings so directed would 
be illegal or be unduly prejudicial to the rights of the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders not parties to such direction; and, provided, further, that 
nothing in this Agreement shall impair the right of the Trustee to take any 
action deemed proper by the Trustee and which is not inconsistent with such 
direction of any such constituency of Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

     SECTION 11.13. Representations and Warranties of Trustee. The Trustee 
represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that:

     (a) the Trustee is duly organized and validly existing as a banking 
corporation under the laws of Delaware;

     (b) the Trustee has full power, authority and right to execute, 
deliver and perform this Agreement, and has taken all necessary action to 
authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement 
and each other Operative Document to which it is a party; and

103

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (c) each of this Agreement and each other Operative Document to which 
it is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Trustee and 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Trustee 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as such 
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, 
insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, 
and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of 
equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity).

     SECTION 11.14. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Trustee will 
maintain at its expense in Wilmington, Delaware, an office or agency where 
notices and demands to or upon the Trustee in respect of the Series 2010-1 
Notes and this Agreement may be served. The Trustee initially designates 
its office located at Rodney Square North, 1100 N. Market Street, 
Wilmington, Delaware 19890, Attention: Corporate Capital Markets, as such 
office. The Trustee will give prompt written notice to the Collateral 
Trustee, the Master Servicer and to all Series 2010-1 Noteholders of any 
change in the location of such office.

     SECTION 11.15. Trustee May Own Series 2010-1 Notes. The Trustee in its 
individual or any other capacity may become the Holder or beneficial owner 
of any Series 2010-1 Note with the same rights as it would have if it were 
not the Trustee hereunder; provided, however, that, in addition to any 
other limitations specified in the Supplement with respect to the Series 
2010-1 Notes, the Trustee agrees that it will not in its individual 
capacity become the Holder or beneficial owner of more than 331/3% of the 
Aggregate Principal Balance of the Series 2010-1 Notes.

     SECTION 11.16 Rights of Trustee in Capacity of Paying Agent, 
Securities Intermediary, Note Registrar or Transfer Agent. In the event 
that the Trustee is also acting in the capacity of Paying Agent, Securities 
Intermediary, Note Registrar or Transfer Agent hereunder, the rights, 
protections, immunities or indemnities afforded to the Trustee pursuant to 
this Indenture shall also be afforded to the Trustee in its capacity as 
Paying Agent, Securities Intermediary, Note Registrar or Transfer Agent, to 
the extent not inconsistent with Section 4.03 of this Indenture, Article 8 
of the UCC and federal regulations.


ARTICLE XII
SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

     SECTION 12.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of the Indenture. The 
Indenture and the respective obligations and responsibilities of the 
Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Master Servicer and the Trustee created 
hereby (other than the obligation of the Trustee to make payments to Series 
2010-1 Noteholders as hereinafter set forth) shall terminate, except with 
respect to the duties described in Sections 7.03, 8.04, 11.04, 12.02(b), 
13.06(a), 13.10 and 13.13 upon the earlier to occur of (i) at the option of 
the Issuer exercisable by an Order to the Trustee to such effect, any day 
following the Maturity Date of the Series 2010-1 Notes, and (ii) such 
earlier time as all outstanding Series 2010-1 Notes theretofore 
authenticated and issued hereunder have been delivered (other than any 
Series 2010-1 Notes which shall have been destroyed, lost or stolen and 
which shall have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 6.02) to the 
Trustee for cancellation and the Issuer shall have paid all sums required 
to be paid hereunder and under the Series 2010-1 Notes; provided, however, 
that if, at any time after the payment that would have otherwise resulted 
in the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture

104

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and such obligations, such payment is rescinded or must otherwise be 
returned for any reason, effective upon such rescission or return such 
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and such obligations shall 
automatically be deemed never to have occurred and the Indenture and such 
obligations shall be deemed to be in full force and effect.

     SECTION 12.02. Final Distribution.

     (a) The Issuer shall give the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee and each 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder at least twenty days prior written notice of the 
date on which (i) the Indenture is expected to be satisfied and discharged 
in accordance with Section 12.01 and (ii) the final payment on the Series 
2010-1 Notes will be made. Not later than five Business Days after the 
Collateral Trustee shall receive such notice, the Collateral Trustee shall 
mail notice to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders specifying (w) the date upon 
which such final payment will be made, (x) the amount of any such final 
payment, (y) if applicable, that the Payment Date otherwise applicable to 
such final payment is not applicable and (z) that following such payment, 
all outstanding Series 2010-1 Notes shall be deemed canceled. The 
Collateral Trustee shall give such notice to the Note Registrar and 
Transfer Agent and the Paying Agent at the time such notice is given to the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders. Each Series 2010-1 Noteholder shall cause the 
redelivery of its Series 2010-1 Note to the Trustee prior to receipt of the 
final distribution and on or prior to the date on which the Indenture is 
satisfied and discharged. Each such Series 2010-1 Note shall be delivered 
to the Trustee marked cancelled or paid in full. In the event any such 
Series 2010-1 Note is lost or otherwise unavailable, the holder of such 
Series 2010-1 Note may deliver a lost note affidavit to the Trustee in lieu 
of such Series 2010-1 Note.

     (b) Notwithstanding the Issuers delivery to the Collateral Trustee, 
or the Collateral Trustees delivery to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, of 
the notices required under Section 12.02(a), all funds then on deposit in 
the Series Collection Account, the Series Payment Account, the Series 
Reserve Account or the Trustees Account shall continue to be held in trust 
for the benefit of the applicable Series 2010-1 Noteholders, and the Paying 
Agent, the Collateral Trustee or the Trustee shall pay such funds to such 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders and to all other applicable parties on the date 
specified in such notice, subject to the priorities set forth in the 
Supplement (as if such distribution occurred on an applicable Payment 
Date).

     SECTION 12.03. Release of Liens. Upon irrevocable payment of all 
amounts due under the Series 2010-1 Notes and all unpaid fees and expenses 
of the parties hereto and any other secured party designated in the 
Supplement, the Trustee, at the written request of the Issuer, shall 
release (and shall, at the expense of the Issuer, execute and deliver to 
the Issuer all necessary UCC releases and other releases in respect 
thereof) the Series Trust Assets securing the Series 2010-1 Notes from the 
lien of the Trustee effected pursuant to the Granting Clause hereof and 
pursuant to the Supplement.

105

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE XIII
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     SECTION 13.01. Amendment; Waiver of Default Events.

     (a) Supplements and Amendments to Indenture Without Consent of Series 
2010-1 Noteholders. This Agreement and the Supplement may be amended from 
time to time by the Master Servicer (to the extent such consent is required 
in accordance with the first proviso of this sentence) and/or the 
Collateral Trustee (to the extent such consent is required in accordance 
with the final proviso of this sentence), the Issuer and the Trustee to:

          (1) cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision 
herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein, but only 
if such action shall not adversely affect the interests of any Series 
2010-1 Noteholder (other than an Affiliated Entity); or

          (2) comply with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this 
Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act if and to the extent such 
compliance is required by applicable law;

     provided, that the Master Servicers consent shall not be required 
with respect to any such amendment which does not modify any of their 
respective obligations, duties, rights or benefits hereunder or under any 
of the other Operative Documents; provided, further, that the consent of 
the Collateral Trustee shall not be required with respect to any such 
amendment which does not modify any of its respective obligations, duties, 
rights or benefits hereunder or under any of the other Operative Documents. 
The Trustee may require an Officers Certificate from the Issuer and an 
Opinion of Counsel from outside counsel of the Issuer, in each case, with 
respect to an amendment entered into pursuant to this Section 13.01(a) 
concerning the effect of any such action.

     (b) Supplements and Amendments to Indenture With Consent of Series 
2010-1 Noteholders and/or Control Party. This Agreement and the Supplement 
may be amended or any term or provision thereof waived from time to time by 
(x) the Master Servicer and the Collateral Trustee (in each case to the 
extent such consent to any such amendment would be required pursuant to the 
first sentence of Section 13.01(a)) and (y) the Issuer for the purpose of 
adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of 
the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights 
of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders; provided, however, that no such amendment 
or waiver shall (i) reduce in any manner the amount of, or delay the timing 
of, allocations, payments or distributions to be made to any Series 2010-1 
Noteholder without the consent of such Series 2010-1 Noteholder in respect 
of the relevant Series 2010-1 Notes, (ii) change the definition of or the 
manner of calculating any Series 2010-1 Noteholders interest in any Series 
2010-1 Note or any Series Trust Assets without the consent of each affected 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder in respect of the relevant Series 2010-1 Notes, 
(iii) modify the foregoing consent requirements with respect to any 
amendment or waiver so as to eliminate the requirement that each affected 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder shall have consented to such amendment, without 
the consent of each Series 2010-1 Noteholder, (iv) cause any adverse tax 
effect for any Series 2010-1 Noteholder without the consent of each 
affected Series 2010-1 Noteholder in respect of the relevant Series 2010-1 
Notes, (v) release all or any material portion

106

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of the Series Trust Assets without the consent of each Series 2010-1 
Noteholder or (vi) reduce the Specified Series Reserve Balance for the 
Series without the consent of each Series 2010-1 Noteholder. The Trustee 
shall require an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which 
counsel shall not be an employee of any Affiliated Entity) with respect to 
an amendment entered into pursuant to this Section 13.01(b) concerning 
compliance with the requirements of this Agreement.

     (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 13.01(a) and 
13.01(b), neither this Agreement nor the Supplement shall be amended in 
violation of any restrictions or limitations set forth in the Supplement.

     (d) Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or waiver, the 
Issuer shall furnish a copy of such amendment or waiver to each party 
hereto and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder.

     (e) It shall not be necessary for the consent of Series 2010-1 
Noteholders under this Section 13.01 to approve the particular form of any 
proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall 
approve the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents and of 
evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Series 2010-1 
Noteholders shall be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Trustee 
may prescribe.

     (f) The Supplement executed in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 6.09 shall not be considered an amendment to this Agreement for the 
purposes of this Section.

     (g) Prior to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement or the 
Supplement, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an 
Opinion of Counsel of outside counsel to the Issuer stating that the 
execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement or 
the Supplement, as the case may be, and that all conditions precedent to 
such amendment have been satisfied. The Trustee may, but shall not be 
obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects the Trustees own 
rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement, the Supplement or 
otherwise.

     SECTION 13.02. Protection of Right, Title and Interest to Trust Assets
.

     (a) The Issuer shall cause this Agreement, all amendments hereto and 
all financing statements and continuation statements and any other 
necessary documents covering the Issuers ownership and the Trustees 
security interest, for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, in and 
to the Trust Assets to be promptly recorded, registered and filed, and at 
all times to be kept recorded, registered and filed, all in such manner and 
in such places as may be required by applicable Requirements of Law to 
preserve and protect fully the right, title and interest of the Issuer, the 
Series 2010-1 Noteholders and the Trustee hereunder in and to all Trust 
Assets. The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee and each Series 2010-1 
Noteholder file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, each document 
recorded, registered or filed by it as required above, promptly following 
such recording, registration or filing.

     (b) Within thirty (30) days after the Issuer makes any change in its 
name, identity or corporate structure which would make any financing 
statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement seriously misleading within the meaning of

107

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Sections 9-503(a), 9-504 and 9-507 (or any comparable provision) of the UCC 
as in effect in the jurisdiction the law of which governs the perfection of 
the interest in the Trust Assets created hereunder or under the Supplement, 
the Issuer shall give the Trustee and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder notice 
of such change and shall file such financing statements or amendments as 
may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Issuers ownership 
interest and the Trustees security interest, as contemplated by Section 
2.01 hereof for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, in the Trust 
Assets and the proceeds thereof.

     (c) The Issuer and the Master Servicer will give the Trustee and each 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder prompt written notice of any relocation of any 
office from which it services Receivables (or any portion thereof) or keeps 
records concerning the Receivables (or any portion thereof) or of its 
principal executive office. The Issuer and the Master Servicer will at all 
times maintain each office from which it services Receivables and its 
principal executive offices within the United States of America.

     SECTION 13.03. Limitation on Rights of Series 2010-1 Noteholders. No 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder shall have any right by virtue of any provisions 
of this Agreement to file or otherwise institute any suit, action or 
proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this 
Agreement or the Supplement, unless such Series 2010-1 Noteholder, and 
unless the Control Party if affected thereby (which, if such action, suit 
or proceeding relates to this Agreement, shall be deemed to affect the 
Control Party) shall have made, a written request to the Trustee to 
institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee 
hereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such reasonable indemnity 
as it may require against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be 
incurred therein or thereby, and the Trustee, for 30 days after such 
request and offer of indemnity, shall have failed to file or otherwise 
refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; it being 
understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted, by each Series 
2010-1 Noteholder with every other Series 2010-1 Noteholder and the 
Trustee, that no one or more Series 2010-1 Noteholders shall have any right 
in any manner whatever by virtue or by availing itself or themselves of any 
provisions of this Agreement or the Supplement to affect, disturb or 
prejudice the rights of the holders of any of the Series 2010-1 Notes, or 
to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any such Series 
2010-1 Noteholder, or to enforce any right under this Agreement or the 
Supplement, except in the manner herein and therein provided and for the 
equal, ratable and common benefit of all Series 2010-1 Noteholders affected 
thereby. For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this 
Section 13.03, each and every Series 2010-1 Noteholder and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in 
equity.

     SECTION 13.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of 
Process.

     (a) Governing Law. THOSE TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND PROVISIONS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT RELATING TO THE ATTACHMENT, PERFECTION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE 
LIENS AND SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE TRUST ASSETS GRANTED BY THE ISSUER IN 
FAVOR OF THE TRUSTEE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS (AS OPPOSED TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS) OF 
THE STATE OF GEORGIA. ALL OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS 
(INCLUDING

108

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAWS BUT OTHERWISE WITHOUT REGARD 
TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

     (b) Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto and to the Supplement 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the nonexclusive 
jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting in the borough of 
Manhattan or Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the 
Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in 
any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and 
each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees 
that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard 
and determined in such New York State court sitting in the borough of 
Manhattan or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court sitting 
in the Southern District of New York. Each of the parties hereto and to the 
Supplement agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding 
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on 
the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

     (c) Consent to Service of Process. Each party to this Agreement and to 
the Supplement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner 
provided for notices in Section 13.05. Nothing in this Agreement will 
affect the right of any party to this Agreement or to any Supplement to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

     SECTION 13.05. Notices; Payments.

     (a) All demands, notices, instructions, directions, requests, 
authorizations and communications (collectively, Notices) under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
(x) upon delivery, if personally delivered, (y) three Business Days after 
being deposited in the mails, postage paid, if mailed by registered mail, 
return receipt requested, or (z) one Business Day after being sent for next 
Business Day delivery by national overnight courier service, in each case, 
to (i) in the case of the Issuer, 191 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 3300, 
Atlanta, GA 30303, Attention: President, (ii) in the case of the Master 
Servicer (if the Master Servicer is the Initial Master Servicer), PFSC 
Financial Servicing Company, 2121 SW Broadway, #200, Portland, OR 97201, 
Attention: President, (iii) in the case of the Collateral Trustee, the 
Paying Agent, the Note Registrar and the Transfer Agent, Wilmington Trust 
Company, 1100 N. Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890, Attn: Corporate 
Capital Markets, and (iv) in the case of the Trustee, 1100 N. Market 
Street, Wilmington, DE 19890, Attn: Corporate Capital Markets, with a copy 
to the Collateral Trustee at its address set forth in (iii) above; or, as 
to each party, such other address as shall be designated by such party in a 
written notice to each other party. If the Master Servicer is not the 
Initial Master Servicer, notices shall be given to the Master Servicer at 
the address designated by it to the Initial Master Servicer.

     (b) Any Notice required or permitted to be mailed to a Series 2010-1 
Noteholder shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid or overnight 
delivery at the address of such Series 2010-1 Noteholder as shown in the 
Note Register. Notice so mailed within the time prescribed in this 
Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether 
or not the Series 2010-1 Noteholder receives such notice.

109

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 13.06. Assignment of the Issuer Purchase Agreement; 
Substitution Under the Powers of Attorney.

     (a) In addition to and without limitation of any security interest 
granted by the Issuer to the Trustee in any Series Trust Assets, in order 
to secure, equally and ratably, and without prejudice, priority and 
distinction, the payment of the Issuers obligations to the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders hereunder and pursuant to the Supplement, the Issuer hereby 
grants to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, a 
security interest in all of the Issuers right and title to and interest in 
the Issuer Purchase Agreement. In addition, at any time and without 
limitation of the rights of the Trustee set forth in Section 9.02, the 
Trustee shall have the right to exercise and enforce, or to direct the 
Issuer to exercise and enforce, for the benefit of the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders (or any of them), the Issuers rights and remedies under the 
Issuer Purchase Agreement (including, without limitation, the right to give 
or withhold any and all consents, requests, notices, directions, approvals, 
demands, extensions or waivers under or with respect to such agreements), 
upon the failure of the Issuer to do so, but in no event shall there be any 
obligation on the part of the Trustee, any Series 2010-1 Noteholder or any 
of their respective Affiliates to perform any of the obligations of the 
Issuer under any such agreement. The Trustee shall enforce or refrain from 
enforcing any of the Issuers rights and remedies under such agreements to 
the extent so instructed by the Control Party.

     (b) The Issuer also hereby substitutes the Trustee in place of the 
Issuer under any and all Powers of Attorney in accordance with the power of 
substitution provided in each of the Powers of Attorney whereupon the 
Trustee shall have all of the Issuers rights, title, interests and powers 
under each such Power of Attorney.

     (c) The grant to the Trustee of any security interest pursuant to this 
Section 13.06 shall terminate upon the satisfaction and discharge of this 
Indenture in accordance with Section 12.01.

     SECTION 13.07. Severability of Provisions. If any one or more of the 
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall for any 
reason whatsoever be held to be invalid, then such covenants, agreements, 
provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, 
agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way 
affect the validity or enforceability of the other covenants, agreements, 
provisions or terms of this Agreement or of the Series 2010-1 Notes or 
rights of the Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

     SECTION 13.08. Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein or in the Supplement, (i) this Agreement may not be 
assigned by the Issuer and (ii) except as provided in Section 8.02, this 
Agreement may not be assigned by the Master Servicer without the prior 
written consent of the Control Party.

     SECTION 13.09. Further Assurances. The Issuer agrees to do and 
perform, from time to time, any and all acts and to execute any and all 
further instruments and documents required or reasonably requested by the 
Trustee at the direction of the Control Party more fully to effect the 
purposes of this Agreement (including without limitation Section 13.06 
hereof) or the Supplement, including, without limitation, the perfection of 
all security interests granted hereby, including the execution of any 
financing statements or continuation statements relating to the

110

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Receivables (or any portion thereof) for filing under the provisions of the 
UCC of any applicable jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, the Issuer hereby irrevocably grants to the Trustee an 
irrevocable power of attorney, with full power of substitution, coupled 
with an interest, to take such action, and/or to sign and file in the name 
of the Issuer, or in its own name, such documents, agreements, instruments 
and financing statements and amendments thereto, in any case as the Control 
Party deem(s) necessary to accomplish the purposes set forth in the 
preceding paragraph.

     SECTION 13.10. Nonpetition Covenant. Notwithstanding any prior 
termination of this Agreement, the Master Servicer, the Collateral Trustee, 
the Trustee, the Issuer and by its acceptance of a Series 2010-1 Note each 
Series 2010-1 Noteholder hereby agrees that it shall not, prior to the date 
which is two years and one day after the satisfaction and discharge of this 
Agreement, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer or 
the Seller to invoke the process of any Governmental Authority for the 
purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer or the Seller 
under any Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, 
sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or the Seller or any 
substantial part of its property or ordering the winding-up or liquidation 
of the affairs of the Issuer or the Seller.

     SECTION 13.11. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise 
and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Person, any right, remedy, 
power or privilege hereunder or under the Supplement shall operate as a 
waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, 
remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement or under the Supplement 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and 
privileges provided herein or in the Supplement are cumulative and not 
exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

     SECTION 13.12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or 
more counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each 
of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument.

     SECTION 13.13. Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement will inure to 
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except 
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no other person will have any 
right or obligation hereunder.

     SECTION 13.14. Actions by Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

     (a) Wherever in this Agreement a provision is made that an action may 
be taken or a Notice given by Series 2010-1 Noteholders, such action or 
Notice may be taken or given by any Series 2010-1 Noteholder, unless such 
provision requires a specific percentage of Series 2010-1 Noteholders.

     (b) Any Notice, consent, waiver or other act by the Holder of a Series 
2010-1 Note shall bind such Holder and every subsequent Holder of such 
Series 2010-1 Note and of any Series 2010-1 Note issued upon the 
registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof 
in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by the Trustee or the 
Master

111

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Servicer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is 
made upon such Series 2010-1 Note.

     SECTION 13.15. Merger and Integration. Except as specifically stated 
otherwise herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the 
parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all prior 
understandings, written or oral, are superseded by this Agreement. This 
Agreement may not be modified, amended, waived or supplemented except as 
provided herein.

     SECTION 13.16. Headings. The headings herein are for purposes of 
reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation 
of any provision hereof.

     SECTION 13.17. Tax and Usury Treatment. The Issuer, the Initial Master 
Servicer, the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee have entered into this 
Agreement, and the Series 2010-1 Notes will be issued to and acquired by 
the Series 2010-1 Noteholders, with the intention that, for federal, state 
and local income and franchise tax and usury law purposes, the Series 
2010-1 Notes be treated as debt of the Issuer secured by the Trust Assets, 
and the Issuer will not be treated as an association (or publicly traded 
partnership) taxable as a corporation. The Issuer, the Initial Master 
Servicer, the Collateral Trustee and the Trustee, by entering into this 
Agreement, and each Series 2010-1 Noteholder, by the acceptance of its 
Series 2010-1 Note, agree to treat and report the Series 2010-1 Notes as 
debt for federal, state and local income and franchise tax and usury law 
purposes, unless and until required to do otherwise by a relevant taxing or 
judicial authority. The Issuer shall not elect (or cause or permit an 
election to be made) to be taxed for federal income tax purposes as a 
corporation or an association taxable as a corporation.

     SECTION 13.18. Liability of the Issuer. Notwithstanding any provision 
to the contrary in this Agreement or the Supplement, indemnification 
payments and other amounts described herein as payable by the Issuer 
hereunder (including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant to 
Section 7.03) shall be payable only from Available Issuer Funds (and, as a 
result, may be payable from any allocable Trust Asset only if, to the 
extent that, and after such Trust Asset shall have been distributed to the 
Issuer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Supplement 
hereto). Unless and until sufficient Available Issuer Funds become 
available to pay any such amount in accordance with the immediately 
preceding sentence, such indemnification payments and other amounts shall 
not be due and payable until a year and a day after the Maturity Date for 
the Series 2010-1 Notes.

     SECTION 13.19. Offers to Purchase Series 2010-1 Notes. The Issuer 
shall not, and shall cause all of its Affiliates not to, make any offers to 
purchase the Series 2010-1 Notes from any Series 2010-1 Noteholder without 
making the same offer to all Series 2010-1 Noteholders on a pro rata basis.


ARTICLE XIV
THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE

     SECTION 14.01. Duties of Collateral Trustee.

     (a) The Issuer hereby appoints, and the Collateral Trustee hereby 
undertakes, to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically 
set forth in this Agreement and each

112

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

other Operative Document to which it is a party, and no implied duties 
shall be read against the Collateral Trustee. The Collateral Trustee shall 
have no fiduciary obligation to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders or the 
Trustee. However, the Series 2010-1 Noteholders and the Trustee are 
beneficiaries of the obligations of the Collateral Trustee hereunder, and 
the Trustee shall have the right to enforce the obligations of the 
Collateral Trustee specifically set forth herein and in each other 
Operative Document to which it is a party directly against the Collateral 
Trustee.

     Other than as provided herein or in any other Operative Document, 
neither the Collateral Trustee nor any of its directors, officers, agents 
or employees shall be liable for any action or omission to act hereunder or 
under any other Operative Document except for its or their own negligence 
or lack of good faith or willful misconduct. Anything in this Agreement to 
the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the Collateral Trustee be 
liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind 
whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the 
Collateral Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or 
damage.

     (b) The Collateral Trustee, upon receipt of all resolutions, 
certificates, statements, opinions, reports, documents, orders or other 
instruments furnished to the Collateral Trustee which are specifically 
required to be furnished pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any 
other Operative Document, shall examine them to determine whether they 
substantially conform on their face to the requirements of this Agreement 
or such other Operative Document (without any duty of inquiry or 
investigation as to the facts stated therein). The Collateral Trustee shall 
give prompt written notice to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders of any lack of 
conformity discovered by the Collateral Trustee of any such instrument to 
the applicable requirements of this Agreement or such other Operative 
Document.

     (c) Subject to Section 14.01(a), no provision of this Agreement shall 
be construed to relieve the Collateral Trustee from liability for its own 
negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful 
misconduct; provided, however, that:

          (i) the Collateral Trustee shall not be personally liable for an 
error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or 
Responsible Officers of the Collateral Trustee, unless it shall be proved 
that the Collateral Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent 
facts; and

          (ii) the Collateral Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge 
of any Event of Default, any Series Event of Default or any Servicer 
Default unless in any case a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Trustee 
obtains actual knowledge of such failure or a Responsible Officer of the 
Collateral Trustee receives written notice of such failure.

     (d) The Collateral Trustee shall not be required to expend or risk its 
own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any 
of its duties hereunder or under any other Operative Document or in the 
exercise of any of its rights or powers, if there is reasonable ground for 
believing that the repayment of such funds and/or adequate indemnity (and, 
to the extent requested by the Collateral Trustee, advancement of funds) 
against such risk or liability is not assured to it, and none of the 
provisions contained in this Agreement shall in any event require the 
Collateral Trustee to perform, or be responsible for the manner of 
performance of, any obligations of the Master Servicer under this Agreement 
or the Supplement.

113

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (e) Except for actions expressly authorized by this Agreement or the 
Supplement, the Collateral Trustee shall take no action reasonably likely 
to impair the interests of the Collateral Trustee or the Series 2010-1 
Noteholders in any Trust Asset now existing or hereafter created or the 
value of any Trust Asset now existing or hereafter created.

     (f) In the event that the Paying Agent, the Authenticating Agent or 
the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent (in each case, if other than the 
Collateral Trustee) shall fail to perform any obligation, duty or agreement 
in the manner or on the day required to be performed by the Paying Agent, 
the Authenticating Agent or the Note Registrar and Transfer Agent, as the 
case may be, under this Agreement or under the Supplement, the Collateral 
Trustee shall be obligated, promptly upon the obtaining of actual knowledge 
thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Trustee, to perform such 
obligation, duty or agreement in the manner so required.

     (g) The Collateral Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability 
for investment losses on Eligible Investments.

     (h) The Collateral Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or 
reinvest any cash held in the Series Collection Account, the Series Reserve 
Account or any other account established pursuant to the Supplement hereto 
in the absence of timely and specific written investment direction from the 
Issuer. In no event shall the Collateral Trustee be liable for the 
selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon. The 
Collateral Trustee shall have no liability in respect of losses incurred as 
a result of the liquidation of any investment prior to its stated maturity 
or the failure of the Issuer to provide timely written investment 
direction.

     (i) The Collateral Trustee hereby agrees to comply with the written 
instructions of the Control Party in the exercise of the Collateral 
Trustees rights and obligations under the Back-up Servicing Agreement, 
including, without limitation, any decision to (i) waive any Back-up 
Servicer Default or other default by the Back-up Servicer thereunder or to 
terminate the Back-up Servicing Agreement with respect to the applicable 
Series upon any such occurrence, (ii) request the delivery of any 
Settlement Package or Annuity Package to the Collateral Trustee (copies of 
which documents shall, at the request of the Control Party, be delivered by 
the Collateral Trustee to the Control Party) or (iii) request access to the 
facilities and record-keeping systems of the Back-up Servicer in order to 
perform an audit of the Back-up Servicer (which audit shall be conducted by 
the employees or agents of the Control Party); provided, that the 
Collateral Trustee may in its own discretion seek reimbursement under the 
Back-up Servicing Agreement for any indemnities or expenses owed to the 
Collateral Trustee pursuant to the terms thereof.

     SECTION 14.02. Certain Matters Affecting the Collateral Trustee. 
Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.01:

     (a) the Collateral Trustee may conclusively rely on and shall be fully 
protected in acting on, or in refraining from acting in accord with, any 
resolution, Officers Certificate, certificate of auditors or any other 
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
consent, order, appraisal, bond or other paper or document believed by it 
to be genuine and to have been signed or presented to it pursuant to this 
Agreement or any other Operative Document by the proper party or parties; 
provided, however, that the Collateral Trustee may not

114

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

so rely and shall not be so protected in the event that it has been 
negligent in ignoring relevant facts of which it has actual knowledge or in 
ascertaining the relevant facts pursuant to Section 14.02(d);

     (b) the Collateral Trustee may consult with counsel and any advice or 
opinion of counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection 
in respect of any action taken or suffered or omitted by it hereunder or 
under any other Operative Document in good faith and in accordance with 
such advice or opinion of counsel;

     (c) any reference in this Agreement or the Supplement to the knowledge 
of the Collateral Trustee with regard to any matter shall be construed to 
mean the actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Collateral 
Trustees corporate trust department with respect to such matter;

     (d) the Collateral Trustee shall not be bound to make any 
investigation into the facts of matters stated in any resolution, 
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
consent, order, appraisal, approval, bond or other paper or document 
presented to it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Operative Document, 
unless requested in writing so to do by the Issuer or the Control Party;

     (e) the Collateral Trustee may execute any of its powers or perform 
any of its duties hereunder or under any other Operative Document either 
directly or by or through agents, attorneys, nominees or custodians, and 
the Collateral Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or 
negligence on the part of any such agent (including, without limitation, 
the Master Servicer, the Back-up Servicer or any Successor Servicer), 
attorney, nominee or custodian appointed with due care by it;

     (f) except as may be required by Section 14.01(b), the Collateral 
Trustee shall not be required to make any initial or periodic examination 
of any documents or records related to the Receivables or the Issuer for 
the purpose of establishing the presence or absence of defects, the 
compliance by the Issuer with its representations and warranties or for any 
other purpose;

     (g) nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the 
Collateral Trustee to monitor the performance of any other party hereto or 
to the Back-up Servicing Agreement, including without limitation, the 
Master Servicer and the Back-up Servicer or act as a guarantor of the 
Master Servicers or the Back-up Servicers performance;

     (h) the Collateral Trustee in its individual capacity or otherwise may 
engage in any business, lending or other transactions or activities in the 
ordinary course of its business with any of the Affiliated Entities, and 
shall be entitled to exercise all of its rights, powers and remedies in 
connection therewith to the same extent as if the Collateral Trustee were 
not acting as the Collateral Trustee hereunder and without any duty to 
account to the Series 2010-1 Noteholders therefor;

     (i) in the event that any information transmitted electronically, 
including without limitation, through the use of electronic mail or 
internet or intranet web sites, by the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this 
Agreement, is untimely, inaccurate or incomplete, to the extent that such 
untimeliness, inaccuracy or incompleteness results from systems, software 
or hardware that are

115

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

not owned, leased by or licensed to the Collateral Trustee, the parties 
hereto acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Trustee shall have no 
liability hereunder in connection with such information transmitted 
electronically. The parties hereto further acknowledge that any systems, 
software or hardware utilized in posting or retrieving any such information 
is utilized on an as is basis without representation or warranty as to 
the intended uses of such systems, software or hardware;

     (j) the Collateral Trustee will not be responsible for any failure to 
perform any of its obligations hereunder or under any other Operative 
Document (nor will it be responsible for any unavailability of funds 
credited to any account) if such performance is prevented, hindered or 
delayed by a Force Majeure Event; and

     (k) whenever the Collateral Trustee is unable to decide between 
alternative courses of action permitted or required by the terms of this 
Agreement, or in the event that the Collateral Trustee is unsure as to the 
application of any provision of this Agreement or any such provision is 
ambiguous as to its application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with 
any other applicable provision, or in the event that this Agreement permits 
any determination by the Collateral Trustee or is silent or is incomplete 
as to the course of action that the Collateral Trustee is required to take 
with respect to a particular set of facts, the Collateral Trustee may give 
written notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the 
circumstances) to the Control Party requesting instruction as to the course 
of action to be adopted, and to the extent the Collateral Trustee acts in 
good faith in accordance with any written instruction of the Control Party 
received, the Collateral Trustee shall not be liable on account of such 
action to any Person. If the Collateral Trustee shall not have received 
appropriate instruction within ten (10) days of such notice (or within such 
shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such written 
notice or may be necessary under the circumstances), or shall have received 
inconsistent or conflicting instructions from the Control Party (in which 
case it shall have so notified the Control Party in writing), it may, but 
shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action, not 
inconsistent with this Agreement, as it shall deem to be in the best 
interests of the Control Party and shall have no liability to any Person 
for such action or inaction.

     SECTION 14.03. Collateral Trustee Not Liable for Recitals in Series 
2010-1 Notes. The Collateral Trustee assumes no responsibility for the 
correctness of the recitals contained herein, in the Supplement and/or in 
the Series 2010-1 Notes (other than the certificate of authentication on 
the Series 2010-1 Notes). Except as set forth in Section 14.10, the 
Collateral Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or 
sufficiency of this Agreement or of any Receivable or related document. The 
Collateral Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by 
the Issuer of any of the Series 2010-1 Notes, or for the use or application 
of any proceeds of the Series 2010-1 Notes paid to the Issuer in respect of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes, the Receivables or deposited in or withdrawn from 
any Settlement Lock-Box Account, Annuity Lock-Box Account, the Master 
Collection Account, the Series Collection Account, the Series Payment 
Account, the Series Reserve Account, the Issuers Account, the Trustees 
Account or any other account hereafter established to effectuate the 
transactions contemplated by and in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement and the Supplement. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Collateral Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability 
for the content or adequacy of any private placement memorandum or any 
other offering document.

116

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 14.04. Compensation; Collateral Trustees Expenses; 
Indemnification.

     (a) As full compensation for its services hereunder, the Collateral 
Trustee shall be entitled to receive, solely out of Collections of Trust 
Assets and, to the extent provided in the Supplement, and subject to the 
priority of payments set forth in the Supplement, the fees separately 
agreed between the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee by separate letter 
agreements or in the Supplement.

     (b) Expenses; Indemnification. The Issuer will pay or reimburse the 
Collateral Trustee upon its request for, and will, within thirty (30) days 
of demand and submission of evidence of such expenses or other liabilities, 
indemnify and hold the Collateral Trustee and its officers, directors, 
employees and agents harmless against, all reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses (including fees and expenses of legal counsel), disbursements, 
costs, demands, claims, and liabilities incurred or made by or against the 
Collateral Trustee in respect of such Series in accordance with any of the 
provisions of this Agreement or any other Operative Document or in 
connection with any amendment hereto or thereto or by reason of its 
participation in the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby 
(including, in all such cases, the reasonable fees and expenses of its 
agents, any co-Collateral Trustee and counsel), except any such expense, 
disbursement or liability as may arise from the Collateral Trustees own 
gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith and except as provided in 
the following sentence. The terms of this Section 14.04 shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement or the earlier resignation or removal of the 
Collateral Trustee. If the Collateral Trustee is named as a defendant in 
any litigation or other proceedings in respect of which the Issuer would 
have indemnification obligations hereunder, the Collateral Trustee shall 
promptly notify the Issuer of the same and afford it an opportunity to 
participate in, and (at its expense) direct the conduct of, any such 
proceedings. No settlement of any such proceedings shall be agreed by the 
Collateral Trustee without the consent (which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld) of the Issuer.

     SECTION 14.05. Eligibility Requirements for Collateral Trustee. The 
Collateral Trustee hereunder shall at all times be an Eligible Institution. 
If such corporation publishes reports of condition at least annually, 
pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or 
examining authority, then, for the purpose of this Section 14.05, the 
combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its 
combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of 
condition so published. In case at any time the Collateral Trustee shall 
cease to be an Eligible Institution in accordance with the provisions of 
this Section 14.05, the Collateral Trustee shall resign immediately in the 
manner and with the effect specified in Section 14.06.

     SECTION 14.06. Resignation or Removal of Collateral Trustee.

     (a) The Collateral Trustee may at any time resign from its duties 
hereunder by giving prior written notice thereof to the Issuer, the Series 
2010-1 Noteholders, the Master Servicer and the Trustee. Upon receiving 
such notice of resignation, the Trustee shall, at the direction of the 
Control Party, promptly appoint a successor Collateral Trustee acceptable 
to the Control Party by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which 
instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Collateral Trustee and one 
copy to the successor Collateral Trustee. If no successor Collateral 
Trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 
thirty (30) days after

117

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the giving of such notice of resignation, the Control Party may appoint a 
successor Collateral Trustee, and if no such successor Collateral Trustee 
shall have been appointed within sixty (60) days of the giving of notice of 
such resignation, the resigning Collateral Trustee may petition any court 
of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral 
Trustee.

     (b) If at any time the Collateral Trustee shall cease to be an 
Eligible Institution in accordance with Section 14.05 hereof and shall fail 
to resign after written request therefor by the Master Servicer, the Issuer 
or the Control Party, or if at any time the Collateral Trustee shall be 
legally unable to act, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or if 
a receiver or a Collateral Trustee for it or for its property shall be 
appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the 
Collateral Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of 
rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then the Trustee shall, at the 
direction of the Control Party, remove the Collateral Trustee and promptly 
appoint a successor Collateral Trustee acceptable to the Control Party by 
written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be 
delivered to the Collateral Trustee so removed and one copy to the 
successor Collateral Trustee.

     (c) Any resignation or removal of the Collateral Trustee and 
appointment of a successor Collateral Trustee pursuant to any of the 
provisions of this Section 14.06 shall not become effective until 
acceptance of appointment by the successor Collateral Trustee as provided 
in Section 14.07 hereof.

     SECTION 14.07. Successor Collateral Trustee.

     (a) Any successor Collateral Trustee appointed as provided in Section 
14.06 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Issuer, to the Master 
Servicer and to its predecessor Collateral Trustee an instrument accepting 
such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the 
predecessor Collateral Trustee shall become effective and such successor 
Collateral Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall 
become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of 
its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as 
Collateral Trustee herein. The predecessor Collateral Trustee shall deliver 
to the successor Collateral Trustee all documents or copies thereof and 
statements held by it hereunder; and the Issuer and the predecessor 
Collateral Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such 
other things as may reasonably be required for fully and certainly vesting 
and confirming in the successor Collateral Trustee all such rights, powers, 
duties and obligations.

     (b) No successor Collateral Trustee shall accept appointment as 
provided in this Section 14.07 unless at the time of such acceptance such 
successor Collateral Trustee shall be an Eligible Institution in accordance 
with Section 14.05 hereof.

     (c) Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Collateral Trustee 
as provided in this Section 14.07, such successor Collateral Trustee shall 
mail notice of such succession hereunder to the Trustee and all Series 
2010-1 Noteholders.

     SECTION 14.08. Merger or Consolidation of Collateral Trustee. Any 
Person into which the Collateral Trustee may be merged or converted or with 
which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, 
conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral

118

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Trustee shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially 
all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Trustee, shall be the 
successor of the Collateral Trustee hereunder, provided such Person shall 
be an Eligible Institution in accordance with Section 14.05, without the 
execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of 
the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

     SECTION 14.09. Tax Returns. The Issuer, based on the information 
provided to it by the Master Servicer in accordance with the Supplement 
shall prepare or shall cause to be prepared all tax information required by 
law to be distributed to Series 2010-1 Noteholders and shall deliver such 
information to the Collateral Trustee at least twenty (20) Business Days 
prior to the date it is required by law to be distributed to such Series 
2010-1 Noteholders. The Collateral Trustee, upon written request, will 
furnish the Issuer with all such information known to the Collateral 
Trustee as may be reasonably required in connection with the preparation of 
all tax returns of the Issuer.

     SECTION 14.10. Representations and Warranties of Collateral Trustee. 
The Collateral Trustee represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as 
of the Closing Date that:

     (a) the Collateral Trustee is duly organized and validly existing as a 
banking corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware;

     (b) the Collateral Trustee has full power, authority and right to 
execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and has taken all necessary 
action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this 
Agreement and each other Operative Document to which it is a party; and

     (c) each of this Agreement and each other Operative Document to which 
it is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Collateral 
Trustee and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the 
Collateral Trustee enforceable against it in accordance with its terms 
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors 
rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited by 
general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in 
equity).

     SECTION 14.11. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Collateral Trustee 
will maintain at its expense in Wilmington, Delaware, an office or agency 
(the Collateral Trustee Office) where notices and demands to or upon the 
Collateral Trustee in respect of the Series 2010-1 Notes and this Agreement 
may be served. The Collateral Trustee initially designates 1100 North 
Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890, Attention: Corporate Capital Markets, 
as such office. The Collateral Trustee will give prompt written notice to 
the Trustee, the Master Servicer and to all Series 2010-1 Noteholders of 
any change in the location of the Note Register or the Collateral Trustee 
Office.

     SECTION 14.12. Collateral Trustee May Own Series 2010-1 Notes. The 
Collateral Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the 
Holder or beneficial owner of any Series 2010-1 Note with the same rights 
as it would have if it were not the Collateral Trustee hereunder.

119

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to 
be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first 
above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	 IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS FINANCING 2010, LLC, as the Issuer
  	 
  	By:   	 Washington Square Financial, LLC, as its Sole Member   	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	Imperial Holdings, LLC, as its Sole Member   	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Jonathan Neuman 	 
  	  	Name:   	Jonathan Neuman 	 
  	  	Title:   	President 	 
 
  	 PORTFOLIO FINANCIAL SERVICING COMPANY, as the Initial Master Servicer
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ John Enyert 	 
  	  	Name:   	John Enyert 	 
  	  	Title:   	President 	 
 
  	 WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not individually but solely in its capacity 
as Trustee
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ J. Christopher Murphy 	 
  	  	Name:   	J. Christopher Murphy 	 
  	  	Title:   	Financial Services Officer 	 
 
  	 WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely in 
its capacity as Collateral Trustee, and, solely for the purposes of Section 
4.03(a), in its capacity as Securities Intermediary
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ J. Christopher Murphy 	 
  	  	Name:   	J. Christopher Murphy 	 
  	  	Title:   	Financial Services Officer 	 

120

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE I

Credit Policy Manual

See Attached

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


IMPERIAL STRUCTURED SETTLEMENTS
PROCEDURES MAMMAL

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Table of Contents
  	  	  	  	 
     Structured Settlement Procedures Guide
  	  	  	 
     List of Forms:
  	  	  	 
       Lead Intro Letter
  	  	  	 
       Customer Intro Letter
  	  	  	 
       Customer Follow up Letter
  	  	  	 
       Closing Submission Form
  	  	  	 
       Quote Sheet
  	  	  	 
       Court Order Application
  	  	  	 
       Disclosures
  	  	  	 
       Contract Cover Letter
  	  	  	 
       Contract
  	  	  	 
       BIA (Best Interest Affidavit)
  	  	  	 
       Declaration
  	  	  	 
       Authorization to Deduct
  	  	  	 
       MOP (Method of Payment)
  	  	  	 
       Acknowledgement Legal Expense
  	  	  	 
       COB (Change of Beneficiary)
  	  	  	 
       RFB (Request for Beneficiary)
  	  	  	 
       AC Affidavit
  	  	  	 
       RS Affidavit
  	  	  	 
       Email Address
  	  	  	 
       IPA Statement
  	  	  	 
       Sworn Statement of Dependents
  	  	  	 
       Authorization to Release Information
  	  	  	 
       Funding CO Notice
  	  	  	 
       Funding Payee Letter
  	  	  	 
       NY Affidavit
  	  	  	 
       Pre-Notice
  	  	  	 
       Annuity Contract
  	  	  	 
       Release & Settlement Agreement
  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Section 1

1. 	  	DUE DILIGENCE FOR PURCHASES
 
  	  	The due diligence undertaken in the structured settlement acquisition 
area is designed to ensure that the quality of our originations meets 
investment grade standards.
 
  	  	Our due diligence protocols are based on qualification criteria in 
three general areas: Customer Eligibility, Transaction Size/Characteristics 
and Obligor Creditworthiness.

  	A. 	  	Customer Eligibility
 
  	  	  	Each Customer will be required to meet certain criteria in order 
to enter into a transaction with Imperial. Several factors are taken into 
consideration to determine the eligibility to transact with each 
prospective Customer:

  	i. 	  	Capacity to Contract:
 
  	  	  	No transactions will be conducted with individuals who have not 
attained the age of majority (generally 18 years but several states require 
21) nor with any person who has been adjudged incompetent absent a court 
order permitting the transaction. In the case of individuals who have 
suffered from a head injury, heightened scrutiny is to be applied and legal 
department approval is required to proceed,
 
  	ii. 	  	Income, Employability & Physical Disabilities:
 
  	  	  	Customers having household incomes of less than $10,000/year are 
subject to limitations in the sale of their structured settlement payments.
 
  	  	  	If a Customer is earning less than $10,000 per year or is 
physically disabled and unable to work, or is unemployable and his/her 
primary source of income consists of his/her structured settlement 
payments, Imperial will purchase no more than 50% of the periodic payments. 
Exceptions may be made if the Customer can satisfactorily prove that he is 
able to meet his daily living expenses and medical bills from other sources 
of income or that the Customer is likely to become employed in the near 
future. (Other sources of income include spouses income or household 
income, investments, social security, or other forms of disability 
insurance and income, including non-assigned annuity payments).
 
  	  	  	Guidelines for evaluating income and financial condition of 
Customer for Customer Eligibility purposes:
 
  	  	  	If Customer or Spouse is employed and earning in excess of $10,000 
per year combined there are no restrictions on the amount of payments which 
may be purchased provided Customer satisfies A (i) above;
 
  	  	  	If the Customer is permanently disabled, unemployed or 
unemployable and the settlement payments are the primary source of income 
of the Customer, Imperial will not generally purchase more than 50% of the 
future periodic payments (monthly, annually, etc.).

  	  	  	Guidelines for evaluating a waiver of the SS1 Omit on the purchase 
of payments from disabled or unemployable individuals;
 
  	  	  	Various factors will be considered when evaluating a request for 
waiver of the 50% limit. These include:
 
  	(1) 	  	Combined family income of Customer inclusive of unsold portion 
of settlement;

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(2) 	  	Proposed use of funds;
 
  	(3) 	  	Customers other assets (i.e. home, business, etc.)
 
  	(4) 	  	Customers income greater than $10,000;
 
  	(5) 	  	Future income prospects;
 
  	(6) 	  	Type, nature, extent and circumstances of disability;
 
  	(7) 	  	Other factors which demonstrate ability of Customer to provide 
for himself financially without the settlement payments;
 
  	(8) 	  	Whether payments are earmarked for medical expenses.

  	  	  	Imperial does not wish to be a party to a transaction where a 
Customer is unlikely to be able to care for themselves financially.

  	B. 	  	Other Factors

  	I. 	  	Maximum Discount Rates
 
  	  	  	In most circumstances Imperial will not enter into transactions 
with Customers where the discount rate as to the Customer would exceed 25% 
per annum (compounded monthly) at the time of the initial quote. 
Notwithstanding this maximum, we have adopted a 20% max. subject to some 
exceptions while we determine the legal process involved in many states 
transfer protocols. For Florida, Virginia and Washington customers the max 
rate is 25% per annum. In Nebraska the max rate is 16%.
 
  	  	  	Liens
 
  	  	  	Imperial will satisfy outstanding liens which could attach to the 
Customers settlement payments, including but not limited to federal and 
state tax liens. In the interest of public policy, Imperial requires that 
all child support and spousal support arrears are satisfied prior to or 
simultaneous with, funding irrespective of whether these claims actually 
constitute valid claims against the settlement payments.

  	  	  	We are conducting UCC searches using Westlaw. If we have a hit on 
a search be aware of the following:
 
  	  	  	UCC-1 financing statements expire after 5 years.
 
  	  	  	If the secured party is a company in the structured settlement 
business (i.e. Stone Street, JGW, Settlement Capital, Singer, Encore) we 
will hold off on further processing until we determine if we can proceed. 
In all other cases we will either continue to process the transaction 
without delay (i.e. transmit to outside counsel) while we wait for the UCC 
statement itself to be pulled and delivered to us for further review or, 
based on discretion of processing staff hold the transaction pending review 
of the liens. We will then determine if the lien attaches to the structured 
settlement payments and if so how to get it discharged or released. We are 
proceeding in this manner because it is highly likely that the filing does 
not cover the structured settlement payments.

  	iii. 	  	Bankruptcy Filings:
 
  	  	  	No periodic payments will be purchased in cases where there is a 
high probability that the Customer will file for bankruptcy within 90 days 
or where the Customer is presently the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding 
absent a court order from the bankruptcy court approving the transaction.
 
  	  	  	We are using Westlaw for bankruptcy and lien searches. Use 
Bankruptcy and Lien

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Evaluation Form for this purpose

  	C. 	  	Transaction Size/Characteristics
 
  	  	  	Acquisition of Largesn
 
  	  	  	Acquisition of large lump sums are to be reviewed by the SVP. 
Heightened scrutiny is placed on transactions where Customers seek to sell 
large lump sum payments and particularly those where the lump sum is in 
excess of $100,000.
 
  	  	  	Large Funding Amount:
 
  	  	  	Funding amounts greater than $250,000.00 will require the SVP to 
obtain a second approval, (i.e. an officer of Imperial), and are also 
subject to heightened scrutiny.
 
  	  	  	Maximum Duration of Payments:
 
  	  	  	Payments must be due within 20 years of the date of purchase. 
While it is possible to include payments beyond 20 years if necessary, they 
are ineligible for financing and will count as a zero for financial 
purposes. Notwithstanding this it is sometimes necessary to structure 
transactions in this fashion to accommodate the circumstances of the 
Customer and/or for administrative convenience.

  	D. 	  	Review Cases and Approvals
 
  	  	  	Imperials policies will exclude some Customers. Some Customers 
may be eligible subject to further review (Review Cases). The following 
constitute Review Cases.
 
  	  	  	Review Cases:

  	 	  	Customers whose disability renders them unemployable but there is 
some other source of income or other exigent circumstance, as determined by 
the SVP;
 
  	 	  	Customers with significant ongoing medical expenses;
 
  	 	  	Customers whose income combined with that of spouse but exclusive 
of the settlement payments being sold are less than $10,000/year;
 
  	 	  	Gases where the funding amount is in excess of $250,000.00; or 
Cases where the Customer seeks to assign a lump sum payment in excess of 
$100,000.

  	  	  	Approvals:
 
  	  	  	SVP may approve the following:

  	 	  	Eligible structured settlement claims (i.e., not Review Cases) up 
to a funding amount of $250,000;
 
  	 	  	Review Cases where the funding amount is not more than $100,000; 
and

  	E. 	  	Obligor Creditworthiness
 
  	  	  	Imperial will determine the identity of the Structured Settlement 
Obligor (SSO) (i.e. the party responsible to make the settlement 
payments) and the Annuity Issuer (AP) (i.e. the party actually making the 
payments to the Customer). This is accomplished through a review of the 
Release and Settlement Agreement (R&S), the Annuity Contact (AC), and, 
where available, the Qualified Assignment (QA). Imperial will then verify 
that the SSOs and/or the Als financial strength rating meets the criteria 
established by Imperials financing counter party.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Where the Obligor is an un-rated subsidiary (a Captive Sub) of a 
rated parent company, the rating of the parent shall be assumed as the 
rating for the Captive Sub.
 
  	  	  	Generally speaking, either the SSO or the Al must be rated at 
least Moodys Baa2 or S&P BBB for the asset to be included in the 
Credit facility.
 
  	F. 	  	Professional Advice
 
  	  	  	While we urge all customers to seek independent advice, it is only 
a requirement where mandated by statute and in the case of FIVTs. Where 
required by statute a separate Independent Professional Advisor (IPA) or 
Independent Legal Advice (ILA) affidavit should be made part of the 
contract. Ohio and Maryland transactions: Where Ohio or Maryland is 
implicated by residence of Customer or domicile of SSO or Al, a statement 
from a professional advisor that they have provided professional advice 
must also be obtained.
 
  	G. 	  	Cash Advances
 
  	  	  	Imperial is reasonably liberal in granting $500 cash advances once 
a COMPLETE contract and all related documents has been received by the 
company. However, remember that any cash advance is a gift (and a total 
loss to the company) if we are unsuccessful in getting the court order. 
Accordingly, in order to grant an Account Executives request for a cash 
advance, each cash advance request must first be reviewed using the 
following criteria:
 
  	H. 	  	State of Residence of the Customer.

  	i. 	  	No cash advances are permitted in Louisiana,
 
  	ii. 	  	Does the Customer reside in a jurisdiction where Imperial has 
had problems getting court orders approved or in a state where a court 
order has never been filed before or a state that has no structured 
settlement statute?
 
  	iii. 	  	If yes, please speak to in-house legal counsel to see if the 
cash advance can be granted.

  	I. 	  	Identity of SSO / Al

  	i. 	  	Are either the SSO and/or Al companies that have previously 
objected to petitions filed?
 
  	ii. 	  	If yes, please speak to in-house legal counsel to see if the 
cash advance can be granted.

  	J. 	  	Has the Structured Settlement Obligor and/or Annuity Issuer 
stipulated to the transfer or agreed to enter into an order for this 
particular transfer or on similarly situated transfers in the past?

  	i. 	  	If yes, please analyze the cash advance utilizing the criteria in 
d below to see if the cash advance request can be granted.

  	K. 	  	Release & Settlement Agreement

  	i. 	  	Does Imperial have a copy of the R&S?

  	(1) 	  	If yes, does the R&S contain anti-assignment language?
 
  	(2) 	  	If yes, does the anti-assignment language contain the words, 
power, void and/or right?
 
  	(3) 	  	If yes to (1) or (2), please speak to in-house legal counsel to 
see if the cash advance can be granted.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	L. 	  	Contract Status
 
  	  	  	Does Imperial have a signed copy of the contract and all related 
documents? (1) If no, we will not allow a cash advance.
 
  	  	  	Please note that a sim pie form of prom issory note is to be used 
to docum ent the cash advance in each case,

2. 	  	PROCESS IF ANNUITY CONTRACT OR RELEASE & SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT CAN 
NOT BE LOCATED:

  	A. 	  	We are required to have a document evidencing the terms of the 
settlement.
 
  	  	  	While we must strive to obtain a clear and legible copy of the 
actual R&S, circumstances will occur where the document simply does not 
exist any longer. In those circumstances, and subject to sufficient other 
information to document the actual terms of the settlement, the following 
procedure may be utilized:

  	i. 	  	Inquire with customer.
 
  	ii. 	  	Inquire with customers attorney in writing.
 
  	iii. 	  	Inquire with insurance carriers involved in the case.
 
  	iv. 	  	Inquire with court where action was pending.

  	  	  	If the document cannot be located after the above steps then 
proceed as follows:

  	i. 	  	Prepare an in house memorandum regarding the steps taken to 
locate the document; essentially summarize steps 1-4 above and attach 
copies of the letters and any responses thereto. This needs to be signed by 
a senior member of the Processing Department.
 
  	ii. 	  	Prepare an affidavit for the customer to sign detailing the 
above efforts and stating the terms of the settlement and further stating 
that despite diligent inquiry there is no known copy of the document in 
existence. This affidavit will be the document which evidences the terms of 
the settlement.

  	  	  	This procedure should be used sparingly and only after we have 
exhausted all reasonable efforts to obtain a copy of the actual R&S and/or 
Annuity Contract.

3. 	  	NASP DATABASE

  	A. 	  	In addition to UCC lien searches, fraud searches are conducted in 
the National Association of Settlement Purchasers (NASP) database in 
order to determine whether a Customer has previously sold payments to 
another NASP member. Upon approval for transmittal to Outside Counsel 
(OC), every transaction is logged into this system, which will alert 
other funders about the sale by a particular Customer to Imperial. The NASP 
database can be found at www.naspfraud.com. A password is required.
 
  	B. 	  	Notice to Other Flinders: Notice to interested parties MUST 
include a notice to Metropolitan Mortgage in Spokane Washington. They 
funded a great deal of structured settlement transactions pre-court order 
required. Furthermore, they do not have their deals logged into the NASP 
database. This notice should be served on them as an interested party in 
all transactions other than Subsequent deals owned by Imperial Finance 
Company.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Section II
PROCESSING MECHANICS OUTLINE

1. 	  	INITIAL DEAL PROCESS A.
 
  	  	AE handles initial call:

  	  	  	Makes initial contact with Customer, explains entire transaction 
process including new and wrapped transactions. Once Customer commits, AE 
proceeds with contract process.
 
  	ii. 	  	Get documents (Annuity Contract and R&S).
 
  	iii. 	  	Fills out the application and affidavit helper.
 
  	iv. 	  	Application is assembled with sufficient information to issue 
proper disclosures which are assembled by CBS, AE and Document Retrieval 
Group. This information is put together in a folder and handed to the 
Submissions Group. This group should also click the submit button in the 
database. The database will reflect that the deal has been submitted.

2. 	  	PROCESS FOR SUBMISSIONS

  	A. 	  	The folder which should contain the Annuity Contract, Settlement 
Agreement and completed Application is now in the hands of the Submissions 
Group.
 
  	B. 	  	Before depositing a submission with Processing, the folder will 
be reviewed by the Manager for the relevant group. The Manager should 
review the submission for completeness and only pass it along if they think 
it is sufficient. If the Submissions Group disagrees, they will give the 
file back to the AE with a specific list of what the problems/deficiencies 
are.

3. 	  	DISCLOSURE OUT PROCESS

  	A. 	  	Assuming sufficient information exists to get a Disclosure out, 
the Disclosure must go out to the Customer the same day provided, as long 
is it is submitted no later than 5:00 p.m. The Disclosures go with a cover 
letter and a copy of Imperials privacy policy (see attached Exhibit 1). 
At this time, the disclosure statement has no signature line and does not 
need to be returned to us; neither does the privacy policy.
 
  	B. 	  	If sufficient information does not exist to process the 
Disclosure, the person attempting to prepare the disclosure shall e-mall 
the AE and carbon copy (cc) the Sales Manager for immediate follow-up.

4. 	  	CONTRACT OUT PROCESS

  	A. 	  	10 days later (or such lesser time as prescribed by the state 
statute which can be 3 or 10 days) a contract is prepared with a cover 
letter and all required documents as follows:

  	I. 	  	Absolute Assignment Agreement.
 
  	II. 	  	Affidavits.
 
  	III. 	  	Acknowledgment of Legal Expense.
 
  	IV. 	  	IPA/ILA Affidavit as required.
 
  	V. 	  	Statement of professional advisor for Ohio & Maryland deals.
 
  	VI. 	  	Change of Beneficiary letters as needed.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	VII. 	  	Method of Payment Request.
 
  	VIII. 	  	Disclosure Statements.
 
  	IX. 	  	Application.

  	B. 	  	Potential Professional Advisor
 
  	  	  	Often customers have advised us that they have difficulty finding 
someone familiar with these transactions or do not know how to locate a 
professional advisor. To assist them in this regard, contracts should go 
out with a list of potential professional advisors, state bar association 
attorney referral groups and low income legal aid clinic information to 
assist customers in locating an IPA if they need one or choose to seek ones 
advice.

5. 	  	CONTRACT SIGNING INTEGRITY PROCESS

  	  	  	Document Retrieval and/or Contract Processing staff will contact 
each Customer (Customers are instructed to call Imperial in the contract 
cover letter as well), which we have sent a Contract, the day the Customer 
receives the Contract from Federal Express (FedEx). The staff will go 
over the documents with the Customer answering questions as needed. No 
legal advice may be provided but background information and what needs to 
be signed should be reviewed. Customers should be urged to obtain counsel 
even if the state transfer statute does not require counsel. Document 
Retrieval Group should note the database accordingly and arrange for 
MBE/FedEx pick up or instruct the CBS to do this.

6. 	  	CONTRACT BACK PROCESS

  	A. 	  	Contract Processing Group reviews each K Back per the processing 
checklist and places key documents in a yellow folder along with a memo 
indicating missing documents and information.
 
  	B. 	  	If Contract Processing is satisfied that the file is ready for 
transmittal to Outside Counsel (OC), they will send it out to OC and mark 
the database accordingly. If there are questions present, e.g. customer is 
under 21 years of age, the file should go to in house counsel before we 
transmit to OC. The file is then reviewed by the attorneys in the Court 
Order Group to confirm that it is ready for transmittal (K Back  Does 
Ready KBDR) or is not (K Back  Does Needed).
 
  	C. 	  	KBDRs go immediately to OC along with a standard letter of 
instruction. All KBDRs must go out as soon as the determination is made 
that the file is ready. Only files where everything needed to file the 
transfer petition are to be marked KI3DR and sent to OC.
 
  	D. 	  	KBDNs  missing items are noted in the database and an e-mail is 
sent to AE/CBS with a carbon copy to the Sales Manager to help retrieve 
missing items. Follow-up is to be coordinated between Sales, Contract 
Processing and Document Retrieval personnel.
 
  	E. 	  	Prepares letter of instruction together with yellow folder and 
sends same to OC via FedEx. A form of pleadings (petition, notices and 
order) should be included for all new attorneys.

7. 	  	COURT ORDER PENDING PROCESS

  	A. 	  	New counsel must be instructed to e-mail draft pleadings 
(petition, notices, order, etc.) to

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	in house counsel for approval before filing. The Court Order Group 
(COG) is to follow up with all outside counsel and track the filing of all 
petitions, the scheduling of hearing, coordination of counsel, etc. The COG 
is also responsible for obtaining actual copies of the Order when granted 
and ensuring that they are accurate and contain the requisite language.
 
  	B. 	  	If an objection to a transfer petition is logged by anyone, the 
file must immediately be flagged and referred to the SVP.

8. 	  	ORIGINATION AUTOMATION DATABASE

  	A. 	  	Each origination follows an established path toward an eventual 
closing. In order to provide timely information to all Contract Processors 
and AEs, Imperial has developed a contact management and activity 
management database that tracks all stages of the sales, contract and 
closing process. With enhancements being made, this same system will make 
up the backbone of the servicing and investor reporting system.
 
  	B. 	  	Each logical step in the origination process has been designed 
into the database. Each Status describes the present stage of each deal in 
the origination and closing process. This system is in addition to the 
system of physical checklists which are part of each file.


Section III
CONTRACT PREPARATION AND PROCESSING DOCUMENTS REQUIRED TO PREPARE CONTRACT

  	A. 	  	In order to prepare a contract we need the Transaction 
Documents described below. However, where one is confident of obtaining 
the documents, a contract should go out as soon as there is sufficient 
information to properly prepare the Absolute Assignment Agreement and UCC 
Article 9 Security Agreement, assuming that prior notice and required 
disclosures have been provided. The balance of the documentation can be 
policed up after the contract has been signed.
 
  	B. 	  	Transaction Documents:

  	1. 	  	Completed application including a government issued photo ID 
(i.e. drivers license, passport, etc.);
 
  	2. 	  	R&S or sufficient writing evidencing same. The Release must be 
reviewed and be satisfactory. This means it cannot contain null and void 
or invalid language, In the absence of a release, we can use an affidavit 
(see the procedure regarding no Release and/or Annuity Contract in Section 
4 above);
 
  	3. 	  	Annuity Contract naming Customer as payee or sufficient writing 
evidencing same;
 
  	4. 	  	Qualified Assignment (QA) if liability insurers obligation to 
make the periodic payments has been assigned (obtain copy if possible).
 
  	5. 	  	Any of the above documents may or may not be present at a given 
point in time while we pursue their production. The required documentation 
may be gathered at almost any point in the process before funding (e.g. 
while it is best to get the photo ID early it can be retrieved at any time 
before funding).

1. 	  	TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS REVIEW

  	A. 	  	All of the relevant documents must be carefully reviewed to 
ensure that they are accurate, authentic and do not contain any problematic 
terms or conditions (i.e. confidentiality provision in R&S stating that 
payments are forfeited if this provision is breached, etc.).

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	B. 	  	Review documents for general accuracy and completeness and 
specifically as follows:
 
  	  	  	Generally, no null and void or invalid language (if such 
language is present, in house counsel must review and approve before such a 
transaction proceeds further);

  	2. 	  	No confidentiality language which would provide damages for 
breaching confidentiality;
 
  	3 	  	Who are the parties that are entitled to receive the payments;
 
  	4. 	  	In the clear absence of the Settlement Agreement, do we have an 
affidavit from the Customer stating what the terms of the settlement were 
and providing other relevant information;
 
  	5. 	  	Are the periodic payments clearly stated;
 
  	6. 	  	Is the name of the payee clearly stated;
 
  	7. 	  	Is the policy number clearly stated;
 
  	8. 	  	Is there more than one Annuity Contract;
 
  	9. 	  	If an Annuity Contract is not available, do we have a benefits 
letter indicating all this information;
 
  	10. 	  	Do the payments listed in the Annuity Contract match the 
payments listed in the Settlement Agreement;
 
  	11. 	  	Are the Assigned Payments guaranteed during the entire term of 
the transaction?
 
  	12. 	  	If payments cease upon the death of the Customer, an acceptable 
insurance policy must be obtained with Imperial or its assigns as named 
beneficiary in an amount sufficient to satisfy all Assigned Payments.

  	C. 	  	Documents Needed
 
  	  	  	At various times during the process of acquiring a structured 
settlement, the need to obtain certain documents arises. Locating these 
documents is crucial to our success. The duty of the Document Research 
Department is to locate and obtain copies of the documents we need to 
process and close transactions.

2. 	  	DISCLOSURE OUT PROCEDURES

  	A. 	  	Disclosures are to be prepared and sent to all Customers. 
Multiple disclosures are the norm since the Customer, Structured Settlement 
Obligor and Annuity Issuer may all implicate the laws of different states. 
Moreover, where the underlying action was pending and the stated 
controlling law of the settlement agreement may implicate other states 
laws. To be safe we send disclosures required by any potentially applicable 
state law. It is imperative to get this right lest we go back to square one 
if we do it wrong.
 
  	B. 	  	Need to ensure that:

  	1. 	  	Effective discount rate is within our guidelines  or in the case 
of certain states (e.g. NC, NE) within statutory maximums.
 
  	2. 	  	Have fees and costs been properly disclosed  legal fees, 
processing fees, etc.?
 
  	3. 	  	Has status been changed in database to Contract Pending?
 
  	4. 	  	Has tracking date for disclosure out been updated in database?

  	C. 	  	State Specific Requirements:

  	1. 	  	NY specifies how a notice must be served  regular and USPS 
priority mail with return

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	receipt requested. Failure to adhere to these requirements will 
cause a monumental waste of time and resources.

3. 	  	CONTRACT OUT PROCEDURES

  	A. 	  	Need to ensure that:

  	1. 	  	The correct Contract for the state in which the Court Order will 
be obtained has been prepared along with all required exhibits, IPAs, 
ILAs etc.
 
  	2. 	  	Executable copy of all disclosure statements has been provided.
 
  	3. 	  	Status has been changed in the database to K-Out,
 
  	4. 	  	K-Out date has been updated in database in two places.

4. 	  	CONTRACT BACK PROCEDURES

  	A. 	  	Review of signed contract to ensure that all exhibits have been 
completed as applicable and that all signatures have been properly affixed 
and notarized as needed. Review questionnaire exhibit to ensure it is 
adequately completed.
 
  	B. 	  	Checking in Contracts: As contracts are received from Customers, 
the following questions must be answered:

  	1. 	  	Have all signatures been executed properly?
 
  	2. 	  	Have all pertinent pages been notarized?
 
  	3. 	  	Is the total value of the deal greater than $250,000.00?
 
  	4. 	  	Are any of the individual lump sums greater than $100,000?
 
  	5. 	  	Has status been changed in the database to Contract Back?
 
  	6. 	  	Have searches been performed?
 
  	7. 	  	Has the Processing Checklist been reviewed and updated?
 
  	8. 	  	Have any missing documents been located?

  	C. 	  	Order & Review Searches

  	1. 	  	Bankruptcy search;
 
  	2. 	  	State Level UCC Searches  Westlaw;
 
  	3. 	  	Tax lien searches, Federal and state tax liens are super liens, 
meaning they attach as a matter of law to all assets without the necessity 
of levying. These must be paid.
 
  	4. 	  	Ensure that all child support, spousal support or similar 
obligations have been researched and satisfied. We want to pay these even 
though they do not attach to the settlement payments absent levying. As a 
matter of policy, we insist that customers get current on their child and 
spousal support obligations.

  	D. 	  	Judgments & What to do

  	1. 	  	Judgments (other than for child support or spousal support) may 
turn up on any given customer. It is important to note that a judgment does 
NOT attach to personal property (i.e. the settlement payments) unless the 
judgment creditor has levied on the obligor. The only way we would know If 
this has been done is to get the information from the insurance company. 
Unfortunately, this imposes a very long delay. As a consequence, unless 
130% of the judgment amount exceeds our profit in the deal we will fund the 
transaction without waiting to ensure that there is no valid levy on the 
payments. Essentially, we are taking the risk that no levy has occurred. 
Obviously, if there are any reasons to suspect that the payments have been 
levied, then do not fund the transaction. Also, to the extent that 130% of 
the judgment equals or exceeds our profit, do not fund the transaction. We 
will wait for the carrier to confirm that no levy is in

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	force.
 
  	2. 	  	PRE-FUNDING REVIEW
 
  	  	  	Before submitting a file for closing approval, a Court Order Group 
member should review the entire file for completeness and accuracy. They 
should ensure that all documents necessary to fund are in the file and that 
all of the above procedures have been followed. This is the time to catch 
and correct any errors which may have slipped through. The Court Order 
Group should perform the following reviews prior to submitting a file for 
Funding/Closing Approval:

  	1. 	  	Review entire file for completeness.
 
  	2. 	  	Check file for proper documentation.
 
  	3. 	  	Have all documents been received?
 
  	4. 	  	Are errors, if any, being corrected?
 
  	5. 	  	Has Processing Checklist been reviewed?
 
  	6. 	  	Has a properly worded Court Order been received from the Court?
 
  	7. 	  	Has Court Order been served on Owner and Issuer?
 
  	8. 	  	A Closing Memo must be prepared to discuss anything peculiar or 
that needs explanation regarding the transaction (e.g. Two orders were 
issued in this matter because on the first Order dated ____________, the 
court failed to list the assigned payments correctly, etc.).

5. 	  	SUBMITTING FOR FUNDING/CLOSING APPROVAL

  	A. 	  	All files submitted for closing should be gathered together and 
presented to the Underwriting Group. The processing checklist is to be 
reviewed by the Underwriting Group if satisfactory; the file is initialed 
as approved for Funding/Closing on the processing checklist. It is 
important that any advances, deductions or adjustments to the Purchase 
Price be made at this point and conspicuously noted. Of particular 
importance in this review are:

  	1. 	  	Has Owner and Issuer acknowledged Court Order.
 
  	2. 	  	Have any advances, deductions, or adjustments to the Purchase 
Price been conspicuously noted in the file and in database.
 
  	3. 	  	A Funding Form should be prepared. If the file is unsatisfactory, 
the file is to be rejected and returned to the relevant processing group 
for correction of deficiencies.

  	B. 	  	Escrows should be held as follows:
 
  	  	  	In order to continue our objective of minimizing the risk of 
defaults due to court order administrative issues, but at the same time 
balancing the needs of our customers, below please find revised guidelines 
for holding back escrow on new structured settlement fundings:
 
  	  	  	For deals with all Insurance Companies with stipulations and/ or 
acknowledgements:

  	1. 	  	Monthly payments already in progress or due within 6 months of 
fund date:

  	 	  	3 months of escrow on total monthly payment (escrow will be 
released in full upon receipt of 1 monthly payment to the correct lockbox)

  	2. 	  	Monthly payments due more than 6 months from fund date:

  	 	  	None

  	3. 	  	All lump sums:

  	 	  	Payments due within 6 months of fund date:
 
  	 	  	Review of transaction and Escrow to be determined by either

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	CEO/C00 Corporate Counsel/CFO
 
  	 	  	No Lump Sums will be sold into any financing facility if due in 6 
months or less from funding date
 
  	 	  	Payments more than 6 months from fund date
 
  	 	  	No escrow

  	4. 	  	Monthly and Lump sum Payments

  	 	  	Escrow per the monthly payment rules above; no escrow on lump sum 
payments.

  	  	  	For deals with Non-Problematic Insurance Companies with no 
stipulations or acknowledgements:

  	1. 	  	Monthly payments already in progress or due within 6 months of 
fund date:

  	 	  	3 months of escrow on total monthly payment (escrow will be 
released upon receipt of 2 payments to the correct lockbox)

  	2. 	  	Monthly payments due more than 6 months from fund date:

  	 	  	I month of escrow on total monthly payment (escrow will be 
released upon receipt of acknowledgement from the insurance company)

  	3. 	  	Lump sums.

  	 	  	First Payment due 0 to 6 months from fund date
 
  	 	  	20% of 1st lump sum due (escrow released upon receipt of 
acknowledgement) and will not be sold into any financing facility
 
  	 	  	First Payment due > 6 to 12 months from fund date
 
  	 	  	Lesser of 20% of 1st lump sum due or $2,500 (escrow released upon 
receipt of acknowledgement)
 
  	 	  	First Payment due > 12 months from fund date
 
  	 	  	Lesser of 20% of 1st lump sum due or $1,000 (escrow released upon 
receipt of acknowledgement)

  	4. 	  	Monthly and Lump sum Payments

  	 	  	Escrow per the monthly payment rules above; no escrow on lump sum 
payments.

  	  	  	For deals with Problematic insurance Companies (as defined on the 
attached list) with no stipulations or acknowledgements:

  	1. 	  	Monthly payments already in progress or due within 6 months of 
fund date:

  	 	  	6 months of escrow on total monthly payment (escrow will be 
released month to month until receipt of 2 monthly payments to the correct 
lockbox)

  	2. 	  	Monthly payments due more than 6 months from fund date:

  	 	  	1 month of escrow on total monthly payment (escrow will be 
released upon receipt of acknowledgement from the insurance company)

  	3. 	  	Lump sums:

  	 	  	First Payment due 0 to 6 months from fund date
 
  	 	  	100% of 1st lump sum due (escrow released upon receipt of 
acknowledgement) and will not be sold into any financing facility
 
  	 	  	First Payment due > 6 to 12 months from fund date
 
  	 	  	Lesser of 20% of let lump sum due or $2,500 (escrow released upon 
receipt of acknowledgement)
 
  	 	  	First Payment due > 12 months from fund date

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	 	  	Lesser of 20% of 1st lump sum due or $1,000 (escrow released upon 
receipt of acknowledgement)

  	4. 	  	Monthly and Lump sum Payments

  	 	  	Escrow per the monthly payment rules above; no escrow on lump sum 
payments.

6. 	  	FUNDING

  	A. 	  	Once a file has been approved for Closing/Funding, the file is 
ready for funding and then closing into one of our credit facilities.
 
  	B. 	  	Immediately prior to funding, the Closing Group again checks the 
NASP fraud prevention database for a final confirmation that the Customer 
has not attempted to do a transaction with a competitor involving the same 
payments. He will also enter a record into the NASP database that the 
Customer has conducted a transaction with Imperial. Once this is confirmed, 
and the data entered, the file can be funded and closed. I. Escrows:

  	I  	  	The funding form must provide for escrows as follows:

  	(a) 	  	See above referenced Section V Item 7(B) Examples, according to 
the transaction type.

  	C. 	  	The Closing Group should then present the Funding Forms to the 
Accounting Department which will prepare the checks and enter wire transfer 
information into accounting/banking systems.

7. 	  	CLOSING
 
  	  	In order for a file to be marked closed, all documents must be in the 
file.

  	A. 	  	Closed File Should Contain:

  	1. 	  	Purchase Agreement with all exhibits:
 
  	2. 	  	Copy of Identification (government issued);
 
  	3. 	  	Marriage Certificate/ Divorce Agreement/Death Certificate as 
necessary;
 
  	4. 	  	State UCC searches  as required;
 
  	5. 	  	Federal & State Tax Lien searches  as required;
 
  	6. 	  	Bankruptcy search  as required;
 
  	7. 	  	Court Order approving sale and confirmation of service on the 
obligors;
 
  	8. 	  	Written acknowledgment from Al and/or SSO confirming compliance 
with Court Order;
 
  	9. 	  	Transaction Closing Memo;
 
  	10. 	  	Misc. relevant documents (Life Insurance, Notices, Court Order 
Pleadings, etc.);
 
  	11. 	  	Processing transaction checklist; and
 
  	12. 	  	Key Data Merge sheet verifying critical items such as assignment 
payments, name of seller, address of seller, Al and SSO name and address, 
S&P and Moodys rating for Al and SSO, etc.

  	B. 	  	To close the file, the assignment agreements from Settlement 
Funding to the relevant SVP must be prepared and signed. Receivable files, 
a closing report, draw requests, etc., are then prepared according to the 
facilitys documents.


 
**  	  	This document may be amended from time to time

  	I. 	  	Account Executive submits file

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	A. 	  	Court Order Application is completed including but not limited to

  	1. 	  	Customer Name: customer provides full legal name to AE including 
former names and/or aliases; name including f/k/a and a/k/a are 
incorporated on all legal documents.
 
  	2. 	  	Customer Address
 
  	3. 	  	Employer
 
  	4. 	  	Breakdown of use of funds: The detailed breakdown of the use of 
funds must add up to the net amount after all legal and processing fees to 
the customer.

  	B. 	  	AE Submission Checklist: At time of submission, must have:

  	1. 	  	Completed Court Order Application
 
  	2. 	  	Confirmation of Obligor  verified via settlement document(s) or 
conference call with insurance company.
 
  	3. 	  	Confirmation of Issuer  verified via settlement document(s) or 
conference call.
 
  	4. 	  	Confirmation of Payment Stream verified via settlement 
document(s) or conference call.
 
  	5. 	  	Confirmation of Annuity Contract Number  verified via settlement 
document(s) or conference call.
 
  	6. 	  	Proof of Residency

  	a. 	  	Driver License (cannot be more than two years expired)
 
  	b. 	  	State-issued ID card
 
  	c. 	  	Unexpired Military ID card
 
  	d. 	  	Prison ID (only if currently incarcerated)
 
  	e. 	  	Recently dated utility bill in customers name with customers 
current address (no P.O. Box)
 
  	f. 	  	Recent passport with pre-printed address and state of issue

  	7. 	  	Ad Source named  this data is collected for purposes of tracking 
marketing effectiveness.
 
  	8. 	  	Insurance companys Administrative Fees

  	C. 	  	Quote Sheet

  	1. 	  	Submission date is entered as point of reference for all 
computations.
 
  	2. 	  	Payment stream being transferred is entered.
 
  	3. 	  	Gross amount to customer is entered.

  	D. 	  	Settlement Documents are obtained. Any or all of the following:

  	1. 	  	Release & Settlement Agreement (R&S)  SEE SAMPLE
 
  	2. 	  	Qualified Assignment (QA)  SEE SAMPLE
 
  	3. 	  	Annuity Contract (AC)  SEE SAMPLE
 
  	4. 	  	Benefits Letter (BL)  SEE SAMPLE
 
  	5. 	  	Annuity Pay stub  SEE SAMPLE

  	E. 	  	Proof of SSN [Not Required for Submission; REQUIRED FOR FUNDING]:

  	1. 	  	Social Security Card
 
  	2. 	  	Verification Letter from Social Security Administration
 
  	3. 	  	Previous years income tax return

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	F. 	  	Miscellaneous documents are obtained if necessary:

  	1. 	  	Letter of Support and Supporters proof of income: if customer 
falls below minimum income requirement of $10K/year.
 
  	2. 	  	Divorce Decree: if customer obtained a divorce after the date of 
settlement or annuity; this is necessary to prove that ex-spouse does not 
have any claim to payments.
 
  	3. 	  	Proof of name change (e.g. marriage certificate) if the name on 
ID does not match the name of settlement and/or annuity documents.

II. 	  	State Disclosures prepared

  	A. 	  	Review Court Order Application (COA), especially the following:

  	1. 	  	Customer Name: check against ID, settlement documents, etc. Be 
sure to include full legal name including any former and alias names.
 
  	2. 	  	Customer Address: perform US Postal Service address check for 
valid mailing address; immediately notify AE if mailing address is not 
valid.
 
  	3. 	  	State where the case was settled: must send a disclosure for that 
state.
 
  	4. 	  	Employer: check if customer is employed. If not employed, is 
customer supported by Spouse? By someone else (e.g. mother; boyfriend, 
etc.)? If financially supported by someone else, check for Letter of 
Support.
 
  	5. 	  	Use of funds: The detailed breakdown of the use of funds must add 
up to the net amount after all legal and processing fees to the customer.

  	B. 	  	Review settlement documents submitted:

  	1. 	  	Release & Settlement Agreement (R&S) provides:

  	a. 	  	Payee(s) Name
 
  	b. 	  	Obligor Name
 
  	c. 	  	Issuer Name
 
  	d. 	  	Payment Stream

  	2. 	  	Qualified Assignment (QA) provides:

  	a. 	  	Payee(s) Name
 
  	b. 	  	Obligor Name
 
  	c. 	  	Issuer Name
 
  	d. 	  	Payment Stream

  	3. 	  	Annuity Contract (AC) provides:

  	a. 	  	Payee(s) Name
 
  	b. 	  	Obligor Name (and address)
 
  	c. 	  	Issuer Name (and address)
 
  	d. 	  	Payment Stream
 
  	e. 	  	Annuity Contract Number***←WITHOUT A CONTRACT #, WE CANNOT 
INCLUDE THE CONTRACT # ON ALL OF THE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	4. 	  	Benefits Letter (BL) provides:

  	a. 	  	Payee(s) Name
 
  	b. 	  	Obligor Name (and address)
 
  	c. 	  	Issuer Name (and address)
 
  	d. 	  	Payment Stream
 
  	e. 	  	Annuity Contract Number***

  	5. 	  	Annuity Paystub provides:

  	a. 	  	Payee Name
 
  	b. 	  	Obligor Name  sometimes, not always
 
  	c. 	  	Issuer Name (and address)
 
  	d. 	  	Periodic payment amount
 
  	e. 	  	Annuity Contract Number  sometimes

  	C. 	  	Select applicable state disclosure(s) for:

  	1. 	  	State where payee resides  See state-specific disclosures for 46 
states with a model act.
 
  	2. 	  	State where Obligor is domiciled  refer to database and/or 
Insurance Matrix
 
  	3. 	  	State where Issuer is domiciled  refer to database and/or 
Insurance Matrix
 
  	4. 	  	State where the underlying case was settled.
 
  	5. 	  	If customer resides in state where no model act exists (New 
Hampshire; District of Columbia; Vermont; Wisconsin) consult with In-House 
Counsel for selection of venue which may be:

  	a. 	  	Obligors state of domicile.
 
  	b. 	  	Issuers state of domicile.
 
  	c. 	  	State where the underlying case was settled.

  	D. 	  	Prepare Quote Sheets  [USING ANNUITY CALCULATOR]

  	6. 	  	Enter date of submission to base all-figures off of the date of 
file submission.
 
  	7. 	  	.Enter Payments that are being transferred.

  	a. 	  	Enter Payment Type (e.g. Monthlies, lump sum, quarterlies, etc.)
 
  	b. 	  	Enter # of payments.
 
  	c. 	  	Enter start date (if lump sum, just enter the date that the 
payment is due)
 
  	d. 	  	The end date (if any) will default as long as # of payments and 
start date are- entered first.

  	8. 	  	Compute Present Value

  	a. 	  	Enter the current months applicable federal rate (e.g. 2.60% 
for April, 2009) in the RAISED AT % box.
 
  	b. 	  	Hit CALCULATE button.
 
  	c. 	  	The resultant amount in the CASH TODAY box is the present value 
of the payment that are being transferred. This tells us what the 
transferred payments are worth on the date of submission.

  	9. 	  	Compute Quotient

  	a. 	  	Divide NET AMOUNT by PRESENT VALUE amount.
 
  	b. 	  	The resultant percentage is the Quotient. This tells us what 
percentage of the current, value of the transferred payments the customer 
will net. E.g. if quotient is.0:6000 or 60%

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	and payments present value is $10,000.00, the customer will net 
60% of $10,000.00 or $6,000.00. The net amount is the amount to the 
customer-after legal and processing fees(usually $2..200.00) are paid out 
of the customers gross proceeds.

  	10. 	  	Compute Nominal Rate and Effective Rate on Gross Amount

  	a. 	  	Clear both the RAISED AT % box and the CASH TODAY box.
 
  	b. 	  	Enter the gross amount in the CASH TODAY box.
 
  	c. 	  	Hit CALCULATE button.
 
  	d. 	  	The annuity calculator will compute both a Nominal Rate and 
Effective Rate on the gross amount.

  	11. 	  	Compute Nominal Rate and Effective Rate on Net Amount.

  	a. 	  	Clear both the RAISEDAT % box and the CASH TODAY box.
 
  	b. 	  	Enter the gross Amount in the CASH TODAY box.
 
  	c. 	  	Hit CALCULATE button.
 
  	d. 	  	The annuity calculator will compute both a Nominal Rate and 
Effective Rate on the net amount.

  	12. 	  	[New York deals only] Compute two (2) comparable quotes using 
quotes, from the internet.

  	a. 	  	. Clear both the RAISED AT% box and the CASH TODAY box.
 
  	b. 	  	Enter one of the rates obtained in the RAISED AT % box.
 
  	c. 	  	Hit CALCULATE button.
 
  	d. 	  	the resultant amount in the CASH TODAY box is the cost of 
purchasing a comparable annuity.
 
  	e. 	  	Repeat steps a through d. for the cost of a second comparable 
. annuity.

  	13. 	  	Enter figures from quote sheets into selected state disclosures.

  	E. 	  	Prepare Required Documents Checklist
 
  	F. 	  	Add Privacy Policy and AEs business card to the Disclosures 
Out package
 
  	G. 	  	Prepare FedEx labels and FedEx package.
 
  	  	  	For transactions that require sending a New York disclosure 
statement: Also send disclosures via U.S.P.S. regular mail and U.S.P.S. 
Certified Mail with return receipt in order to comply with the New York 
state statute.
 
  	H. 	  	Scan all documents for placement into an O: drive folder and 
organize brown classification folder

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	I. 	  	Prepare Disclosure Affidavit (if applicable)  SEE AFFIDAVIT 
WHICH STATES:

  	1. 	  	Customer Address
 
  	2. 	  	Customer Email Address
 
  	3. 	  	Date disclosures were emailed

III. Contract Documents prepared. [IN ORDER OF STACKING]

  	A. 	  	Disclosures with signature lines  SEE SAMPLE
 
  	  	  	Refers to the payments being transferred as life contingent 
payments; e.g.:
 
  	  	  	SIXTY (60) life contingent monthly payments of EIGHT HUNDRED and 
00/100 DOLLARS ($800.00) commencing on or about....
 
  	B. 	  	Best Interest Affidavit specific for Life Contingent transactions
 
  	C. 	  	Authorization for Deductions/Authorization to Release Information 
 SEE DOCUMENT, allows us to conduct the following searches:

  	1. 	  	Account search (for bankruptcies, liens, judgments, criminal 
records, etc.)
 
  	2. 	  	Credit search
 
  	3. 	  	NASP (National Association of Settlement Purchasers) search on 
national database for prior transactions with other NASP members

  	  	  	Add appropriate language for MVR reports and RX Authorization
 
  	D. 	  	Request for Benefits addressed to Issuer SEE LETTER, ASKS FOR:

  	1. 	  	Annuity Owner
 
  	2. 	  	Payment Amount (s)
 
  	3. 	  	Start date of monthly payments due
 
  	4. 	  	Due date(s) of lump sum payment(s) due
 
  	..5. 	  	Current beneficiary listed
 
  	6. 	  	The above documents to be faxed to: [Transmittal teams fax ill
 
  	7. 	  	The current address on file to be updated

  	E. 	  	Request for Benefits addressed to Obligor  SEE LETTER, ASKS FOR:

  	1. 	  	Qualified Assignment
 
  	2. 	  	Release and Settlement Agreement
 
  	3. 	  	Court Order approving the settlement (if applicable)
 
  	4. 	  	Current beneficiary listed
 
  	5. 	  	Any additional documentation
 
  	6. 	  	The above documents to be faxed to: [Transmittal Dept. / Gregs 
fax #}
 
  	7. 	  	The current address on file to be updated

  	F. 	  	Request for Benefits addressed to Allstate (if applicable)  SEE 
LETTER, ASKS FOR:

  	1. 	  	Annuity Contract, if unavailable then Income Verification letter 
which includes Owner, Issuer & Contract Number.
 
  	2. 	  	Release and Settlement Agreement

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	3. 	  	The above documents to be faxed to: [Transmittal Dept. / Gregs 
fax #1
 
  	4. 	  	Includes $20 Money Order

  	G. 	  	Annuity Contract Affidavit  SEE AFFIDAVIT WHICH STATES:

  	1. 	  	Current address
 
  	2. 	  	Social Security Number
 
  	3. 	  	Policy Number
 
  	4. 	  	R&S date
 
  	5. 	  	Issuer
 
  	6. 	  	Payment stream
 
  	7. 	  	Payments to be transferred
 
  	8. 	  	Owner

  	H. 	  	Release & Settlement Affidavit  SEE AFFIDAVIT WHICH STATES:

  	1. 	  	Current address
 
  	2. 	  	Social Security Number
 
  	3. 	  	Policy Number
 
  	4. 	  	Obligor
 
  	5. 	  	Issuer
 
  	6. 	  	Payment stream
 
  	7. 	  	Payments to be transferred

  	I. 	  	Change of Beneficiary addressed to Issuer  SEE LETTER  Need:

  	1. 	  	Issuer Name & Address
 
  	2. 	  	Annuity Contract Number
 
  	3. 	  	Social Security Number

  	J. 	  	Change of Beneficiary addressed to Obligor  SEE LETTER  Need:

  	1. 	  	Obligor Name & Address
 
  	2. 	  	Annuity Contract Number
 
  	3. 	  	Social Security Number

  	K. 	  	Acknowledgement of Legal Fees  SEE INTERNAL FORM

  	 	  	Legal Fees are typically $2,000.00 per transfer

  	L. 	  	Method of Payment forms (2 types) SEE INTERNAL FORMS:

  	1. 	  	Used for both Final Funding and for Cash Advance(s)
 
  	2. 	  	Customer selects one of two forms of payments:

  	a. 	  	Check  CHECK MUST BE IN CUSTOMERS NAME, NO ONE ELSES NAME
 
  	b. 	  	Wire transfer  WIRE MUST GO TO CUSTOMERS (SOLE/JOINT) ACCOUNT,

                                                                          
NO ONE ELSES ACCOUNT

  	M. 	  	IPA Statement (if applicable)  SEE FORM  applicable for 
customers who receive a disclosure from one or more of the following ten 
(10) states:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	1. 	  	Alaska
 
  	2. 	  	Delaware
 
  	3. 	  	Louisiana
 
  	4. 	  	Maine
 
  	5. 	  	Maryland
 
  	6. 	  	Minnesota
 
  	7. 	  	New York (Bronx County Only)
 
  	8. 	  	Chicago


Contract Back Specialists (CBSs) reviews file with customer.

1. 	  	CONTRACT BACK PROCEDURES

  	A. 	  	Review of signed contract to ensure that all exhibits have been 
completed as applicable and that all signatures have been properly affixed 
and notarized as needed. Review questionnaire exhibit to ensure it is 
adequately completed.
 
  	B. 	  	Checking in Contracts: As contracts are received from Customers, 
the following questions must be answered:

  	1. 	  	Have all signatures been executed properly?
 
  	2. 	  	Have all pertinent pages been notarized?
 
  	3. 	  	Is the total value of the deal greater than $250,000.00?
 
  	4. 	  	Are any of the individual lump sums greater than $100,000?
 
  	5. 	  	Has status been changed in the database to Contract Back?
 
  	6. 	  	Have searches been performed?
 
  	7. 	  	Has the Processing Checklist been reviewed and updated?
 
  	8. 	  	Have any missing documents been located?

  	C. 	  	Order & Review Searches

  	1. 	  	Bankruptcy search (Deals in excess of $30,000 P.P.);
 
  	2. 	  	State Level UCC Searches  Westlaw;
 
  	3. 	  	Tax lien searches (Deals in excess of $30,000 P.P.). Federal and 
state tax liens are

Contract Review

  	 	  	Explain in detail all of the contents in the Contract package.

  	 	  	Do Not Sign Letter  This is to show that we are in compliance 
with the state statute requirements for the Transfer of Structured 
Settlements.
 
  	 	  	Contract This is the agreement between the customer and Imperial

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Structured Settlements, LLC.
 
  	 	  	Disclosure(s)  This is a statement in connection with the 
customers agreement that discloses the Schedule of Payments Transferred, 
Aggregate Value, Discounted Present Value, Gross Purchase Price, Net 
Purchase Price, Right to Cancel, Fees & Expenses, Quotient (if state 
requires), IPA Requirement.
 
  	 	  	BIA  This is the Best Interest Affidavit which explains the 
reasons why the customer is transferring their annuity.
 
  	 	  	Auth for Deductions  This is to authorize us to deduct from the 
purchase price the full amount due to any and all third party creditors, 
judgment

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	holders, child support obligations and any other outstanding lien 
or judgment. This also gives the right to get information from the 
Insurance companies, Attorneys office, and conduct credit and criminal 
background checks.
 
  	 	  	RFB (Issuer) This is a request for benefits from the customer to 
the issuing insurance company for a copy of all settlement documents such 
as the Annuity Contract, current Benefits Letter, Uniform Qualified 
Assignment and Settlement Agreement and Release.
 
  	 	  	RFB (Obligor)  This is a request for benefits from the customer 
to the assigning insurance company for a copy of all settlement documents 
such as the Annuity Contract, current Benefits Letter, Uniform Qualified 
Assignment and Settlement Agreement and Release.
 
  	 	  	Annuity Contract Affidavit  This is a written declaration from 
the customer explaining in the event that we are not able to procure the 
AC, the customer is stating that he or she made diligent efforts to obtain 
it and certifying that these payments are being received from issuer.
 
  	 	  	Release and Settlement Agreement Affidavit  This is a written 
declaration from the customer explaining in the event that we are not able 
to procure the R&S, the customer is stating that he or she made diligent 
efforts to obtain it and these payments were awarded in the settlement.
 
  	 	  	Change of Beneficiary  This is a request to change the 
beneficiary to their estate during this transaction period.
 
  	 	  	Acknowledge of Legal Expenses  This to confirm that the customer 
is aware of all legal fees.
 
  	 	  	Method of Payment  This is a form requesting that after the court 
approval of the transfer we should remit payment by check or bank wire to 
the customer.
 
  	 	  	IPA Statement  In the event that we are not able to obtain a 
letter from the Independent Professional Advisor on their letterhead, this 
will take the place of the letter. Not all state statutes require IPAs.
 
  	 	  	Court Order Application  This is the application that was taken 
over the phone with the Account Executive.

Annuity Verification Calls

  	 	  	Conduct away calls with customers and Insurance companies to 
confirm or verify annuitants correct policy number, availability of 
payment stream, and confirm owner and issuer of policy. We would only 
conduct these calls in absence of complete set of annuity documents.

Notary Orders

  	 	  	Once we have reviewed the contract package with the customer we 
set up a traveling notary to execute the contract package on their signing 
date. The Notary service we use is called Statous and the cost for each 
traveling notary is $120.00, this service expedites the process of 
returning documents.

Follow Up

  	 	  	Insurance Companies

  	 	  	Follow up with all requests for benefits for the customers: 
Confirm receipt of request, turn time for processing request, and verifying 
documents sent via mail or facsimile once processed.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	 	  	Missing documents

  	 	  	Follow up daily with customers to obtain missing IDs or Social 
Security cards or proof of social security.
 
  	 	  	Confirm with customer that they are still in possession of the 
missing contract documents. If not, inform customer that we will be 
resending any missing documents via FedEx with return envelope.

  	 	  	IPAs

  	 	  	Because we do not refer independent professional advice we do 
consistently follow up with all customers that are in states that require 
Independent Professional Advice to seek this advice.
 
  	 	  	Once IPA has been received, we obtain an IPA letter and invoice.
 
  	 	  	The average cost of an IPA is $150.00417

V. Transmit to Outside Counsel (OC)

  	A. 	  	Review for proper execution

  	1. 	  	Sign date must be within compliance of applicable state statutes
 
  	2. 	  	Documents that require notarization are notarized correctly
 
  	3. 	  	All documents of a Contract Package are returned

  	a. 	  	If any documents are missing or not executed properly I will 
notate Salesforce, and email the AE and CBS to obtain the documents needed

  	B. 	  	Review accuracy of documents

  	1. 	  	Names of Payee, Dependents, Obligor, and Issuer are correct
 
  	2. 	  	Annuity Policy numbers must be accurate on all documents
 
  	3. 	  	Addresses are correct for Payee, Obligor, and Issuer

  	a. 	  	If there is a typographical error on the name of the Payee we 
will create the Name Verification Declaration to be executed by the Payee
 
  	b. 	  	If the policy number is incorrect or addresses are incorrect I 
will notate Salesforce, email the AE and CBS and send out corrected 
documents for execution

  	C. 	  	Review of Petition Documents

  	1. 	  	Absolute Assignment and Security Agreement with Disclosures

  	a. 	  	All Payment Streams filled in
 
  	b. 	  	Net Purchase Price filled in
 
  	c. 	  	Obligor and Issuer completed
 
  	d. 	  	Disclosure Complete including requirement of IPA (dependent on 
state statute)

  	 	  	If IPA is required Payee must seek this advise and provide a 
Letter on the IPA letterhead confirming review of documents with the Payee 
and that Payee fully understands the transaction

  	2. 	  	Best Interest Affidavit must explain the Payees current status

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	a. 	  	Marital
 
  	b. 	  	Dependents
 
  	c. 	  	Employment
 
  	d. 	  	Use of funds

  	3. 	  	Court Order Application must be completed

  	a. 	  	Name
 
  	b. 	  	Address
 
  	c. 	  	Contact Numbers
 
  	d. 	  	Marital Status (current and previous)

  	 	  	If divorced we require Divorce Decree with Property Settlement

  	e. 	  	Employment or Income

  	 	  	If unemployed or making less than $10,000 we require a Letter of 
Support with proof of income from someone who provides financial support to 
Payee

  	f. 	  	Child Support (if applicable)
 
  	g. 	  	Bankruptcy (if applicable)

  	 	  	If Payee has filed for Bankruptcy we require all Bankruptcy 
paperwork

  	D. 	  	Non Petition Documents

  	1. 	  	All documents are reviewed, scanned, and fastened into customers 
folder

  	a. 	  	Authorization for Deductions
 
  	b. 	  	Annuity Contract Affidavit
 
  	c. 	  	Settlement Agreement Affidavit
 
  	d. 	  	Method of Payment
 
  	e. 	  	Acknowledgment of Legal Expenses
 
  	f. 	  	Request for Benefits

  	 	  	Sent to Obligor and Issuer to obtain settlement documents

  	g. 	  	Change of Beneficiary

  	 	  	Sent to Obligor and Issuer to designate the Beneficiary as the 
Estate of the Payee

  	E. 	  	Searches

  	1. 	  	NASP

  	a. 	  	Search database for any previous deals by other NASP members.
 
  	b. 	  	Inform Court Order group if any deals show up

  	2. 	  	Westlaw

  	a. 	  	Based on names, AKAs and address found on the credit report we 
will run the UCCs. All relevant hits will be researched.

  	3. 	  	Equifax

  	a. 	  	Credit pull to see if there are any public records, and verify 
social security number, name, address

  	4. 	  	PACER

  	a. 	  	Pull any bankruptcy filings

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	b. 	  	Verifies current status

  	  	The file is transmitted to one of our Outside Counsel.

  	F. 	  	Requirements for Transmittal to Outside Counsel

  	  	  	I . Complete Contract Documents executed properly

  	a. 	  	Absolute Assignment and Security Agreement
 
  	b. 	  	Disclosures
 
  	c. 	  	Best Interest Affidavit
 
  	d. 	  	Court Order Application

  	2. 	  	One of the following Settlement Documents

  	a. 	  	Settlement Agreement and Release
 
  	b. 	  	Annuity Contract
 
  	c. 	  	Benefits Letter

  	3. 	  	IPA letter (if applicable)
 
  	4. 	  	Letter of Support with Proof of Income (if applicable)
 
  	5. 	  	Divorce Paperwork (if applicable)
 
  	6. 	  	Bankruptcy Paperwork or verification of Termination (if 
applicable)
 
  	7. 	  	All Searches performed and clear

  	a. 	  	In the event of any tax liens we will require them to be paid and 
customer must agree to this prior to transmittal

  	G. 	  	Transmittal Package includes

  	1. 	  	Cover Letter to Outside Counsel
 
  	2. 	  	Absolute Assignment and Security Agreement with Disclosures
 
  	3. 	  	Best Interest Affidavit
 
  	4. 	  	Court Order Application
 
  	5. 	  	IPA Letter (if applicable)
 
  	6. 	  	Pre-Notice (if applicable)

  	a. 	  	Several states require a notice of a pending transfer of payments 
to be sent to the Obligor and Issuer prior to filing of a Petition, a copy 
of this letter is provided to our Outside Counsel

  	7. 	  	Any Settlement Documents obtained

  	a. 	  	This package will be scanned and emailed to the Outside Counsel
 
  	b. 	  	Original documents are kept in the customers folder

VI. Court Order Group

  	 	  	Receive conformation that a file has been transmitted to Outside 
Counsel via email from the Transmittal Group.
 
  	 	  	Verify that the transmitted file displays in the Outside Council 
Web Portal.
 
  	 	  	Outside Counsel receives the file and conducts a conflict check.
 
  	 	  	Outside counsel drafts a Petition which is then forwarded to our 
In-House Counsel for review and revisions if necessary.
 
  	 	  	Outside Counsel then files the Petition and inputs the Court 
information via the Web Portal.
 
  	 	  	Court Order Group emails the floor notifying them of the filed 
petition.
 
  	 	  	Court Order Group verifies that the entries are accurate and match 
the

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	information provided in the filed pleadings.
 
  	 	  	Court Order Group receives a Web Portal alert via email that a 
hearing date has been scheduled for a file and verifies the hearing date 
matches the date on the notice of hearing.
 
  	 	  	Court Order Group emails the floor notifying them of the scheduled 
hearing date.
 
  	 	  	If applicable, In-House Counsel forwards a follow up NASP Fraud 
Alert email to the factoring company reported on the NASP report make sure 
there are no conflicts with the payments we are purchasing. Also, the Court 
Oder Group reviews any UCC filings. If there is a filed UCC-1, we negotiate 
with the appropriate factoring company a release of said lien.
 
  	 	  	Court Order Group checks the file to make sure that a copy of the 
filed petition, notice of hearing, and proof of service are located in the 
electronic and physical file.
 
  	 	  	Weeks prior to the hearing, In-House Counsel drafts the Orders and 
submits same to the appropriate Insurance Company for review prior to 
submitting it to the Judge. There are several Insurance Companies that 
draft orders and Stipulations to In-House Counsel for review.
 
  	 	  	Weeks prior to the hearing, Court Order Group verifies that all 
parties are in agreement with the proposed transfer. This includes but not 
limited to Insurance Companies, beneficiaries, dependents, and child 
support arrearages.
 
  	 	  	One week before the hearing date, Court Order Group verifies that 
the Outside Counsel has communicated wit the customer regarding the 
transfer.
 
  	 	  	Two days before the hearing date, Court Order Group confirms that 
matter is ready for the hearing and makes sure that the Outside Counsel has 
a copy of the agrees upon Order.
 
  	 	  	One day before the hearing date, Court Order Group confirms that 
the Outside Counsel has consulted with the customer regarding what to 
expect at the hearing and has answered any questions the customer may have.
 
  	 	  	On the day of the hearing, the In-House Counsel and Court Order 
Group await a response from the Outside Counsel regarding the Judges 
decision.
 
  	 	  	When an approval is granted, Court Oder Group receives a signed 
order and forwards the same to Funding Group for begin the funding process.
 
  	 	  	When the matter is denied, Court Order Group schedules a 
conference call with the Outside Counsel, In-House Counsel and Senior Vice 
President to discuss the judges decision.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Court Order Procedur6s.
Per Relevant Insurance Companies

AEGON Assignment Corporation / AEGON Structured Settlements, Inc. / 
Transamerica Annuity Service Corporation i Transamerica Assurance Company / 
Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company / Transamerica Insurance 
Company / Transamerica Insurance Company of America / Transamerica Life 
Insurance & Annuity company! Transamerica Life Insurance Company / 
Transamerica Life Insurance Company of NY / Transamerica Accidental Life 
Insurance Company / Monumental Life Insurance Company

These insurance companies prepare the Stipulated Orders and forward to 
Imperial for review/ changes. We generally receive the proposal Stipulated 
Order 3-5 business days prior to the hearing.

Current Contacts: Laura Alger /319-355-6959 lalger@Aegonusa.corn
Robin McVeigh / 319-355-5467 rmcveigh@aegonusa.com

Special Notes: Once the order is agreed upon between Imperi.al. and Aegon, 
they will forward stipulated order with their signature to OC via email. 
Imperial begins to touch base with the insurance companies 7-10 business 
days prior to the hearing requesting a proposed stipulated other.

A fully executed Stipulated order is required for Funding purposes.

Aetna Casualty & Surety Co.
See Travelers Casualty and Surety

American General Annuity Insurance Company / American General Annuity 
Service Corporation / American General Assignment Corporation / American 
General Assignment Corporation of New York / American International Life 
Insurance Company / AIG Insurance Company / AIG Life Insurance Company / 
AIG Annuity Insurance Company

Generally, MG drafts the Order and Settlement Agreement Letter (SA) and 
forwards to Imperial, for review/ changes. If we are informed these 
insurance companies intend to object to the transfer; OC will provide the 
proposed Order to Imperial for review.
Current Contacts: strtictu.res®ernhIlp.com
Special Notes: Imperial begins to touch base with AIG 7-10 business days 
prior to the hearing asking if they want us to draft the Order/SA.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     For most transactions in Texas, AO Gen is not represented by DBR. but 
are represented by Bracewell & Guliani Bracewell & C3ihani drafts those 
orders/ SAs.

A fully executed Settlement Agreement letter is required for Funding: 
purposes. OC must obtain customers, signature on the SA at the hearing.

Allstate Assignment Company /Allstate Indemnity Company / Allstate. 
Insurance Company / Allstate Life Insurance Company / Allstate Life 
Insurance Company Of NY / Allstate Settlement Corporation

Imperial drafts .a proposed Stipulation and Order and forward to Allstates 
Counsel, Drinker & Reath (DBR), for their review/ changes.

Current Contacts: Ingrid Hopkinson, Esq. (DBR)/ 610-993-2225
ingridlopkinson@dbr.com, Lisa Stern (DBR) / 610-993-1236
lisa.stern dbr.com

Special Notes: A fully executed. Stipulation is required for Funding 
purposes. OC must obtain customers signature on stipulation at the 
hearing.

Aviva Assignment Corporation / Aviva Life Insurance Company / Aviva Life 
Insurance Company of NY / Aviva London Assignment Corporation.

DBR drafts Stipulation and Order and forwards to Imperial for review/ 
changes.

Current Contacts: Jenifer Smith, Esq.. (DBR)/ 215-988-3397 
jennifer.smith@dbr.com

Special Notes: A fully executed Indemnification Agreement is required for 
Funding Purposes., OC must obtain customers signature on the 
Indemnification Agreement at the hearing.

CNA Group Life Assurance Company / CNA Structured. Settlements, Inc. / 
Continental Assurance Company / Continental Casualty Company / Continental 
Insurance Company Continental. Insurance Company of NJ / Continental loss 
Adjusting Services, Inc.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

These insurance companies counsel, Drinker Biddle & Reath, will draft the 
Stipulation and Order and forward to imperial for review/ changes.

Current Contacts: Kevin Golden,,Esq. /215-988-3367 kevin.golden@dbr.com

Special Notes: imperial begins to touch base with Kevin 7-10 business days 
prior to the hearing requesting the proposed Stipulation and Order. A fully 
executed Stipulation is required for Funding purposes.

OC must obtain customers signature on the Stipulation at the hearing

Farmers Insurance company / Farmers Fire Insurance Company

Farmers drafts the Stipulation and Order. Petition and Order must contain 
Washington compliance/ findings.

Current Contacts: structured.settlements@farmersinsurance.com; Steven 
Driggers/ 206-275-8142 steven.driggers@farmersinsurance.com

Firemans Fund Insurance Company! Firemans Insurance Company of Newark, NJ

Firemans is either represented by Vicki Astorga or Drinker Biddle & Reath, 
When represented by Vicki Astorga, Imperial will draft the Stipulation and 
Order. If represented by Drinker Biddle and Reath, specifically, Nicole 
Lanzalotti, Esquire, she will provide Stipulation and Order for Imperials 
review.

Current Contacts: Vicki Astorga/ 415-899-2951 vastorga@ffic.com;. Nicole 
Lanzalotti, Esquire / 610-993,3415-nicole.lanzalotti@dbr.com

Special Notes: Imperial begins to touch base with Vicki Astorga and/or 
Nicole Lanzalotti 10-15 business days prior to the hearing to determine 
which one of them is handling the matters for Firemens.

If a Stipulation is required, it must be fully executed for Funding 
purposes and OC must obtain the customers signature on. the Stipulation at 
the hearing.

Hartford Accident &;Indemnity-Company 1 Hartford Casualty Insurance Company 
/ Hartford Fire insurance Company! Hartford Insurance Company(s) / Hartford 
Life and Accident Insurance Company / Hartford Life Insurance Company/ 
Hartford Lloyds Insurance Company / Hartford

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Underwriters Insurance Company / Hartford Comprehensive Employee Ben. Svc. 
Company

Petition and Order must contain Connecticut compliance/ findings. If 
Hartford is being represented by LeBoeuf, Lamb, Green & MacRae, they will 
prepare the Order and forward for Imperials review/ changes. If not 
represented by LeBoeuf, Imperial will draft a proposed Hartford type 
Order.

Current Contacts at Hartford sscompliance@hartfordlife.com; at LeBoeuf: 
Kevin Lenehan / 860-293-3732 klenehan@llgm.corn and/or Johanna Nejamy/ 
860-293-3 598 jnajamy@llgm.com

Special Notes Imperial contacts Hartford 10-15 business days prior to the 
hearing to verify if LeBoeuf is representing Hartford in a transaction. If 
not, Imperial is to provide proposed order as soon as possible.

Insurance Company of North America / Life Insurance Company of New York.

Drinker Biddle & Reath prepares the proposed Stipulation and Order and 
forwards it to Imperial for review/ changes.

Current Contacts: Jennifer Smith / 215-988-3397 jennifer.smith@dbr.com

Special Notes: Imperial begins to touch base with Jennifer 7-10 business 
days prior to the hearing requesting the proposed Stipulation and Order. A 
fully executed Stipulation is required for Funding purposes. OC must obtain 
the customers signature on the stipulation at the hearing.

Liberty Assignment Corporation/ Liberty Life Insurance Company of Boston/ 
Liberty Life Insurance Company! Liberty Mutual Insurance Company / Sun Life 
Assurance Company of Canada / LM Property and Casualty Insurance Company 
(where Prudential is not the issuer)

Prudential Assignment Settlement Services: Corporation / Prudential 
Insurance Company of America I Prudential Property & Casualty/ Prudential 
Structured Settlements! LM Property and Casualty Insurance Company where 
Prudential is the annuity issuer

Imperial drafts the Stipulation and Order and forwards it to Libertys 
representatives for review.

Current Contacts for Liberty: Jayson Paquette/ 800-451-7065 ext 30862

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

jaysonpaquette®LibertyMutual.com  for LM Property: Steve Rusconi/ 
617-757-46673 Steven.Ruscotti@LibertyMutual.com

Special Notes: A fully executed Stipulation is required for Funding 
purposes. OC must obtain the customers signature on the stipulation at the 
hearing.

Reliance Insurance Company (In Liquidation)

Imperial prepares. Order. Reliance requires special language in the Order. 
Imperial forwards the proposed Order to Reliance for their review/ changes.

Current contact: Claire Rocco, Esq./ Claire.rocco@relianceinsurance.com

Special notes: Imperial must-forward 6 proposed Order to Reliance as soon 
as possible.

Royal Insurance Company of America / Royal Life Insurance Company of 
America.

Their counsel, Drinker, Biddle & Reath will draft the Stipulation and Order 
and forward to Imperial for review/ changes.

Current Contacts: Nicole Lanzalotti, Esquire / 215-988-652 
nicolelanzalotti@dbr.com
Special Notes: Imperial begins to touch base with Nicole 740 business days 
prior to the hearing requesting the proposed Stipulation and Order.

A fully executed Stipulation is required for Funding purposes. OC must 
obtain customers signature on the stipulation at the hearing.

State Farm Fire & Casualty Company / State Farm General Insurance Company / 
State Farm Insurance Company/ State Farm Life Assurance Company / State 
Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company

OC prepares Order. State. Farm. prepares and forwards the Stipulation to OC 
and Imperial.
Current Contacts: home.law-structure-settlement.566o00@statefarm.com

Special Notes: A fully executed Stipulation is required for Funding 
purposes. OC must obtain customers signature on the stipulation at the 
hearing.

Transamerica see AEGON

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Travelers Casualty & Surety / Travelers Indemnity Company / Travelers 
Property & Casualty and Aetna Property & Casualty Insurance

Travelers will provide Imperial the propped Order for review/ changes.

Current Contact: Meri Beth Shakespeare/ 443-353-1935 mshakesp@travelers.com

Special Notes: Imperial begins to touch base with Meri Beth 7-10 business 
days prior to the hearing to request proposed Order

Travelers Life & Annuity Company and Travelers Insurance Company 
(Citigroup)

Travelers prepares Order with. Travelers language and forwards proposed 
Order to Imperial for review/changes

Current Contact: Merl Beth Shakespeare/ 443-353-1935 
rnsbakesp@travelers.com

United States Fidelity & Guarantee Company (USF&G)

Travelers Counsel, Hogan & Hartsin, LLP will provide the proposed Order to 
Imperial for review/changes

Current Contacts: Dennis Robinson, Esquire / 410-659-2722 
dmrobinson@hhlaw.com

Special Notes: Imperial begins to touch base with Dennis 7-10 business days 
prior to the hearing to request proposed Order.

All other Insurance Companies

For all other insurance companies, will say when they choose to make an 
appearance in a case, Imperial shall draft the proposed Orders and forward 
to insurance company representatives for review and approval prior to the 
hearing.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SAMPLE
Court Order

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


STATE-OF:MICHIGAN
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR THE COUNTY OF INGHAM
  	  	 
 
  	 
WASHINGTON SQUARE FINANCIAL, LLC,
d/b/a Imperial Structured Settlements, LLC,
  	File No. 08-1581-CZ
a Florida Limited Liability Company authorized to transact business in 
Michigan
  	Hon. James R. Giddings
 
  	 
Petitioner,
  	 
 
  	 
In re:                ,
  	 
 
  	 
Transferor,
  	 


Final Order Approving Transfer of
Structured Settlement Payments

     AND NOW, this day of January, 2008, upon consideration of the 
unopposed petition of Washington Square Financial, LLC d/b/a Imperial 
Structured Settlements, LLC (Imperial) the Court hereby finds as follows:

     1. The transfer of the structured settlement proceeds, specifically, 
One Hundred Twenty (120) monthly payments of Four Hundred Seventeen and 
79/100 Dollars ($417.79) commencing on December 4, 2015 through and 
including November 4, 2025 (the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments) by     
                 (Mr.                          ) to Imperial as described 
in the petition in. this matter (the Proposed Transfer) (i) does not 
contravene any applicable Federal or State statute or the order of any 
court or responsible governmental or administrative authority, and ii) is 
in the best interest of Mr.                     , taking into account the 
welfare and support of Mr.                     dependents, if any.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     2. The. Proposed Transfer complies With the requirements of the 
Revised Michigan Structured Settlement Protection Act, MCL §691.130.1, et 
seq. (the Michigan Transfer Act):

     3. Not less than three (3) days before Mr.                     signed 
the transfer. agreement (the Transfer Agreement), Imperial provided to 
Mr:                      a separate disclosure statement, in bold type.* 
least 14 Points in Size, setting forth:

(a): amounts and -due dates of the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments;

(b) the aggregate amount of the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments;

(c) the discounted present value of the Assigned Life-Contingent, 
identified as the calculation of the current value of the transferred 
structured settlement Payments under federal standards for valuing 
annuities and the amount of the applicable federal rate used in 
calculating such discounted present value;

(d) the gross advance amount;

(e) an itemized listing all applicable transfer expenses, other than 
attorneys fees and related disbursements payable in connection with 
Imperials application for approval of the Proposed Transfer, and 
Imperials best estimate of the amount of those expenses;

(f) the net advance amount;

(g) the amount of any penalties or liquidated damages payable by Mr.        
             in the event of any breach of the Transfer Agreement by Mr.    
                 ; and

(h) a statement that Mr.                     has the right to cancel the 
Transfer Agreement, without penalty or further obligation, not later than 
the third, business day after the Transfer Agreement is signed by Mr.       
             

     4. Mr.                     as established that the Proposed Transfer 
is in the best interests of Mr.                     , taking into account 
the welfare and support of Mr.                     dependants, if any.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     5. Mr.                     has been advised in writing by Imperial to 
seek independent professional advice regarding the Proposed. Transfer and 
has either received such or knowingly waived his right to such advice in 
writing.

     6. The discount rate or rates used in determining the discounted 
present value of the Structured Settlement payments to be transferred do 
not exceed 25% per year.

     5. At least twenty days prior to the scheduled hearing on the 
application, for authorization of the transfer of structured settlement 
Payments rights, Imperial filed with, the Court and served on all 
interested parties, a. notice of the Proposed Transfer and the application 
for its authorization, including in such notice:

  	(a) 	  	a copy of Imperials application;
 
  	(b) 	  	a copy of the Transfer Agreement;
 
  	(c) 	  	a copy of the disclosure statement rewired under section 3;
 
  	(d) 	  	a hating of each of Mr.                     dependents, together 
with each dependents age;
 
  	(e) 	  	notice that any interested party entitled to support, oppose, or 
otherwise respond to Imperials application., either in person or by 
counsel, by submitting written comments : to the court or by participating 
in the hearing; and
 
  	(f) 	  	notice of the time and place of the hearing and notification of 
the Manner in which and the time by Which written responses to the 
application must be filed to be considered by the Court.

     6. Imperial has assigned to Imperial Receivables I, LLC (Imperial 
Receivables) all of its rights under the Transfer Agreement and the right 
to receive the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments.

Based on the foregoing findings, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     1. Pursuant to the Michigan Transfer Act, the Proposed Transfer is 
approved. During the period the structured settlement payment rights are 
being assigned or encumbered pursuant to the transaction at issue; the 
designated beneficiary under annuity contract number                      
issued by Auto-Owners Life Insurance Company (Auto-Owners Life) and owned 
by Auto-Owners Insurance Company (Auto-Owners Insurance) (Auto-Owners Life 
and. Auto Owners Insurance are referred to collectively as Auto-Owners) 
shall be the Estate of                     .

     2. Auto-Owners shall forward the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments; 
within 7 days of the date due, by check made payable to Imperial 
Receivables I, LLC 701 Park of Commerce Blvd, Suite 301, Boca Raton, 
Florida. 33487 (Tax T.D. No. 26- 3762492) (Designated Address), as 
follows:

  	 	  	One Hundred Twenty (120)monthly payments of Four Hundred Seventeen 
and 79/100 Dollars 0417.119) commencing an December 4, 2015, through and 
including November 4, 2025.

     3. Imperial Receivables is authorized to make-subsequent assignments 
(a Reassignment) or transfers of the Assigned life-Contingent Payments. 
However, if Imperial Receivables is merged with or acquired by -another 
individual or entity, or for traditional address change purposes the 
Designated Address is no longer valid (i.e., if Imperial Receivables moves 
or for other reasons the Designated Address is no longer a viable address 
for Imperial Receivables to receive payment), Auto-owners will make the 
Assigned Like-Contingent Payments to a new address, only if Mr.             
         is alive at the time the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments are 
due,

     4. All remaining Periodic Payments (and/or portions thereof), if any, 
that are not the subject of the Proposed Transfer and not previously 
assigned shall be made payable to Mr.                      and will be 
forwarded by Auto-Owners as they become: due, to

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Mr.                     most recent known address or any payment address 
designated by Mr.                      , subject to the Consent of 
Auto-Owners.

     5. Concurrent with this order, every One Hundred Twenty (120) days 
thereafter, Imperial shall provide Auto-Owners with written confirmation, 
contemporaneously signed by and notarized, that Mr.                      
is alive (the Required Confirmation). Each Required Confirmation will be 
sent to the attention of Auto-Owners, 6101 Anacapri Boulevard; P.0, Box 
30660, Lansing, MI 48909 (or such other address designated by Auto-Owners 
in a written notice to Imperial) Mr.                      and Imperial 
shall cooperate with one another and with Auto-Owners far purposes of 
providing each Required Confirmation.

     6. In the event that Imperial acquired information indicating that Mr. 
                     has died, Imperial shall immediately provide 
Auto-Owners with this information in writing.

     7. If Imperial fails to provide the Required Confirmation that Mr.     
                 is alive, or if Auto-Owners has any reasonable basis to 
believe that Mr.                      died, Auto-Owners may suspend the 
Assigned Life-Contingent Payments until Auto-Owners has received the 
Required Confirmation of Mr.          survival.

     8. In any event, to the extent that any Assigned Life-Contingent 
Payments are made by Auto-Owners to Imperial after the death of Mr.         
             , Imperial will reimburse Auto-Owners with funds in the amount 
of those Assigned Life-Contingent Payments.

     9. Imperial, on its own behalf and on behalf of imperial Receivables, 
shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Auto-Owners and their directors, 
shareholders,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

officers, agents, employees, servants, successors and assigns, and any 
parent, subsidiary, or affiliate thereof, and their directors, 
shareholders, officers, agents, employees, servants, successors, and 
assigns, past and present, from and against any and all liability, 
including but not limited to costs and reasonable attorneys fees, for any 
and all claims made in connection with, related to, or arising out of the 
Transfer Agreement, the Proposed Transfer, the Assigned Life-Contingent 
Payments, any Reassignment, or Auto-Owners compliance with this other, 
except with respect. to claims Imperial or Imperial Receivables against the 
Auto-Owners to enforce the Auto-Owners obligations to Imperial an Imperial 
Receivables under this Order.

     10. Auto-Owners lack of opposition to this matter, or their or 
Imperials or Imperial Receivables stipulation hereto or compliance 
herewith, shall not constitute evidence in this or any matter; and is not 
intended to constitute evidence in this or any matter, that:

     a. payment§ under a structured :settlement contract or annuity or 
related contracts can be assigned or that anti-assignment or 
anti-encumbrance provisions in structured settlement contracts or 
annuities or -related contracts are not valid and enforceable; or

     b. other transactions entered into by Imperial and Imperial 
Receivables and their customers constitute valid sales and/or secured 
transactions; or

     c. Auto-Owners have waived any right in connection with any other 
litigation or claims; or

     d. Imperial or Imperial Receivables has waived any right other than as 
expressly set forth in this Order.

     11. Imperial, Imperial Receivables, and Mr.                     , for 
themselves and for their respective directors, shareholders, officers, 
agents, employees, servants, successors,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

heirs, beneficiaries; contingent beneficiaries, executors, trustees, 
administrators, and assigns, and any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate 
thereof. And their directors, shareholders, officers, agents, employees, 
servants, successors, heirs; beneficiaries, contingent beneficiaries, 
executors, trustees, administrators; and assigns, past and present (the 
Releasors), hereby remise, releaseand forever discharge Auto-Owners, and 
their directors, shareholders, officers, agents, employees, servants, 
successors and assigns, and any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate thereof, 
and their directors, shareholders, officers, agents, employees, Servants, 
successors, and assign, past and present (the Releasees) of and from any 
and all manner of actions, and causes of action, suits, debts, dues, 
accounts, bonds, covenants, contracts,. agreements, judgments, settlements, 
damage claims, and demands whatsoever, in law or in equity, in connection 
with, related to, or arising out of any claim or allegation that was or 
could have been asserted in connection with, related to, or arising out of 
the Transfer Agreement the Assigned Life-Contingent Payments, the Proposed 
Transfer, which against each other or the releasees, the Releasors have or 
had from the beginning of the world through the date of this Order, except 
for claims of Releasors against the Releasees to enforce the Releasees 
obligations to Releasors, if any, under this Order.


DONE IN OPEN COURT this       day of January, 2008.


 
Judge

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


[(GRAPHIC)]
DISCLOSURE : *** (ME)::, Aaineir30 days10*** 20 days 20 days 10 (MA) 
Massachusetts 20 days (MI) Michigan 3 Yes 20 days (MN) Minnesota 10 20 days 
3 (MS) Mississippi 20 days 10 (MO) Missouri 20 days 3 (MT) Montana *** 20 
days (NE) Nebraska Age of MaJority IO: 7 days (NV) Nevada (NHY: , NeW. , 
:flaMatiir e;:1t NO STATUTE 20 days (NJ) New Jersey 3 20 days 3 (NM) New 
Mexico Disclosures sent 3 ways Bronx County: need IPA 20 days (NY) New York 
10 Post 1999 settlements: Rate on Net < Prime + 5% 30 days (NC) North 
Carolina 10 20 days (ND) North Dakota 3 Jackson County: need R&S Franklin 
County: need ILA instead of IPA 20 days 10 20 days (OK) Oklahoma 3 20 days 
(OR) Oregon 3 20 days (PA) Pennsylvania 10 20 days 3 SRI) Rhode Island 20 
days (SC) South Carolina 3 20 days 3 (SD) South Dakota 20 days 10 (TN) 
Tennessee 20 days 3 (TX) Texas 20 days (UT) Utah (VT) Vermqnt 3 ISTATUTE 20 
days 3 (VA) Virginia 20 days 3 (WA) Washington *** 14 (WV) West Virginia 
NO STATUTE 1 20 days 3 (WY) Wyoming

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Insurance Company Matrix
Updated 4/2/10
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Split 	  	Conference 	  	Do We 	  	Who drafts 	  	Admin 	  	 
insurance Company_ 	  	Payments? 	  	Calls 	  	atie 	  	order? 	  	Fees 	  	
Comments
AEGON /Transamerica
/
Monument
  	ONLY ONCE 	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	Will split 
between customer and ONE company only
AIG / AinGen
  	NO 	  	YES 	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	*AIG/ArnGen domiciled 
in DE will split; AIG/AmGen in NY will split if thru DE entity
Allstate
  	YES 	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	US 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	 
Arnica
  	NO 	  	  	  	NO 	  	US 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
Arrowood Indemnity
  	  	  	  	  	YES 	  	US 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
Aurora
  	YES 	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Aviva
  	** 	  	  	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	**Will split lumps but 
not monthlies
Berkshire & Hathaway
  	  	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	BHG will try to steal the deal at 
petition filed
Canada Life
  	YES 	  	Will fax to us in
3-5 business
days 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Cigna
  	  	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	If INA is involved, double 
admin fees of $625/ea apply ($1250 in total Res)
Confederation Life
  	  	  	  	  	YES 	  	US 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
Continental Assurance
  	  	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
Farmers
  	YES 	  	YES 	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	Additional $250 admin 
fee
required for any split payments PER SPLIT
Firemans Fund
  	NO 	  	  	  	YES 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Genworth
  	YES 	  	YES 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	Will not split payments if 
stream involves a COLA
Hartford
  	YES 	  	YES 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Household Life
  	NO 	  	  	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
ENG
  	  	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Integrity
  	NO 	  	  	  	NO 	  	US 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
John Hancock
  	NO 	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	600.00 	  	  	 
Liberty Mutual
  	NO 	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	US 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	Will not sign stip until 
we
send them signed order
Life Insurance Co of North America
  	  	  	  	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	 
Lincoln National
  	NO 	  	  	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	600.00 	  	  	 
Met Life
  	YES 	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	Does not review order 
prior to hearing
Mutual of Omaha
  	YES 	  	YES 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	If a stream has a COLA, they 
require us to buy it
Nationwide
  	YES 	  	YES 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	Does not review order 
prior to hearing
NY Life
  	YES 	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	$ 	500,00 	  	  	Will not split payments if 
stream involves a COLA
OM Financial
  	NO 	  	YES 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Pacific Life
  	NO 	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	US 	  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	 
Presidential Life
  	YES 	  	  	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	Will not split payments if 
stream involves a COLA
Prudential
  	NO 	  	YES 	  	YES 	  	THEM 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	 
State Farm
  	ONLY ONCE 	  	NO 	  	YES 	  	US 	  	$ 	750.00 	  	  	Admin fee does not 
apply if State Farm is ONLY the obligor
Symetra
  	YES 	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	$ 	900.00 	  	  	Additional admit) fees are 
required for any split payments, and for ALL life-contingent deals
Tennessee Farmers
  	NO 	  	YES 	  	NO 	  	US 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Travelers
  	  	  	NO 	  	NO 	  	THEM 	  	  	  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

VII. Funding Group

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


FORMS

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Lead Introduction Letter

Tuesday, June 08, 2010

Dear ,

Let me take a moment to introduce myself and Imperial Structured 
Settlements, At Imperial, we strive to help individuals who are receiving 
payments from a structured settlement (personal injury, car accident, 
wrongful death or malpractice) or self owned annuity get a lump sum of 
money now.

We understand that people, through no fault of their own sometimes find 
themselves in tough financial situations. With great success, we have 
helped people in a variety of circumstances and want to do the same for 
you. Whether you need money to reduce credit card debt, pay medical bills, 
funds for education, or purchase a vehicle, let us provide you with the 
best cash option for your financial needs.

If you want top dollar for your current and/or future payments, please 
contact me on my toll-free direct line at (561) 982-3322 between 9:00 a.m. 
 6:00 p.m. EST, Monday through Friday, or e-mail me at tfleming@imprl.com 
To learn more about our company, please visit our website at 
www.ImperialStructuredSettlements.com.

Thank you for your time and I look forward to speaking with you soon.

We work for you, because youre worth it!

Best regards,

Tracy Fleming
Account Executive
(561) 982-3322.Toll Free Direct
Toll Free Fax
tfleming®imprl.com

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Customer Intro Letter

June 14, 2010

Dear ,

It was a pleasure speaking with you. I am writing to remind you that I am 
here to provide you suitable cash options for your future payments. At 
Imperial we continually help people who, through no fault of their own, 
find themselves in tough financial situations.

We can help you meet your financial needs and goals. Our senior management 
team has a combined 25+ years of experience. As pioneers in the industry, 
Imperial has revolutionized the time required for the Structured Settlement 
process by shortening it from 120 days down to 40.

Please feel free to contact me on my toll-free direct line at 850-475-8384 
between 9:00  6:00 p.m. or email at tfleming@imprl.com. To learn more 
about our company, visit us on the web at 
www.ImperialStructuredSettlements.com.

Warmest Regards,

Tracy Fleming
Account Executive
(561) 982-3322 Toll Free Direct
866-704-0772 Toll Free Fax

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Account Executive Customer Follow up Letter

Tuesday, June 08, 2010

Dear ,

Let me take a moment to introduce myself and Imperial Structured 
Settlements. At Imperial, we strive to help individuals who are receiving 
payments from a structured settlement (personal injury, car accident, 
wrongful death or malpractice) or self owned annuity get a lump sum of 
money now.

We understand that people, through no fault of their own sometimes find 
themselves in tough financial situations. With great success, we have 
helped people in a variety of circumstances and want to do the same for 
you. Whether you need money to reduce credit card debt, pay medical bills, 
funds for education, or purchase a vehicle, let us provide you with the 
best cash option for your financial needs.

If you want top dollar for your current and/or future payments, please 
contact me on my toll-free direct line at (561) 982-3322 between 9:00 a.m. 
 6:00 p.m. EST, Monday through Friday, or e-mail me at tfleming@imprl.com 
. To learn more about our company, please visit our website at 
www.ImperialStructuredSettlements.com.

Thank you for your time and I look forward to speaking with you soon.

We work for you, because youre worth it!

Best regards,

Tracy Fleming
Account Executive
(561) 982-3322 Toll Free Direct
Toll Free Fax
tfleming@imprl.com

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


CLOSING SUBMISSION FORM

C   Submitted to Funding                       By:

C   Approved For Funding                     By:

0   Prehearing Review

 
 
 
 
 
 

C   Rejected from funding for:

 
 
 
 

O   Resubmitted to Funding                     By:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Date: 5/2012010 12:00:00 AM
Account Executive: Danis Inesedy
CustomerNa e:          
CustomerID:           	  	[(IMPERIAL LOGO)]
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
General Information: 	  	Guaranteed Summary: 	  	Life Contingent Summary: 	
  	Deal Totals Summary:
Gender: Male
  	Gross Amount: Net 	  	Gross Amount $25,439.43 	  	Gross Amount 
$25,439.43
Date of Birth:11.11
  	Amount: 	  	Net Amount $24,239.43 	  	Net Amount $24,239.43
Owner  INA Surplus Insurance
  	Eff Rate: % 	  	Eff Rate: 23.99% 	  	Profit: $9,966.29
Company
  	Avg Dur: 	  	Avg Dur: 	  	Legal Fees: $1,000.00
Issuer: First Colony Life Insurance
  	Legal Fees: 	  	Legal Fees: $1,000.00 	  	Processing Fees: $200.00
Company
  	Processing Fees: 	  	Processing Fees: $200.00 	  	Total Fees: 1200.00
Issuer Code: GEL
  	Quotient % 	  	Quotient: 34.53% 	  	 
State: FL
  	IRS Rate: 3.40% 	  	IRS Rate: 3.40% 	  	Chards Eligibility:
# of Funded Deals:
  	IRS PV: 	  	IRS PV: $70,206.52 	  	Age:          
Purchase Type: Life Contingent
  	Profit: 	  	Profit: $9,966.29 	  	Income:          
Head Injury: No
  	  	  	  	  	Last Payment
35% Total: 42000
  	  	  	  	  	Quad/Para: No
 
  	  	  	  	  	Approved Issuer: R4kS
 
  	  	  	  	  	Date: 5/16/1983
 
  	  	  	  	  	R&S State: FL
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Comments:
  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	No
 
  	  	  	Approved 	  	for 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	
 
  	Processing: 	  	Yes 	  	Date 	  	_______________
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Approved : 	  	  	  	  	  	_______________
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	
 
  	Approved by: 	  	  	  	  	  	_______________
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	
 
  	Signature: 	  	  	  	  	  	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AWARDED PAYMENT STREAMS
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	 
Payment Type 	  	Amount 	  	# of PMTS 	  	Start Date 	  	End Date 	  	Life 
Cont 	  	COLA 	  	Cola Adj
  Monthly
  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	  	240 	  	  	  	6/1/1998 	  	  	  	5/1/2003 	  	  	  	
0 	  	  	  	0.00 	  	  	Annual
  Monthly
  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	  	720 	  	  	  	6/1/2003 	  	  	  	5/1/2063 	  	  	  	
1 	  	  	  	0.00 	  	  	Annual


AWARDED PAYMENT STREAMS PURCHASED
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	 
Payment Type 	  	Amount 	  	# of PMTS 	  	Start Date 	  	End Date 	  	Life 
Cont 	  	COLA 	  	Cola Adj
  Monthly
  	$ 	500.00 	  	  	  	180 	  	  	  	9/1/2010 	  	  	  	8/1/2025 	  	  	  	
1 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Structured Settlement
COURT ORDER APPLICATION

Background Info:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Your name:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	First 	  	Middle 	  	Last 	  	 

Maiden name or alias: ____________________
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name on your SS card or Tax Return:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	First 	  	Middle 	  	Last 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Address:
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Street Address 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	City 	  	State Zip 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Home:
  	Work: 	  	Cell: 	  	Alternate: 	  	 
  	  	 
E-mail address:
  	 
 
  	 
Social Security Number:
  	Date of Birth:
 
  	 
Emergency contact name:
  	Phone:
 
  	 
Relationship: ____
  	 

Structured Settlement info:
  	  	 
Name of attorney that handled this matter for you:
  	 
 
  	Phone Number:
City/State where attorney practices:
  	 
 
  	 
Who did you sue?
  	 
      What year did the accident happen in?
  	 
 
  	 
Where was the case settled (city, county, state)?,
  	 
Who is the current beneficiary of your payments?
  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Income & Dependent Info:
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Income:
  	Job $
SSI $ 	  	Annuity $            Spouse $
 Disability $ 	  	Total Monthly $
  	Rental $ 	  	  Child Support $ 	  	 
  	Alimony $ 	  	    Pension $ 	  	Total Annual $

Do you own or rent?
          Mortgage/Rent payment: $/mo

Do you live rent-free?
          If YES, who do you live with?
                              relationship:

Do you have any minor children or dependents?
  	  	 
NAME: 	  	AGE:
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	 

Do they live with you?                     

          If NO, who do they live with?

(name)

(address)

Do you pay child support?
          If YES, how much? $ /ma

          Paid to (individual):

          Paid to (agency):
  	  	  	  	 
  	____________________
(address)
  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 

Do you owe any money in back child support?

          If YES, how much. do you owe? $

Are your annuity payments being deducted/garnished to pay for child support 
or arrearages?

          If YES, how much is being deducted? $ /mo

Employment Info:

Are you working?

          If YES:

          Current Occupation:

How long?

          Employees Full Business Name: __________
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Employees Address: 	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	address 	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	city 	  	state 	  	zip 	  	 

          What is your current annual salary?: $ /year

          If NO:

          Why?                     

          Are you employable?

Employment history what other jobs have you had?

Are you disabled?

          If YES, what is the nature of the disability?

Do you support yourself without relying on anyone elses salary or income?

          If YES, how?

          For how long?

How far did you get In school?

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Marriage Info:

               Marital Status (please check one)

                         Spouses name:

          Spouses address:

What is your spouses occupation?
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  Employers Address: 	  	 	  	 
 
  	  	  	city 	  	state

          What is their current annual salary? $         /year

Have you ever been divorced?          If YES, how many times:

          Former spouses name:

          Location of filing of divorce (City/State):

          Date of filing (month/year):

          Former spouses name:

          Location of filing of divorce (City/State):

          Date of filing (month/year):

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Miscellaneous Info:

Do you have any liens or judgments against you?

          If YES, amount?           $        per

          By who?                              

Have you ever filed for bankruptcy?

          If YES, when? _____

          What state?

Do you have any tax liens? If

          YES, how much? $

          What state?

Have you previously sold any of your structured settlement payments? If

          YES, to who?

Have your annuity payments ever previously been garnished?

Is there any other individual entitled to a portion of any of your 
payments?

          If YES, who?

          Where do they live?

Have you received any payments from your structured settlement in the past 
12 months?

          if YES, how much? $

          What did you do with the money?

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Medical Info:

Do you currently depend on your annuity payments for any medical 
necessities?
Have you ever been in a coma?

Have you ever had a serious head injury?

     If YES, please explain:

     If YES, please supply the name, relationship and contact information 
of 2 personal references that Imperial may contact.

     IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD A SERIOUS HEAD INJURY PLEASE SKIP THE REST OF THIS 
SECTION.

Name of proposed reference:

How long have you known him/her years.

Whats their relationship to you

(ex: Parent! Spouse/ Brother! Sister/ Daughter/ Son/ Aunt/ Uncle! Employer! 
Co-Worker/Priest/ Rabbi! Physician)
  	  	  	  	 
Address:
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	address 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	city      state     zip 	  	 

     Phone 1) Phone 2)

Name of proposed reference:

How long have you known him/her? years.
Whats their relationship to you:                                           
                 
(ex: Parent/ Spouse/ Brother/ Sister/ Daughter/ Son/ Aunt/ Uncle! Employer/ 
Co-Worker/Priest/ Rabbi! Physician)
  	  	  	  	 
Address:
  	  	  	 
 
  	address 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	city      state     zip 	  	 
Phone 1)
  	Phone 2) 	  	 

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

It is understood and agreed by you that (a) To the best of your knowledge 
and belief all of the statements and answers on this application are true, 
complete and accurately stated; (b) These statements and answers are used 
in accordance with the proposed transfer of your structured settlement 
benefits, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Absolute 
Assignment entered into between you and us, and in so doing, we will rely 
on the truthfulness of your statements and answers.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Signature of applicant:
  	  	  	Date: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AFFIDAVIT HELPER SECTION

Please describe in detail what led to your structured settlement:


WHY DO YOU NEED THE MONEY  WHAT WILL YOU DO WITH IT?

(Please be *VERY DETAILED* in exactly how this money will be spent down to 
the dollar or this will be returned to you. Ask the customer WHO, WHAT, 
WHEN, WHERE, WHY and HOW III)

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
ALABAMA

DATE PROVIDED: 05/20/2010

PAYEE:                                          

This Disclosure Statement is being provided by Washington Square Financial, 
LLC dba IMPERIAL STRUCTURED SETTLEMENTS Imperial or Us) to              
                                                  , (Payee or You) in 
connection with Payees agreement to transfer and sell to Imperial certain 
structured settlement payment rights due Payee.

     1. Schedule of Payments Transferred. The Payee intends to transfer or 
sell to Imperial all of Payees rights, title and interest in the following 
payments:

     2. Aggregate Amount of Payments Transferred. The aggregate amount of 
payments to be sold and transferred to Imperial totals .

     3. Discounted Present Value. The discounted present value of the 
aggregate payments sold and transferred at 3.40% is . The discounted 
present value is the calculation of current value of the sold and 
transferred structured settlement payments under federal standards for 
valuing annuities. THIS IS NOT THE RATE USED TO CALCULATE THE PURCHASE 
PRICE.

     4. Calculation of Discounted Present Value. The discounted present 
value of payments shall be calculated as follows: The applicable federal 
rate used in calculating the discounted present value is 3.40%.

     5. Gross Amount Payable. In exchange for these payments, the Payee 
will receive the gross amount of , which represents a nominal annual 
discount rate of % assuming monthly compounding and an assumed funding date 
of 05/20/2010. Funding will not occur until everything necessary under the 
Absolute Sale and Security Agreement has taken place.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6. Fees and Expenses. The Payee will be responsible for the following 
approximate commissions, charges, fees, expenses, and costs in connection 
with the closing of this transaction:

Legal Fees 
Processing Fees 

     7. Net Amount Payable. The net amount payable to Payee after the 
deduction of all commissions, fees, costs, expenses and charges described 
in paragraph 6 of this disclosure is .

     8. . Right To Cancel. The Payee shall have the right to cancel the 
Absolute Sale and Security Agreement, without penalty or further 
obligation, not later than the third (3rd) business day, after the Absolute 
Sale and Security Agreement is signed by the Payee.

     9. Penalty In The Event Of Breach Of Contract. The amount of any 
penalty and the aggregate amount of any liquidated damages (inclusive of 
penalties), payable to Imperial, by the Payee in the event of the Payees 
breach of the transfer agreement are NONE.

     10. Independent Professional Advice. The Payee understands that Payee 
should consult with Payees own attorney, certified public accountant, 
actuary, or other professional adviser concerning the legal, tax, and 
financial implications of a sale and transfer of structured settlement 
payment rights, including the federal and state income tax consequences of 
a sale and transfer if he/she or the Settlement Obligor/Issuer is domiciled 
in a State that requires the payee to receive such consultation.

I have read and understand everything set forth in this Disclosure 
Statement.

Dated:                         

          

               


[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

June 11, 2010
          
          
Pensaco a, F 3253

Dear           

As discussed, your state requires that we jointly obtain a court order 
approving the transfer of your settlement payments. With your assistance we 
can get this done as quickly as possible.

First, before you begin to sign anything we recommend that you speak with 
your Contract Specialist, Jen Keller, at the following toll free number 
(866) 428-7977.

Ms. Keller will go over the documents with you to ensure that all of the 
documents are explained to you and signed correctly.

Please read all of the documents carefully to confirm that you understand 
and agree to them. We suggest that if you have additional questions or 
concerns that your attorney or other professional advisor review them with 
you further, including but not limited to the following documents:

  	1. 	  	Absolute Assignment & Security Agreement
 
  	2. 	  	Disclosure Statement(s)
 
  	3. 	  	Affidavit
 
  	4. 	  	Acknowledgement of Legal Expense
 
  	5. 	  	Method of Payment Request
 
  	6. 	  	Court Order Application

Once you have all of your documents completed (along with any other 
documents that have been requested) please use the enclosed Fed& prepaid 
return envelope to return the documents to our office.

Thank you for your time and please do not hesitate in calling us with any 
questions or concerns.

Sincerely,

Imperial Structured Settlements

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Forms in this packet
must be notarized.

Please DO NOT SIGN
until a notary is present.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ABSOLUTE SALE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
(THE AGREEMENT)
06102/2010

I,                                                     am en e o 40 
guaranteed monthly paymenn $500.00 (I, Me or Seller) residing at

commencing on or a o une 1, 1983 with the last guaranteed payment ending on 
or about May 1, 2003 then continuing for life thereafter (the Periodic 
Payments), which I am receiving as a result of the settlement of a 
personal injury claim. The terms of the settlement are set forth in an 
agreement (the Settlement Agreement). The Periodic Payments are due to Me 
from INA Surplus Insurance Company (the Settlement Obligor). The 
Settlement Agreement provides for the Periodic Payments to be paid to Me 
through an annuity issued by Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company 
(the Annuity issuer), bearing Annuity Contract Number                      
         .

A. I agree to sell and transfer to Washington Square Financial, LLC dba 
Imperial Structured Settlements (You or Purchaser) all of my rights to 
and interest in the following payments, which I am due to receive under the 
Settlement Agreement

180 life contingent monthly payments of $600.00
commencing on or about September 1, 2010 and ending on
or about August 1, 2025 (the Settlement Payments)

In consideration for selling and transferring to You my rights to receive 
these payments, You shall pay Me the sum of: $26,439.43 (the Purchase 
Price).

B. I hereby make the following unconditional representations, warranties 
and promises:

  	1. 	  	No one other than Me has any interest or claim of any kind or 
nature in, to or under the Settlement Payments.
 
  	2. 	  	I am not indebted to anyone that would in any way affect either 
the sale and transfer of the Settlement Payments referenced above or 
Purchasers absolute rights to receive the Settlement Payments.
 
  	3. 	  	I agree to conduct my affairs so as to ensure that You receive 
the Settlement Payments exactly as described in Paragraph A above.

C. I understand and agree that I will be in breach of this Agreement it

  	1. 	  	Any of the representations set forth in Paragraphs B (1) and 13 
(2) at any time turn out to be untrue.
 
  	2. 	  	I fail to perform the promise set forth in Paragraph B (3) above.
 
  	3. 	  	Either the Settlement Obligor or the Annuity Issuer refuses or 
fails to make any one or more of the Settlement Payments as a result of any 
act by Me, my estate, my representatives, or any of my heirs.
 
  	4. 	  	1 fail to promptly forward to You any of the Settlement Payments 
that might be received by Me from the Settlement Obligor or the Annuity 
Issuer after the sale and transfer to You has been completed.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	5. 	  	I fail to fulfill any other obligation of mine under this 
Agreement.

D. Your obligation to complete this transaction, and to pay Me the Purchase 
Price depends upon the following conditions being satisfied unless waived 
by You.

  	1. 	  	You shall be satisfied, in Your sole reasonable judgment, that 
there are no claims or interests of any kind or nature that do or could 
affect rights to or interest in the Settlement Payments and/or prevent or 
interfere with Your receipt of the Settlement Payments on the dates and in 
the amounts described above Paragraph A, exactly In such amounts and at the 
times set forth therein.
 
  	2. 	  	You have received a final non-appealable court order and/or a 
signed acknowledgment from Settlement Obligor and Annuity Issuer 
satisfactory to the Purchaser in its sole discretion (collectively referred 
to as the Order), which You, in Your sole Judgment, consider sufficient 
to recognize, authorize, and provide for the transfer by sale of the 
Settlement Payments (which may continue to be made out to my name) to You, 
Purchaser, and to insure that the Periodic Payments due on or after the day 
of the Order will be forwarded directly to You.

E. Security Interest, Seller and Purchaser intend that the sale of the 
Settlement Payments referenced above shall constitute a sale from the 
Seller to the Purchaser under applicable law, which sales are absolute and 
irrevocable and provide the Purchaser with all indicia and rights of 
ownership of the Settlement Payments. Neither the Seller nor the Purchaser 
intends the transactions contemplated hereunder to be, or for any purpose 
to be characterized as, loans from the Purchaser to the Seller secured by 
the Settlement Payments. lf, notwithstanding the intention of the parties 
expressed above, any sale by the Seller to the Purchaser of the Settlement 
Payments shall be characterized as a secured loan and not a valid sale or 
absolute transfer or such sale or transfer shall for any reason be 
ineffective or unenforceable, then this Agreement shall be deemed to 
constitute a security agreement under the UCC and other applicable law in 
the rights to and interest in payments due to Me under the Settlement 
Agreement which I am selling to You under this Agreement. This security 
interest secures payment of the rights sold by Seller to Purchaser and the 
performance of Sellers obligations above. Seller authorizes Purchaser to 
direct any account debtor or obligor on an instrument, without limitation, 
Settlement Obligor or Annuity Issuer, to make periodic payments directly to 
Purchaser and as contemplated by the Uniform Commercial Code. Purchaser is 
authorized to file a UCC-1 Financing Statement to perfect Purchasers 
rights and the security interest intended to be created under this 
Agreement.

F. Except as otherwise required by applicable statutory law, this Agreement 
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the law of the 
state of residence of the Seller on the date of this Agreement.

G. I hereby grant You an Irrevocable Power of Attorney with full powers of 
substitution to do all acts and things that I might do regarding the 
Settlement Payments, and any and all rights I have under the Settlement 
Agreement. I understand and intend that by doing so, I am giving You all of 
the power and right I currently have under the Settlement Agreement to 
endorse checks, drafts or other instruments, to alter, edit and change 
payment instructions and/or beneficiary designations, and/or to perform any 
other act in my name that in Your sole discretion as my Attorney-in-Fact is 
necessary or expedient for You to obtain all of the benefits of the bargain 
contemplated by this transaction. This power of attorney is coupled with an 
interest and shall survive my death or disability.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

H. Payments Received by Party Other Than the Party Intended to Receive the 
Payments.

  	1. 	  	if prior to the completion of the transfer provided for in this 
Agreement, I receive any of the Settlement Payments or any portion thereof, 
I understand and agree an equal amount shall be deducted from the Purchase 
Price, and the Purchase Price shall be reduced in the same amount as these 
payments, and that the terms of this Agreement regarding the payments to be 
assigned, shall be treated as amended to reflect for the adjusted amount.
 
  	2. 	  	In the event You receive or otherwise come into possession of any 
of the Periodic Payment(s) or portion(s) thereof which are not included in 
the payments being absolutely sold to You pursuant to this Agreement, You 
agree to forward such amount(s) to Me at the address set forth above within 
seven (7) days of receipt of such amount(s).

I. You shall be entitled to, and are authorized by Me to discharge any 
liens or adverse claims against Me or any of the Settlement Payments, 
whether of not such adverse claims are disclosed, and You are further 
authorized by Me, provided You furnish prior written notice to Me, to pay 
any and all amounts necessary or if the Purchase Price has been deposited 
into an escrow account, to instruct the escrow agent to pay any and all 
amounts necessary to discharge such liens or other adverse claims. I 
understand and agree that any such amounts that You pay are piyments You 
are making on my behalf and shall reduce the Purchase Price. Adverse claims 
may include disclosed amounts to be deducted by You from the Purchase Price 
to pay You, as servicer for Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial 
Structured Settlements, to enable Me to obtain Washington Square Financial, 
LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements release of its encumbrance on a 
portion of the Settlement Payments relating to a prior transfer 
transaction(s) that occurred before the enactment of the applicable statue 
(Transfer Act) regulating such transfers. I understand and acknowledge 
that the law currently in effect requires that such encumbrance be released 
in order to complete the transfer that is the subject of this Agreement.

J. This Agreement shall take effect on the date it is signed by Me (the 
Seller) or on such later date prescribed by applicable law.

K. All disclosure statements I receive from You in connection with this 
transaction are a material part of this Agreement and shall be considered 
part of the terms of this Agreement and shall be read as if the contents of 
the disclosure statement were set forth in full in the body of this 
Agreement.

L. I know that it will take some time for the Settlement Obligor and the 
Annuity issuer to receive and process the court order once it is granted, I 
would like to receive the Purchase Price or a portion thereof as soon as 
possible thereafter. Accordingly, I hereby request Purchaser to pay Me a 
portion of the Purchase Price as soon as possible after the court order is 
granted and authorize Purchaser to hold in escrow an amount it deems 
necessary or advisable from the Purchase Price (the Escrow Amount) until 
all conditions precedent have been satisfied, including, without 
limitation, the receipt by Purchaser of the Settlement Obligor and the 
Annuity Issuers acknowledgment of the terms of the court order in writing 
and their agreement to honor and comply with same. At such time or earlier 
as Purchaser may determine, I understand that Purchaser will send the 
Escrow Amount to Me minus any Settlement Payments that the Annuity Issuer 
and/or Settlement Obligor sent to Me while the Settlement Obligor and the 
Annuity Issuer were processing the court order.

M. i have the right to cancel this Agreement, without penalty or further 
obligation, within the first three business days after the date the 
Agreement is signed, by providing You with written notice within three (3) 
day period, as provided for in Paragraph N.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

N. All notices, demands, and other communications required or permitted 
under this Agreement must be made in writing, and delivered by hand, via 
the United States Post Office, Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, or 
by overnight delivery service, to You or Me as the recipient at the address 
set forth in the beginning of this Agreement and must be evidenced by a 
receipt showing time, date of delivery and the person receiving the 
delivery.

In witness whereof! hereunto set my hand.

STATE OF                                                             
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                         

     On the                      day of                     , in the year   
                   before me, the undersigned, personally appear William 0. 
Thompson a/k/a William O. Thompson, Sr. personally known to me or proved to 
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose 
name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within Instrument, and acknowledged to 
me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and 
that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or 
the person upon behalf of which the individuals) acted, executed the 
instrument.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	   	 
  	Notary  	 
  	  	 
 

PLEASE DO NOT SIGN THIS
DOCUMENT UNTIL 06/0212010

My Commission expires on:                                         
Accepted:

Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Title:   	  	 
Date:  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


AFFIDAVIT

     I,                                                                     
     ., of full age, being duly sworn according to t e aw, upon my oath 
depose to say:

     1. I currently reside at                                            .

     2. I am the recipient of certain guaranteed payments under a 
structured settlement. The entity presently obligated to make the payments 
due under the structured settlement is INA Surplus Insurance Company. In 
order to fund its payment obligations under the structured settlement INA 
Surplus Insurance Company purchased an annuity contract                     
  from Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company.

     3, I voluntarily entered into an Absolute Sale and Security Agreement 
(the Agreement) dated 06/02/2010 with Washington Square Financial LLC 
d/b/a imperial Structured Settlements (Imperial). Under that Agreement, I 
agreed to sell and transfer to Imperial the following payments due to me 
under the structured settlement:

180 life contingent monthly payments of $500.00 commencing
on or about September 1, 2010 and ending on or about August 1, 2025

     4. I understand I will forego receipt of the Settlement Payments under 
the Agreement. I understand that my beneficiaries/heirs and 1 will no 
longer receive any of the Settlement Payments or any portion of the 
Settlement Payments. I understand that all of the Settlement Payments will 
go to Imperial or the assigns of Imperial.

     5. I also understand that this Affidavit is submitted for use in the 
court approval process initiated by Imperial and myself to seek court 
approval of the sale and transfer of payments to Imperial.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6. I also received from Imperial a Disclosure Statement detailing the 
terms of the Agreement, which I signed and returned to Imperial. I 
carefully reviewed the Disclosure Statement and fully and completely 
understand all terms of the Disclosure Statement.

     7. In the Disclosure Statement, Imperial advised me to seek 
professional advice regarding the Agreement from an attorney, accountant or 
other professional of my choice.

_______ 	  	I have either received said advice or fully intend to receive 
independent professional advice regarding this transaction.
 
_______ 	  	I have decided to waive the independent professional advice 
regarding this transaction.

     8. I am                                 with no dependents and 1 have 
supported myself for the past 37 years. I am currently unemployed due to my 
disability. My wife is currently employed                                  
as a                                  with an annual salary of              
             I do not believe that approval of this transfer will 
negatively affect my standard of living, make it difficult to pay my living 
expenses or otherwise harm me in any way.

     9. I have thoroughly considered this transaction, my alternatives and 
the use to which 1 will put the proceeds of this sale and transfer. I have 
considered the impact of this transaction on myself. I will be able to 
improve my present standard of living if I am permitted to transfer and 
sell my right to receive the Settlement Payments to Imperial as described 
in this Affidavit. After considering these factors I believe that this 
transaction is in my best interest.

     10. I intend to use the proceeds I receive from Imperial under the 
Agreement for home improvement.  I will use the entire proceeds of this 
transaction, approximately $24,239.43, for home improvement. My home is 
approximately 20 years old and is in desperate need of remodeling. I plan 
on updating the flooring, new cabinetry, remodeling all of the bathrooms, 
painting and purchasing new furniture. I believe that this project will 
serve to boost the market value of my home, which is my primary asset. 
Without the proceeds of this transaction, I lack the wherewithal from my 
current finances to improve my life in the capacities described herein. 
Therefore, I have decided to pursue this transaction with Imperial.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     11. I will not be using any portion of the proceeds from the Agreement 
for day-to-day expenses. I haite never assigned, transferred, sold, or any 
of the structured settlement payments that I am proposing to transfer and 
sell herein to any party or entity. I do not believe that approval of this 
sale and transfer will negatively affect my standard of living or harm me 
in any way. Therefore, I have determined that completing this transaction 
with Imperial is in my best interest and will improve the quality of my 
life.

 
          

STATE OF                                         
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                         

     On the                      day of                    , in the year    
                  before me, the undersigned, personally appeared           
                        ., personally known to me or proved to me on the 
basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is 
(are) subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledge to me that 
he/she/they executed the same In his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by 
his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the 
instrument.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	   	 
  	Notary  	 
  	  	 
 

PLEASE DO NOT SIGN THIS
DOCUMENT UNTIL 06102/2010

My commission expires on                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AFFID,AVIT

     I,                                                              being 
of legal age and of sound mind, and not under the influence of drugs or 
alcohol or duress of any kind depose and say:

          I. I acknowledge and agree with this transaction;

          2. I am [AGE] years old;

          3. I currently reside at

          4. I am the recipient of certain guaranteed payments under a 
specific annuity purchased by me having a contract number of                
      (Annuity), which is not a structured settlement annuity. The entity 
presently making the payments due under the Annuity is                      
                     Insurance Company. The current owner of the Annuity is 
Insurance Company of North America;

          5. I voluntarily entered into an Absolute Sale and Security 
Agreement (the Agreement) dated 06/02/2010 with Washington Square 
Financial LLC d/b/a Imperial Structured Settlements (Imperial). Under 
that Agreement, I agree to change the ownership of the Annuity, and 
transfer and/or assign to Imperial the following payments due to me under 
the Annuity:

(Assigned Payments);

          6. I acknowledge and understand I will forego receipt of the 
Assigned Payments under the Agreement. I also acknowledge, agree and 
understand that my beneficiaries/heirs and I will no longer have a legal 
right to any of the Assigned Payments or any portion of the Assigned 
Payments from the Annuity. I understand that all of the Assigned Payments 
will go to Imperial or the assigns of Imperial. Furthermore, my death prior 
to the date of any of the Assigned Payment(s) shall not affect the transfer 
of the Assigned Payments to Imperial, and subsequently thereafter to 
Imperials assignee. Moreover, I understand that Imperial will now be the 
owner of the Annuity;

          7. I also understand that this Affidavit is submitted for use in 
the court approval process initiated by Imperial and myself to seek court 
approval of the sale of the Assigned Payments, change of ownership and 
change of beneficiary to Imperial;

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          8. I have thoroughly considered this transaction, my alternatives 
and the use to which I will put the proceeds of this sale. I have 
considered the impact of this transaction on my dependents, if any, and 
myself. I will be able to improve the present standard of living, for 
myself and my dependents, if any, if I am permitted to transfer the 
Assigned Payments to Imperial as described in this Affidavit. After 
considering these factors I believe that this transaction is in my best 
interest and in the best interests of my dependents, if any;

          9. I will not be using any portion of the proceeds from the 
Transaction for day-to-day expenses. I have never assigned, sold, or 
pledged any of the Assigned Payments that I am proposing to transfer and 
assign herein to any party or entity. I do not believe that approval of 
this transfer will negatively affect my or my dependents, if any; standard 
of living or harm us in any way. Therefore, I have determined that 
completing this transaction with Imperial is in my best interest and will 
improve the quality of my life; and

          10. I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the 
State of FL that the foregoing is true and correct and that this Affidavit 
was executed on the date set forth below.

 

STATE OF:                                            
COUNTY OF                                         

On this                      day of,                      20     , before 
me the above signed personally appeared before me and produced for 
identification                                        or personally known 
to me to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument 
and acknowledged to me that he/she executed it.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	   	 
 
  	   	 
  	My commission expires:  	 
  	  	 
 

SEA

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

STATE OF          
COUNTY OF          


AFFIDAVIT

          Before me, the undersigned authority, personally                  
                                 (Affiant), who, being duly sworn 
according to law, deposes and says:

Please circle the applicable answer
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
1.
  	Am I under the influence of alcohol 	  	Yes 	  	No
2.
  	Am I under the influence of illegal drugs 	  	Yes 	  	No
3.
  	Am I under duress 	  	Yes 	  	No
4.
  	Do I suffer from dementia 	  	Yes 	  	No
5.
  	Do I suffer from bi-polar disorder 	  	Yes 	  	No
6.
  	Do I suffer from schizophrenia 	  	Yes 	  	No
7.
  	Do I suffer from any other psychotic disorders 	  	Yes 	  	No
8.
  	Have I ever been in a coma 	  	Yes 	  	No
9.
  	Have I ever had brain surgery 	  	Yes 	  	No
10.
  	Are my medical decisions being determined by a third party 	  	Yes 	  	
No

     Affiant is familiar with the nature of an oath and makes this 
Affidavit for the purpose of inducing Washington Square Financial, LLC 
doing business as Imperial Structured Settlements (WSF) to purchase 
structured settlements payments from me under the Absolute Sale and 
Security Agreement.

                                                                            
                         
                                                                            
    

Sworn to and subscribed before me this
day of           , by           
who is personally known to me or produced a           
drivers license as identification.

                                                                            
                          
Notary Public                                                            

                                                                            
                         
[Print or Type Name]                                                        
    

Commission Number:                     
My Commission Expires:                     

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Authorization For Deductions

Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Assignee may deduct from the 
Purchase Price, the full amount due to any and all third party creditors, 
judgment holders, holders of child support obligations, the holder of any 
other outstanding lien or claim (collectively the Judgments/Claims) 
including life insurance policy payment(s) or any attorney fees in 
connection with the consummation of this transaction.

If Assignee is able to satisfy in full the Judgments/Claims for less than 
the full amount due, Assignee shall be entitled to keep the difference 
between the amount deducted and the amount actually paid.

Authorization to Conduct Credit and Criminal Background Checks

I,                     residing at                     hereby authorize 
Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structure Settlements or any 
of its agents or designees, to conduct any and all criminal background 
reports, searches or checks and any and all credit history reports, 
searches or checks which it in its sole discretion and judgment deems 
necessary or advisable.

Authorization to Release Information

I,                     , hereby request and authorize INA Surplus Insurance 
Company, Genworth life and Annuity Insurance Company, or any of their 
successors, assigns, designees, agents or administrators, or my attorney to 
disclose, or any other parties that my possess any information deemed 
necessary by Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured 
Settlements, or any of its agents or designees to be disclosed, make 
available and furnish to Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial 
Structured Settlements, or any of its agents or designees and all 
information pertaining to my personal injury settlement as set forth in a 
certain Release, or any other documents deemed necessary by Washington 
Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements, or any of its 
agents or designees. I specifically direct that INA Surplus Insurance 
Company, Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company, or any ,of their 
successors, assigns, designees, agents or administrators or any other 
person or entity that this authorization is given to, cooperate with 
Imperial or any of their agents or designees regarding disclosure of 
information pertaining or related to my settlement or other required 
documentation. Please provide copies via fax or otherwise of any and all 
documents requested by Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial 
Structured Settlements, or their agents or designees regarding my 
settlement.

                    

Dated:                    

STATE OF                    
COUNTY OR CITY OF                    

On the            day of            in the year            before me, the 
undersigned, personally appeared                     personally known to 
me, or proved on the basis of satisfactory evidence to the individual(s) 
whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within instrument, and 
acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their 
capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, 
and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of which the individual(s) 
acted, executed the instrument.

                                                                            
                          
Notary                                                                      
                    

My Commission expires on                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

06/02/2010
                    
                    

RE: METHOD OF PAYMENT REQUEST

Dear           

We appreciate you doing business with Imperial Structured Settlements. At 
the close of this transaction, we will remit your funds by check as you 
indicate below. Please complete this form to receive your lump sum in 
exchange for the assigned payments set forth in our agreement.

AT FUNDING, I WANT TO RECEIVE A CHECK AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS:


 


 


 

Please acknowledge that the information above is correct by signing below. 
If you have any questions about completing this form please do not hesitate 
to call us.

Acknowledgement:

                                        
                                        

Date:                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

08/02/2010
                    
                    

RE: METHOD OF PAYMENT REQUEST

Dear                    

We appreciate you doing business with Imperial Structured Settlements. At 
the close of this transaction, we will remit your funds by direct deposit 
as you indicate below. Please complete this form to receive your lump sum 
in exchange for the assigned payments set forth in our agreement.

AT FUNDING, I WANT MY FUNDS TO BE TRANSFERRED TO THE FOLLOWING ACCOUNT:

Bank Transit/ABA# for Wire:                                                 
            

          Bank Name:                                                        
       

Exact Name(s) on Bank Account                                               
                

Type of Account: o Checking or o Savings 4 (please check only one)

     Bank Account # :                                                       
        

Bank Phone : (          )                                                   
            

Further credit to:

     Bank Transit/ABA# for Wire:                                            
                   

Bank Name:                                                                  
                  

Bank Phone : (          )                                                   
            

Please acknowledge that the information above Is correct by signing below. 
If you have any questions about completing this form please do not hesitate 
to call us.

Acknowledgement:

                                                            

Date:                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF LEGAL EXPENSE

You acknowledge that Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial 
Structured Settlements will be incurring certain legal costs and expenses 
on your behalf to ensure that the Structured Settlement Obligor forwards 
your checks or causes your checks to be forwarded in accordance with your 
instructions and that the proposed transaction complies with any applicable 
state law. The legal work includes all necessary court appearances, 
investigations, correspondence, preparation and filing of required 
documents, and related work to properly seek court approval of this matter.

You acknowledge that an estimated fee of $1,000.00 to include all legal 
work in connection with completing this transaction shall be deducted from 
your lump sum payment when you are entitled to receive same.

You acknowledge that you must fully cooperate with Washington Square 
Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements by providing all 
information relevant to the issues involved in this matter.

                                                                            
                            
                                                                            
                           

                                        
Date

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

06/02/2010

Genwortb Life and Annuity Insurance Company
3100 Albert Lankford Drive Mail stop CSC-1-030
Lynchburg, VA 24501

Re: Annuity Contract No.                                        
Claimant:                                        
SS#:                                        

Dear Sirs:

     Please change your records to show the Estate of                     
as the beneficiary after my death under the above-captioned settlement 
agreement and annuity contract.

Kindly confirm that you have made this modification to your records, by 
using the space provided below, and mailing to: Washington Square 
Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements, 701 Park of Commerce 
Blvd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, Florida 33487.

Regards,                                                             

Dated:                                         

STATE OF                                         
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                          

On the                     day of                     in the year           
           before me, the undersigned, personally appeared                  
                        personally known to me, or proved on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that 
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by 
his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the 
instrument.

                                                                            
                          
Notary                                                                      
                     

My Commission expires on                                         

Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company

  	  	By:                                           Dated:                  
                        

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

06/02/2010

INA Surplus Insurance Company
1601 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103

Re: Annuity Contract No.                    
Claimant:                                        
      SS#:                    

Dear Sirs:

     Please change your records to show the Estate of                       
                   as the beneficiary after my death under the 
above-captioned settlement agreement and annuity contract.

Kindly confirm that you have made this modification to your records, by 
using the space provided below, and mailing to: Washington Square 
Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements, 701 Park of Commerce 
Blvd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, Florida 33487.

Regards,                                                             

Dated:                                           

STATE OF                                          
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                          

On the                      day of                     in the year          
           before me, the undersigned, personally appeared                  
                         personally known to me, or proved on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that 
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by 
his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the 
instrument.

                                                                            
                          
Notary                                                                      
                  

My Commission expires on                                        

INA Surplus Insurance Company

By:                     Dated:                    

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


                                                            
                    
                    

06/02/2010

Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company
3100 Albert Lankford Drive Mail stop CSC-1-030
Lynchburg, VA 24501

Re: Annuity Contract No.                    
       Claimant:                                                            

       SS#                    

I am writing to request information on the above referenced annuity 
contract under which I am the named payee. Please provide me with the name 
of the annuity owner as well as a detailed description of the payments I am 
entitled to receive. Please be sure to include the payment amount and the 
start date of the payments, as well as the date the payments are due. It is 
important that I receive as much of the requested information as you can 
provide, as soon as possible. Additionally, please provide me with the name 
of the current beneficiary. Once you have processed this request, lease fax 
the documents to (866) 704-0772. Please make sure your records reflect my 
current address as If you are unable to comply with this request, please 
inform me in writing. You may contact me if you have any questions, or if I 
may otherwise be of assistance.

Sincerely,                                                                  
                                       

Dated:                                         

STATE OF                                         
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                         

On the              day of                  in the year              
before me, the undersigned, personally appeared personally known to me, or 
proved on the basis of satisfactory evidence to the individual(s) whose 
name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to 
me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and 
that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, and the 
individual(s), or the person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, 
executed the instrument.

                                                                            
                            
Notary                                                                      
                    

My Commission expires on                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


                                                            
                    
                    

06/02/2010

INA Surplus Insurance Company
1601 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103

Re: Annuity Contract No.                    
      Claimant:                                                            
      SS#                    

I am writing to request information on the above referenced structured 
settlement and annuity contract, under which I am the named payee. Please 
provide me with the following information:

 	  	Qualified Assignment of the payment obligation (if applicable)
 
 	  	Release and Settlement Agreement giving rise to the structured 
settlement
 
 	  	Court Order approving the settlement (if applicable)
 
 	  	Name of the current beneficiary

It is important that I receive as much of the above information as you can 
provide, as soon as possible. Once you have processed this request, please 
fax the documents to 866 704-0772. Please make sure your records reflect my 
current address as Please contact me if you have any questions, or if I may 
otherwise be of assistance.

Sincerely,

                                                            

STATE OF                                         
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                         

On the                     day of                     in the year           
          before me, the undersigned, personally appeared personally known 
to me, or proved on the basis of satisfactory evidence to the individual(s) 
whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within instrument, and 
acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their 
capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, 
and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of which the individual(s) 
acted, executed the instrument.

                                                                            
                              
Notary                                                                      
                       

My Commission expires on                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ANNUITY CONTRACT AFFIDAVIT

I,                                                     , being duly sworn 
according to aw upon my oath depose and say:

1. My current address is:          

2. My social security number is:          

3. Concerning the Annuity Contract, bearing policy number INN! issued in 
connection with the underlying SettleMent Agreement, I am not in possession 
of this document. The Settlement Agreement states the  company, Genworth 
Life and Annuity Insurance Company, shall pay as follows:

240 guaranteed monthly payments of $600.00 commencing on or about June 1, 
1983 with the last guaranteed payment ending on or about May 1, 2003 then 
continuing for life thereafter.

4. I am assigning the following payments to Washington Square Financial, 
LLC dba imperial Structured Settlements 180 life contingent monthly 
payments of $500.00 commencing on or about September 1, 2010 and ending on 
or about August 1, 2025

5. The issuer, Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company, and the owner, 
INA Surplus Insurance Company, of the above referenced policy have refused 
my every attempt to obtain the annuity contract.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

6. I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT THE FOREGOING STATEMENTS MADE BY ME ARE TRUE. I AM 
AWARE THAT IF ANY OF THE FOREGOING STATEMENTS MADE BY ME ARE FALSE, I AM 
SUBJECT TO PUNISHMENT.

STATE OF                                                      

COUNTY OR CITY OF                                 

On the                      day of                      in the year         
             before me, the undersigned, personally appeared                
        , personally known to me, or proved on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

Notary                                                                      


My Commission expires on                                  

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AFFIDAVIT

I,                                                  ., being duly sworn 
according to law upon my oath depose an say:

  	1. 	  	My current address is:          
 
  	2. 	  	My social security number is:          
 
  	3. 	  	The annuity policy number                      which is owned by 
INA Surplus Insurance Company, and is issued by Genworth Life and Annuity 
Insurance Company authorizes me to receive the following payments:

  	240 	  	guaranteed monthly payments of $600.00 commencing on or about 
June 1, 1983 with the last guaranteed payment ending on or about May 1, 
2003 then continuing for life thereafter.

  	4. 	  	I am assigning the following payments to Washington Square 
Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements:

  	180 	  	life contingent monthly payments of $500.00 commencing on or 
about September 1, 2010 and ending on or about August 1, 2025

  	5. 	  	I am entitled to these payments, under policy number 111.111, 
pursuant to a tort action and they are not a result of a Workers 
Compensation claim.
 
  	6. 	  	The owner, INA Surplus Insurance Company, of the above referenced 
policy has not responded to my request for a copy of the Release and 
Settlement.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	7. 	  	I am not in possession of a copy of the Release and Settlement 
Agreement.
 
  	8. 	  	I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT THE FOREGOING STATEMENTS MADE BY ME ARE 
TRUE. I AM AWARE THAT IF ANY OF THE FOREGOING STATEMENTS MADE BY ME ARE 
FALSE, I AM SUBJECT TO PUNISHMENT.

STATE OF                                                            

COUNTY OR CITY OF                                       

On the                      day of                      in the year         
             before me, the undersigned, personally appeared                
       , personally known to me, or proved on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

Notary                                                                

My Commission expires on                            

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


E-MAIL ADDRESS

PLEASE FILL OUT THE BELOW INFORMATION AND SIGN THIS PAGE AT THE BOTTOM; 
PLEASE PRINTNVRITE LEGIBLY

  	  	o I have an e-mail address as listed below.
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 

  	  	o I do not have an e-mail address.
 
  	  	          

                                                 
Date

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


IPA STATEMENT

I,                                                     (hereinafter I or 
Me), being duly sworn upon my oath depose and say:

  	1. 	  	I am over the age of 18 and am of sound and disposing mind.
 
  	2. 	  	I reside at           
 
  	3. 	  	I am aware that, pursuant to the [STATE STATUTE Structured 
Settlement Transfer Act, I must obtain independent professional advice 
regarding the legal, tax and financial implications of the proposed 
transfer that I Would like to have occur with Washington Square Financial, 
LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements (Imperial), its successors and 
assigns.
 
  	4. 	  	I state that on                      I received the required 
independent professional advice from                                        
               (Attorney, Licensed Financial Planner, or CPA) of            
                                           located at                       
                                phone (                                     
                  regarding the Sellers Agreement dated 06/02/2010.

 
  	5. 	  	I am aware of the legal, tax and financial implications of the 
proposed transfer and I desire to have the court approve said transfer of 
structured settlement payment rights as proposed in the Sellers Agreement 
dated 06/02/2010 before the court.
 
  	  	  	          

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SWORN STATEMENT OF DEPENDENT(S)

                                                  (hereinafter 9 or Me) 
states as Follows:

  	1. 	  	I am over the age of 18 and Im of a sound and disposing mind.
 
  	2. 	  	I reside at                                      , and I am the 
parent of [DEPENDENT] an [husband wife] of [ SPOUSE] .
 
  	3. 	  	I am aware that my (child/children) and (husband/wife] are 
classified as                           dependent(s) pursuant to Delaware 
Structured Settlement Transfer Act and that a court reviewing the proposed 
transfer that                          dependent(s) pursuant to Delaware 
Structured a court reviewing the proposed transfer that. would like to have 
occur with Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured 
Settlements must find the sale and transfer in my childs/childrens and 
spouses best interests as a dependent.
 
  	4. 	  	I state that I, as parent to m child/children and spouse to m 
[husband/wife] , am aware that                                     , 
proposing to sell and transfer 180 Life contingent monthly payments of 0. 0 
commencing on or about September 1, 2010 and ending on or about August 1, 
2025 to Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured 
Settlements, or its assigns in exchange for a lump sum in the amount of 
$25,439.43.
 
  	5. 	  	I state that such proposed sale and transfer is in the best 
interest of my [child/children) and spouse because the money would greatly 
help our familys standard of living, as the [FATHER/MOTHER) of [DEPENDENT] 
and [husband/wife] of [SPOUSE] , I request the court approve the sale and 
transfer of structured settlement payment rights as proposed in the 
Absolute Sale and Security Agreement dated, 06/02/2010 before this court

                                           as [FATHER/MOTHER] of 
[DEPENDENT] and [husband/wife] of [SPOUSE]

STATE OF                                                        

COUNTY OR CITY OF                                   

On the                      day of                      in the year         
             before me, the undersigned, personally appeared                
    , personally known to me, or proved on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	   	 
  	Notary  	 
  	  	 
 

My Commission expires on                     

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Authorization to Release Information

I,                             hereby request and authorize INA Surplus 
Insurance Company, Genworth ife and Annuity insurance Company, or any of 
their successors, assigns, designees, agents or administrators, to disclose 
any and all information pertaining to my personal injury case and 
structured settlement deemed necessary by Washington Square Financial, LLC 
dba Imperial Structured Settlements, or any of its agents or designees. 
Please make available and furnish to Washington Square Financial, LLC dba 
Imperial Structured Settlements, or any of its agents or designees and all 
information pertaining to my structured settlement and the underlying 
annuity. Said authorization expressly includes but is not limited to a copy 
of my release and settlement agreement, any and all orders approving, 
governing or limiting said agreement, and the annuity contract, itself. I 
specifically direct that the above named entities and individuals cooperate 
with Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements 
or any of its agents or designees regarding the disclosure of the 
aforementioned documents and provide any relevant information requested. 
Please provide copies of any and all documents requested via fax to (866) 
704-0772 or via U.S. Mail to:

Imperial Structured Settlements
701 Park of Commerce Blvd, Suite 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487
Attn: M.J.

          

Dated:                                             

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Funding CO Notice

June 8, 2010
 
Via Federal Express 	  	 
 
INA Surplus Insurance Company
1601 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103 	  	Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company
3100 Albert Lankford Drive
Mail stop CSC-I-030
Lynchburg, VA 24501

RE: Annul Contract Number:

Dear Sir/Madam:

Enclosed please find a copy of the above Captioned Order regarding the 
Transfer of Structured Settlement Payments to Washington Square Financial, 
LLC d/b/a Imperial Structured Settlements, LLC (or its designated 
assignee). Please mark your records accordingly.

Kindly verify by signing where indicated at the end of this letter that the 
requested change has been made to your records and return to:
  	  	 
 
  	Jerome Parsley, Controller
Funding Department
Imperial Structured Settlements
701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487
Direct Line: 561.995.4308 Far: 561.995.4309
Email: jparsiergimpri.com

THIS WILL ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE UNDERSIGNED IS IN RECEIPT OF THIS LETTER AND 
HAS REVISED ITS RECORDS TO REFLECT THE NFORMATION THEREIN.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	INA. Surplus Insurance Company
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company
  	 
Dated:  	  	  	By:   	   	 
  	  	  	  	Authorized signatory  	 
 
  	  	  	Printed:  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 

May 3, 2010

Dear,

Congratulations on the court approval of your transaction on April 29, 
2010! This letter confirms that you have received or will receive the 
amount of $20,670.84 pursuant to the terms of the Absolute Assignment and 
Security Agreement.
  	  	  	 
 
  	Here is an itemized breakdown of the total amount: 	 
 
 
  	Purchase Price: 	$
 
 
  	Legal Fee 	$
 
 
  	Processing Fee: 	$
 
 
  	Escrow Held: 	$
 
 
  	
    Cash Advances:
$
 
 
  	Total due to you: 	$

We have forwarded or will be forwarding your funds according to your most 
recent method of payment form. If you have any questions, please contact 
your Account Executive®.

It was a pleasure working with you on this matter. If we can be of any 
assistance in the future, please do not hesitate to give us a call!
 
  	  	Thank you,
 
  	  	Stacey Mastenbaurn
Funding Manager
Imperial Structured Settlements

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AFFIDAVIT

I,                   , being duly sworn, depose and say as follows:

I am over the age of (18) years old and am competent to testify. I make 
this affidavit upon my own personal knowledge.

I am a Compliance Analyst of Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial 
Structured Settlements (Imperial), the proposed purchaser of the 
structured settlement payments being sold by           

By Absolute Sale and Security. Agreement dated 05/15/2009 (the 
Agreement),                      agreed to sell the following payments:

On May 5, 2009, at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which           
             signed the Agreement, Imperial prepared and mailed via United 
States Postal Service Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, United 
States Postal Service First Class Mail, and Federal Express Standard 
Overnight Delivery, to                   , Sr. a separate disclosure 
statement.

Further, the affidavit sayeth not,.
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
Date 	  	 

Further, the affidavit sayeh not.

Subscribed and Sworn to before me this      day of         , 201
  	 
  	NOTARY PUBLIC for the State of Florida
My Commission expires:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Notice to Annuity Issuer and Structured Settlement Obligor
 
INA Surplus Insurance Company
1601 Chestnut Street,
Philadelphia, PA 19103 	  	Genwortb Life and Annuity Insurance
Company
3100 Albert Lankford Drive, Mail stop
CSC-1-030
Lynchburg, VA 24501

RE: Transfer of structured settlement rights by           

Annuity Contract #:           
DOB:          
Payments to be Transferred:          

This letter shall serve as formal notice too as required by FL ST 
§626.99296 (3)(a) 5 of                                        pending 
transfer of certain structured settlement payment rights.

Pursuant to FL ST §626.99296 (3)(a) 5, the transferees name and address 
is:
  	  	 
Name:
  	Washington Square Financial, LLC d/b/a
Imperial Structured Settlements
Address:
  	701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487
Tax 1.D.:
  	 

Any other statutory requirements that may apply to this transaction will 
also be complied with.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
[(PRUDENTIAL LOGO)]
  	The Prudential Insurance Company of America
  	Home Office: Prudential Plaza, Newark, New Jersey
  	07102-3777

In consideration of the receipt of the Purchase Payment, we issue this 
Annuity Certificate to the Certificate Holder named below, effective on the 
Certificate Date, subject to the terms of the Contract,
  	  	 
Certificate Holder:
  	          
Certificate No.:
  	          
Certificate Date:
  	August 31, 2006
Payee:
  	          
Measuring Life:
  	          
Measuring Lifes Sex:
  	          
Measuring Lifes Date of Birth:
  	          
Annuity Payments:
  	See Payment Schedule

This Certificate describes the Annuity Payments guaranteed under the 
Contract, Anpuity Payment Dates and amounts of the Annuity Payments are 
shown in the Payment Schedule. Please read this Certificate carefully. if 
there is a question, contact us at the Designated Office for 
Communications;

Right to Cancel: The Certificate Holder may cancel this Certificate within 
ten days after the date it receives it by giving notice in writing and by 
mailing the Certificate to the Designated Office for Communications. This 
notice must be postmarked on or before the tenth day after you receive the 
Certificate. The Certificate will be canceled as of the Certificate Date 
and the Purchase Payment will be refunded, in accordance with applicable 
state law,


STRUCTURED gTTLEMFN1 CEFSTIFICATE  NON-PARTICIPATING
This Certificate does not provide for any lump sum death benefit protected 
by non forfeiture law or
any cash surrender value, or any way to convert life contingent payments 
into a paid-up annuity.
Upon the death of any Measuring Life, all life contingent payments 
determined by such Measuring
Life will cease. Prudential will make Annuity Payments to the person(s) or 
entity(les), In the
amount(s), and on the date(s) specified under the terms of this 
Certificate.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


DEFINITIONS
We define below some of the terms used in this Certificate,

 	  	Annuity Payments; Annuity payments to be made under this Certificate, 
in the amounts shown on the Payment Schedule(s).
 
 	  	Certificate Holder: The Certificate Holder is the party identified 
on the first page of this Certificate, unless we have endorsed this 
Certificate to show otherwise. The Certificate Holder has certain rights 
and duties under this Certificate.
 
 	  	Contract: Group Annuity Contract Number GA-40059.
 
 	  	Designated Office for Communications: The following address, or any 
other office we may specify in writing:

Prudential Financial
2101 Welsh Road
Dresher, Pennsylvania 19025-5001

 	  	Measuring Life: The person(s) identified as Measuring Life on the 
first page of this Annuity Certificate whose life expectancy is used to 
determine the Annuity Payments.
 
 	  	Payee: The entity identified as Payee on the first page of this 
Certificate.
 
 	  	Payment Date: The date each Annuity Payment stated in the Payment 
Schedule is due.
 
 	  	Payment Schedule: The schedule(s) attached and made part of this 
Certificate showing Annuity Payments and Payment Dates.

Purchase Payment: Amount agreed to be paid to us in connection with this 
Certificate. The Purchase Payment is the amount that, when improved with 
interest and/or mortality and morbidity contingencies, is sufficient to 
provide the Annuity Payments,

 	  	We, our, and us: The Prudential insurance Company of America 
(Prudential).
 
 	  	You and yours: The Certificate Holder of this Certificate,


GENERAL PROVISIONS

Assignment of Certificate: This Certificate may not be assigned by the 
Certificate Holder without our consent. The Certificate Holder shall have 
sole and exclusive ownership rights in this Certificate. No other person 
shall have any right to anticipate, sell or absolutely assign (by any 
means, regardless of form) payments under this Certificate and any 
attempted assignment will be void at the outset.

Certificate Errors: Please review this Certificate carefully and notify us 
promptly if you feel any information Is incorrect. We are not bound by any 
incorrect information in this Certificate. We may issue a corrected 
Certificate in the same manner the original Certificate was issued, but we 
will clearly Indicate on the face of the new Certificate that it is a 
CORRECTED AND REISSUED Certificate (or other words to that effect).

Certificate Overview: This Certificate, including all its provisions and 
any attachments, endorsements, and schedules, forms the entire Certificate, 
This Certificate takes effect on the Certificate Date as shown on the first 
page only if the Purchase Payment has been made to us. If the Purchase 
Payment is not made to us, this Certificate will be void at the outset We 
will own the Purchase Payment at the earlier of either the First Annuity 
Payment Date or the date on which we Issue the Certificate for delivery.

Communications: Any communication contemplated by this Certificate is 
subject to this provision. Unless we otherwise consent in writing, 
Beneficiary designations and revocations, and other notices, instructions, 
or consents related to this Certificate, must be (r) in writing, (ii) in 
form and content acceptable to us in our reasonable opinion, and (ill) 
delivered to our Designated Office for Communications,

Currency: Any money we pay or which is paid to us, must be in United States 
currency.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


GENERAL PROVISIONS
(Continued)

Minimum Benefits: The commuted value of payments or lump sum death benefit, 
if so provided under this Certificate, is not protected by none forfeiture 
law and may be less than the benefit that would be payable if such law 
applied, Otherwise, all benefits provided under this Certificate are not 
less than the minimum benefits required in the state of New Jersey.

Misstatement of Age and/or Sex; if either the Date of Birth or Sex of any 
Measuring Life, or both, as stated on the first page, is incorrect, we will 
adjust the Annuity Payment amount(s) to that which the Purchase Payment 
would have bought using the corrected date of birth or sex, or both. This 
adjustment will take into account Annuity Payments) made as well as Annuity 
Payment(s) due. This will be done as follows: (1) we will deduct any 
overpayment, with interest at 5% per year, from any payment(s) due; and/or 
(2) we will add any underpayment, with interest at 5% per year, to the next 
payment we make after we receive proof of the correct date of birth arid/or 
sex,

No Surrender and No Loan: You may neither surrender this Certificate to us 
for cash nor borrow from us on this Certificate.

Non-participation of Certificate: This Certificate Is not eligible for 
dividends.

Ownership and Control: The Certificate Holder is entitled to any 
Certificate benefit and the exercise of any right or privilege granted by 
or related to the Certificate.

As a convenience to the Certificate Holder, the Certificate Holder may 
instruct us to make Annuity Payments directly to (i) a corresponding person 
entitled to periodic payments under a Settlement, (ii) such persons 
guardian, (iii) a beneficiary entitled to payments following such persons 
death (Beneficiary), or (iv) a person named in a Qualified Order under 
section 5591(b)(2) of the internal Revenue Code that otherwise complies 
with applicable state law. The Certificate Holder may instruct us to accept 
Beneficiary designations and revocations from such person without further 
authorization. it no Beneficiary is designated, remaining payments due to 
such person will be made to his or her estate.

All Beneficiary designations may be revoked by the designating party. 
Beneficiary designations and revocations must be made by notice. This 
notice must be in form and content acceptable to us in our reasonable 
opinion. We may refuse to put into effect Beneficiary designations and 
revocations that do not comply with applicable law or any court order that 
has been provided to us at our Designated Office for Communications.

Proof of Status as to Life, Death, Legal Capacity, and Legal Authority; We 
have the right to require proof satisfactory to us of the life or death of 
any person whose life or death is a factor determining whether and/or to 
whom we are obligated to make payment. We also have the right to require 
proof satisfactory to us of the legal capacity and/or the legal authority 
of any person (e.g., Payee, guardian, representative, power-of-attorney, 
estate administrator, etc.) claiming any right to payment under this 
Certificate or altering any right of payment. We may delay or otherwise 
withhold any payment, without interest, until we have received such proof 
or proofs of status, specified in this provision, that we may request.


END

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

PAYMENT SCHEDULE 	  	CERTIFICATE NO.:           

 	  	All payments under this Certificate are payable to the Payee, But 
pursuant to the Ownership and Control provisions, the Certificate Holder 
has instructed us to make payments under this Certificate directly to the 
person(s) named below.
  	  	  	  	 
Name 	  	Sex 	  	Date of Birth
  	  	  	  	 

  	  	All payments under this Certificate are subject to the Certificate 
Holders right to direct payments as we describe in the Ownership and 
Control provision of this Certificate.

 	  	We will make Guaranteed Period Certain Annuity Payments under this 
Certificate as follows:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Periodic 	  	First 	  	Last Guaranteed 	  	  	  	Guarantee
Amount 	  	Payment Date 	  	122mant, gat 	  	Periodic Date 	  	Period
$1,900.00
  	February 1, 2010 	  	January 1, 2015 	  	1St day of each month 	  	5 
years
$2,500.00
  	February 1, 2015 	  	January 1, 2020 	  	1E day of each month 	  	5 
years

  	  	For each Period Certain Annuity shown above, starting on the First 
Payment Date, we Mil pay the Periodic Amount on each Periodic Date. 
Payments end with the last Periodic Amount due on the Last Guaranteed 
Payment Date.

. 	  	We will make Life with Guaranteed Period Certain Annuity Payments 
under this Certificate as follows;
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Periodic 	  	First 	  	Last Guaranteed 	  	  	  	Guarantee
Amount 	  	Payment Date 	  	Payment Date 	  	Periodic Date 	  	Period
$2,825.00
  	February 1, 2020 	  	January 1, 2030 	  	1st day of each month 	  	10 
years

  	  	Starting on the First Payment Date, we will pay the Periodic Amount. 
Thereafter, we will continue to pay this amount on each Periodic Date for 
as long as the Measuring Life lives. Payments end with the lest Periodic 
Amount due before the death of the Measuring Life if such date occurs after 
the Last Guaranteed Payment Date.

  	  	We will make Guaranteed Lump Sum Payment(s) under this Certificate as 
follows:
  	  	  	  	 
Lump Sum Payment Amount(s) 	  	payment Date(s)
$ 	42,500.00 	  	  	
  February 1, 2015
$ 	70,000.00 	  	  	
  February 1, 2025

  	  	On the Payment Date(s) we will pay the Lump Sum Payment Amount(s).

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

If            before all of the Guaranteed Payments become due, we will 
make the rest of them on their due dates to            Beneficiary, his 
wife, if living on such due date, otherwise to such of            and       
     his children, as may be living on such due date, Beneficiaries in 
equal shares, or to the survivor of them, if any, otherwise to the estate 
of the last to die of            and the Beneficiaries shown in this 
schedule.


End of Provision

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

SETTLBMENT AORESMENT RELVASB

This Settlement Agreement and Release (the Settlement Agreement) is made 
and entered into this                day of     ,       1996, by and 
between:

Plaintiff,           
Insurer,           

Recitals

A. Plaintiff filed a complaint against            (Defendant) in the 
Supreme Court, County of Bronx, State of New York, Court Action No.         
  , (the Complaint), which Complaint arose out of certain, alleged 
negligent acts or omissions by Defendant. In the Complaint, Plaintiff 
sought to recover monetary damages as a result of that Certain occurrence 
on or about            at            near or at            county of Bronx, 
City and State of New York which resulted in physical injuries and death 
for and personal injuries to Plaintiff,           .

B. Insurer is the liability insurer of the Defendant, and as such, would be 
obligated to pay any claim made or judgment obtained against Defendant 
which is covered by its policy with Defendant.

C. The parties desire to enter into this Settlement Agreement in order to 
provide for certain payments in full settlement and discharge of all claims 
which are or might have been, the subject of the Complaint upon the terms 
and conditions set forth below.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

AGREEMENT

     The parties are as follows:

1. Release and Discharge

     In consideration of the payments set forth in Section 2, Plaintiff 
hereby completely releases and forever discharges Defendant and Insurer 
from any and all past, present or future claims, demands, obligations, 
actions, causes of action, wrongful death claims, rights, damages, costs, 
*losses of service, expenses and compensation of any nature whatsoever, 
whether based on a tort, contract or other theory of recovery, which the 
Plaintiff now has, or which may hereafter accrue or otherwise be acquired, 
on account of, or may in any way grow out of, or which are the subject of 
the Complaint (and all related pleadings) including, without limitation, 
any and all known or unknown claims for bodily and Personal injuries to 
Plaintiff, or any future wrongful death claim of Plaintiffs 
representatives or heirs, which have resulted or may result from the 
alleged acts or omissions of the Defendant.

     This release and discharge shall. also apply to Defendants and 
Insurers past, present and future officers, directors, stockholders, 
attorneys, agents, servants, representatives, employees, subsidiaries,. 
affiliates, partners, predecessors and successors in interest, and assigns 
and all the persons, firms or corporations with whom any of the former have 
been, art now, or may hereafter be affiliated.

     This release, on the part of the Plaintiff, shall be a fully binding 
and complete settlement among the Plaintiff, the Defendant

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and the Insurer, and their heirs, assigns and successors. The Plaintiff 
agrees to defend, indemnify and hold the Defendant and Insurer harmless 
from and against all such claims, demands, obligations; actions, causes of 
action, damages,, coats and expenses.

     The Plaintiff acknowledges and agrees that the release and discharge 
set forth above is a general release. Plaintiff expressly waives and 
assumes the risk of any and all claims for damages which exist as of this 
date, but of which the Plaintiff does not know or suspect to exist, whether 
through ignorance, oversight, error, negligence, or otherwise, and which, 
if known, would materially affect Plaintiffs decision to enter into this 
Settlement Agreement. The Plaintiff further agrees that Plaintiff has 
accepted payment of the sums specified herein as a complete compromise of 
matters involving disputed issues of law and fact. Plaintiff assumes the 
risk that the facts or law may be other than plaintiff believes. It is 
understood and agreed to by the parties that this settlement is a 
compromise of a doubtful and. disputed claim, and the payments are not to 
be construed as an admission of liability on the part of the Defendant, by 
whom liability is expressly denied.

2. Payments

     In consideration of the release set forth above, the Insurer on behalf 
of the Defendant agrees to pay to the individual(s) named below (Payee 
(s)) the sums outlined below:

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

RE:           

                     as and for attorneys fees the sum

The Infant Somora Ponn is receive:

  	(a) 	  	$1,265.00 per month for life for 30 years guaranteed payment to 
begin on May 11, 2007;
 
  	(b) 	  	$20,000.00 per year for four consecutive years beginning May 11, 
2007;
 
  	(c) 	  	$25, 000.00 payable on May 11, 2011, guaranteed;
 
  	(d) 	  	$40,000.00 payable on May 11, 2016, guaranteed;
 
  	(e) 	  	$50,000.00 payable on May 11, 2021, guaranteed;
 
  	(f) 	  	$70,000.00 payable on May 11, 2026, guaranteed;
 
  	(g) 	  	$146,000.00 payable on May 11, 2031, guaranteed;

RE:           

                  as and for attorneys fees the sum of $290,667.00.        
    balance of funeral bill in the sum of $900.00.

           is to receive:

  	(a) 	  	$232,432.00 in cash;
 
  	(b) 	  	$1,460.00 per month for life with 30 years guaranteed, 
commencing December 25, 1995;
 
  	(c) 	  	$12,5.00 payable on December 25, 2000, guaranteed;
 
  	(d) 	  	$20,000.00 payable on December 25, 2005, guaranteed;
 
  	(e) 	  	$40,000.00 payable on December 25, 2010, guaranteed;
 
  	(f) 	  	$75,000.00 payable on December 25, 2015, guaranteed;
 
  	(g) 	  	$100,000.00 payable on December 25, 2026, guaranteed;

All sums set forth herein constitute damages on account of personal 
injuries or sickness, within the meaning of Section 104(a)(2) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

3. Payees Rights to Payments

Plaintiff acknowledges that the Periodic Payments cannot be accelerated, 
deferred, increased or decreased by the Plaintiff or any Payee; nor shall 
the Plaintiff or any Payee have the power to

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

sell, mortgage, encumber, or anticipate the Periodic Payments, or any part 
thereof, by assignment or otherwise.

4. Pavees Beneficiary

     Any payments to be made after the death of any Payee pursuant to the 
terms of this settlement Agreement shall be made to such person or entity 
as shall be designated in writing by Plaintiff to the Insurer or the 
Insurers Assignee. If no person or entity is so designated by Plaintiff, 
or if the person designated is not living at the time of the Payees death, 
such payments shall, be made to the estate of the Payee. No such 
designation, not any revocation thereof, shall be effective unless it is in 
writing and delivered to the Insurer or the insurers Assignee. The 
designation must be in a form acceptable to the Insurer or the Insurers 
Assignee before such payments are made.

5, Consent to Qualified Assignment

     Plaintiff acknowledges and agrees that the Defendant and/or the 
Insurer may make a qualified assignment, within the meaning of section 
130(o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as emended, of the Defendants 
and/or the Insurers liability to make the Periodic Payments set forth in 
Section 2 to            COMPANY (the Assignee). The Assignees Obligation 
for payment of the Periodic Payments shall be no greater than that of 
Defendant and/or the Insurer {whether by judgment or agreement} immediately 
Pre0eding the assignment of the Periodic Payments obligation.

     Any such assignment if made, shall be accepted by the Plaintiff 
without right of rejection and shall completely release

.A

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and discharge the Defendant and the Insurer from the Periodic Payments 
obligation assigned to the Assignee. The Plaintiff recognizes that, in the 
event of such an assignment, the Assignee shall be the sole obligor with 
respect to the Periodic Payments obligation, and that all other releases 
with respect to the Periodic Payments obligation that pertain to the 
liability of the Defendant and the Insurer shall thereupon become final, 
irrevocable and absolute, except that the            will issue a surety 
bond guaranteeing payment of all such periodic payments,

6. Right to Purchase an Annuity

The Defendant and/or the Insurer, itself or through its Assignee, reserve 
the right to fund the liability to make the Periodic Payments through the 
purchase of an annuity policy from            (Annuity Issuer). The 
Defendant, the Insurer or the Assignee shell be the sole owner of the 
annuity policy and shall have all rights of ownership. The Defendant, the 
insurer or the Assignee may have            (Annuity Issuer) mail 
payments directly to the Payee(s). The Plaintiff shall be responsible for 
maintaining a current mailing address for Payee(s) with            (Annuity 
Issuer).

7. Discharge of Obligation

     The obligation of the Defendant, the Insurer and/or Assignee to make 
each Periodic Payment shall be discharged upon the mailing

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of a valid check in the amount of such payment to the designated address of 
the Payee(s1 named in Section 2 of this Settlement Agreement.

8. Attorneys Fees

     Each party hereto shall bear all attorneys fees-and costs arising 
from the actions of its own counsel, in connection with the Complaint, 
this Settlement Agreement and the matter* and documents referred to herein, 
the filing of a Dismissal of the Complaint, and all related matters.

9. Delivery of Dismissal with Prejudice

     Concurrently with the execution of this Settlement Agreement, counsel 
for the Plaintiff shall deliver to counsel for the Defendant or counsel for 
the Insurer, an executed Stipulation of Discontinuance with Prejudice of 
the Complaint. Plaintiff hereby authorize* counsel for the Defendant and or 
counsel for the Insurer to file said Stipulation of Discontinuance with the 
Court and enter it as a matter of record.

10. Representation of Comprehension of Document

     In entering into this Settlement Agreement the Plaintiff represents 
that Plaintiff has relied upon the advice of his/her attorneys, who are the 
attorneys of his/her own choice, concerning the legal and income tax 
consequences of this Settlement Agreement; that the terms of this 
Settlement Agreement have been completely read and explained to Plaintiff 
by his/her attorneys; and that the terms of this Settlement Agreement are 
fully understood and voluntarily accepted by Plaintiff,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

11. Warranty of Capacity to Execute Agreement

     Plaintiff represents and warrants that no other person or entity has, 
or has had, any interest in the claims, demands, obligations, or causes of 
action referred to in this Settlement Agreement, except as otherwise set 
forth herein, that the Plaintiff has the sole right and exclusive authority 
to execute this Settlement Agreement and receive the sums specified in it; 
and that the plaintiff has not sold, assigned; transferred, conveyed or 
otherwise disposed of any of the claims, demands, obligations or causes of 
action referred to in this Settlement Agreement.

12. Confidentiality

     The parties agree that neither they nor their attorneys or 
representatives shall reveal to anyone, other than as may be mutually 
agreed to in writing, any of the terms of this settlement Agreement or any 
of the amounts, numbers or terns end. 8onditione of any gums payable to 
Payee(s) hereunder-

13. Governing Law

     This Settlement Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

14. Additional Documents

     All parties agree to cooperate fully and execute any and all 
supplementary documents and to tan all additional actions which may be 
necessary or appropriate to give full force and effect to the basic terms 
and intent of this Settlement Agreement.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

15. Entire Agreement and Successors in Interest

     This Settlement Agreement contains the entire agreement between the 
plaintiff, [the Defendant) and the Insurer with regard to the matters set 
forth in. it and shall be binding upon and ensure to the benefit of the 
executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, successors and 
assigns of each.

18. Effectiveness

     This Settlement Agreement shall b400me effective immediately following 
execution by each of the parties.
  	  	  	  	 
Plaintiff
          
  	  	 
By:   	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
Date:  	  	  	 
 
Plaintiffs Attorney

______________________________
  	  	 
By:   	             	  	 
  	  	  	 
Date:  	  	  	 
 
Insurer:

______________________________
  	 
By:   	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
Date:  	  	  	 
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE II

Issuers Chief Executive Office and Location of Records

Chief Executive Office

701 Park of Commerce Boulevard, Suite 301
Boca Raton, Florida 33487

Locations of Records

701 Park of Commerce Boulevard, Suite 301
Boca Raton, Florida 33487

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE III

Applicable Lock-Box Banks; Applicable Lock-Box Accounts;
Applicable Lock-Box Numbers
  	  	  	  	 
Settlement Lock-Box Accounts 	  	Settlement Lock-Box Bank 	  	Settlement 
Lock-Box Number
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
  	SunTrust Bank 	  	 
P.O. Box 116158
  	  	  	 
Atlanta, GA 30368-6158
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
For Overnight:
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
  	SunTrust Bank 	  	 
Attn: Box Number 116158
  	  	  	 
100 South Crest Drive
  	  	  	 
Stockbridge, GA 30281
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Annuity Lock-Box Accounts 	  	Annuity Lock-Box Bank 	  	Annuity Lock-Box 
Number
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
  	SunTrust Bank 	  	 
P.O. Box 102776
  	  	  	 
Atlanta, GA 30368-2776
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
For Overnight:
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
  	SunTrust Bank 	  	 
Attn: Box Number 102776
  	  	  	 
100 South Crest Drive
  	  	  	 
Stockbridge, GA 30281
  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE IV

ERISA Matters

None

124 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT A

Form of Settlement Purchase Agreements

See Attached

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ABSOLUTE SALE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
(THE AGREEMENT)
[Sign Date]

I, [Customer Name], (I, Me or Seller) residing at [ADDRESS, CITY, 
STATE ZIP] am entitled to [Periodic Payments] (the Periodic Payments), 
which I am receiving as a result of the settlement of a personal injury 
claim. The terms of the settlement are set forth in an agreement (the 
Settlement Agreement). The Periodic Payments are due to Me from 
[OBLIGOR] (the Settlement Obligor). The Settlement Agreement provides for 
the Periodic Payments to be paid to Me through an annuity issued by 
[ISSUER] (the Annuity Issuer), bearing Annuity Contract Number [CONTRACT 
NUMBER] .

A. I agree to sell and transfer to Washington Square Financial, LLC dba 
Imperial Structured Settlements (You or Purchaser) all of my rights to 
and interest in the following payments, which I am due to receive under the 
Settlement Agreement:

          [PAYMENT STREAM] (the Settlement Payments)

In consideration for selling and transferring to You my rights to receive 
these payments, You shall pay Me the sum of: $[GROSS PURCHASE PRICE] (the 
Purchase Price).

B. I hereby make the following unconditional representations, warranties 
and promises:

  	1. 	  	No one other than Me has any interest or claim of any kind or 
nature in, to or under the Settlement Payments.
 
  	2. 	  	I am not indebted to anyone that would in any way affect either 
the sale and transfer of the Settlement Payments referenced above or 
Purchasers absolute rights to receive the Settlement Payments.
 
  	3. 	  	I agree to conduct my affairs so as to ensure that You receive 
the Settlement Payments exactly as described in Paragraph A above.

C. I understand and agree that I will be in breach of this Agreement if:

  	1. 	  	Any of the representations set forth in Paragraphs B (1) and B 
(2) at any time turn out to be untrue.
 
  	2. 	  	I fail to perform the promise set forth in Paragraph B (3) above.
 
  	3. 	  	Either the Settlement Obligor or the Annuity Issuer refuses or 
fails to make any one or more of the Settlement Payments as a result of any 
act by Me, my estate, my representatives, or any of my heirs.
 
  	4. 	  	I fail to promptly forward to You any of the Settlement Payments 
that might be received by Me from the Settlement Obligor or the Annuity 
Issuer after the sale and transfer to You has been completed.
 
  	5. 	  	I fail to fulfill any other obligation of mine under this 
Agreement.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

D. Your obligation to complete this transaction, and to pay Me the Purchase 
Price depends upon the following conditions being satisfied unless waived 
by You.

  	1. 	  	You shall be satisfied, in Your sole reasonable judgment, that 
there are no claims or interests of any kind or nature that do or could 
affect rights to or interest in the Settlement Payments and/or prevent or 
interfere with Your receipt of the Settlement Payments on the dates and in 
the amounts described above Paragraph A, exactly in such amounts and at the 
times set forth therein.
 
  	2. 	  	You have received a final non-appealable court order and/or a 
signed acknowledgment from Settlement Obligor and Annuity Issuer 
satisfactory to the Purchaser in its sole discretion (collectively referred 
to as the Order), which You, in Your sole judgment, consider sufficient 
to recognize, authorize, and provide for the transfer by sale of the 
Settlement Payments (which may continue to be made out to my name) to You, 
Purchaser, and to insure that the Periodic Payments due on or after the day 
of the Order will be forwarded directly to You.

E. Security Interest. Seller and Purchaser intend that the sale of the 
Settlement Payments referenced above shall constitute a sale from the 
Seller to the Purchaser under applicable law, which sales are absolute and 
irrevocable and provide the Purchaser with all indicia and rights of 
ownership of the Settlement Payments. Neither the Seller nor the Purchaser 
intends the transactions contemplated hereunder to be, or for any purpose 
to be characterized as, loans from the Purchaser to the Seller secured by 
the Settlement Payments. If, notwithstanding the intention of the parties 
expressed above, any sale by the Seller to the Purchaser of the Settlement 
Payments shall be characterized as a secured loan and not a valid sale or 
absolute transfer or such sale or transfer shall for any reason be 
ineffective or unenforceable, then this Agreement shall be deemed to 
constitute a security agreement under the UCC and other applicable law in 
the rights to and interest in payments due to Me under the Settlement 
Agreement which I am selling to You under this Agreement. This security 
interest secures payment of the rights sold by Seller to Purchaser and the 
performance of Sellers obligations above. Seller authorizes Purchaser to 
direct any account debtor or obligor on an instrument, without limitation, 
Settlement Obligor or Annuity Issuer, to make periodic payments directly to 
Purchaser and as contemplated by the Uniform Commercial Code. Purchaser is 
authorized to file a UCC-1 Financing Statement to perfect Purchasers 
rights and the security interest intended to be created under this 
Agreement.

F. Except as otherwise required by applicable statutory law, this Agreement 
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the law of the 
state of residence of the Seller on the date of this Agreement.


ARBITRATION

Any and all controversies, claims, disputes, rights, interests, suits or 
causes of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the 
negotiations related thereto, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by 
binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association. 
The demand for arbitration shall be filed in writing with the other party 
to this Agreement and with the American Arbitration Association offices in 
your state of residence. The arbitration shall be held in the largest city 
in your state of residence. The arbitration shall be held before a single 
arbitrator selected in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of 
the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time that the demand 
for arbitration is filed. Discovery, specifically including 
interrogatories, production of documents and depositions shall be at the 
discretion of the arbitrator and to the extent

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

permitted shall be conducted in accordance with, and governed by the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.

A demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time after the 
claim, dispute or other matter in question has arisen. In no event, shall 
the demand for arbitration be made after the date when institution of legal 
or equitable proceedings based on such claim, dispute or other matter in 
question, would be barred by the applicable statute of limitations.

No arbitration arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall include, 
by consolidation or joinder or in any other manner, an additional person or 
entity not a party to this Agreement, except by written consent of the 
parties hereto, containing a specific reference to this Agreement and 
signed by the entity sought to be joined. Consent to arbitration involving 
an additional person or entity shall not constitute consent to arbitration 
of any claim, dispute or other matter in question not described in the 
written consent or with a person or entity not named or described therein. 
The foregoing agreement to arbitrate and other agreements to arbitrate with 
an additional person or entity duly consented to by parties to this 
Agreement, shall be specifically enforceable in accordance with applicable 
law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final, and judgment may be 
entered upon it in accordance with applicable law in any court having 
jurisdiction thereof. Such arbitrator shall identify the substantially 
prevailing party and shall include legal fees and expenses for the 
substantially prevailing party.

This provision does not apply to the extent inconsistent with applicable 
state law regarding the transfer of structured settlement payments. In such 
case any disputes between the parties will be governed in accordance with 
the laws of the domicile state of the payee and the domicile state of the 
payee is the proper venue

G. I hereby grant You an Irrevocable Power of Attorney with full powers of 
substitution to do all acts and things that I might do regarding the 
Settlement Payments, and any and all rights I have under the Settlement 
Agreement. I understand and intend that by doing so, I am giving You all of 
the power and right I currently have under the Settlement Agreement to 
endorse checks, drafts or other instruments, to alter, edit and change 
payment instructions and/or beneficiary designations, and/or to perform any 
other act in my name that in Your sole discretion as my Attorney-in-Fact is 
necessary or expedient for You to obtain all of the benefits of the bargain 
contemplated by this transaction. This power of attorney is coupled with an 
interest and shall survive my death or disability.

H. Payments Received by Party Other Than the Party Intended to Receive the 
Payments.

  	1. 	  	If prior to the completion of the transfer provided for in this 
Agreement, I receive any of the Settlement Payments or any portion thereof, 
I understand and agree an equal amount shall be deducted from the Purchase 
Price, and the Purchase Price shall be reduced in the same amount as these 
payments, and that the terms of this Agreement regarding the payments to be 
assigned, shall be treated as amended to reflect for the adjusted amount.
 
  	2. 	  	In the event You receive or otherwise come into possession of any 
of the Periodic Payment(s) or portion(s) thereof which are not included in 
the payments being absolutely sold to You pursuant to this Agreement, You 
agree to forward such amount(s) to Me at the address set forth above within 
seven (7) days of receipt of such amount(s).

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

I. You shall be entitled to, and are authorized by Me to discharge any 
liens or adverse claims against Me or any of the Settlement Payments, 
whether of not such adverse claims are disclosed, and You are further 
authorized by Me, provided You furnish prior written notice to Me, to pay 
any and all amounts necessary or if the Purchase Price has been deposited 
into an escrow account, to instruct the escrow agent to pay any and all 
amounts necessary to discharge such liens or other adverse claims. I 
understand and agree that any such amounts that You pay are payments You 
are making on my behalf and shall reduce the Purchase Price. Adverse claims 
may include disclosed amounts to be deducted by You from the Purchase Price 
to pay You, as servicer for Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial 
Structured Settlements, to enable Me to obtain Washington Square Financial, 
LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements release of its encumbrance on a 
portion of the Settlement Payments relating to a prior transfer 
transaction(s) that occurred before the enactment of the applicable statue 
(Transfer Act) regulating such transfers. I understand and acknowledge 
that the law currently in effect requires that such encumbrance be released 
in order to complete the transfer that is the subject of this Agreement.

J. This Agreement shall take effect on the date it is signed by Me (the 
Seller) or on such later date prescribed by applicable law.

K. All disclosure statements I receive from You in connection with this 
transaction are a material part of this Agreement and shall be considered 
part of the terms of this Agreement and shall be read as if the contents of 
the disclosure statement were set forth in full in the body of this 
Agreement.

L. I know that it will take some time for the Settlement Obligor and the 
Annuity Issuer to receive and process the court order once it is granted. I 
would like to receive the Purchase Price or a portion thereof as soon as 
possible thereafter. Accordingly, I hereby request Purchaser to pay Me a 
portion of the Purchase Price as soon as possible after the court order is 
granted and authorize Purchaser to hold in escrow an amount it deems 
necessary or advisable from the Purchase Price (the Escrow Amount) until 
all conditions precedent have been satisfied, including, without 
limitation, the receipt by Purchaser of the Settlement Obligor and the 
Annuity Issuers acknowledgment of the terms of the court order in writing 
and their agreement to honor and comply with same. At such time or earlier 
as Purchaser may determine, I understand that Purchaser will send the 
Escrow Amount to Me minus any Settlement Payments that the Annuity Issuer 
and/or Settlement Obligor sent to Me while the Settlement Obligor and the 
Annuity Issuer were processing the court order.

M. I have the right to cancel this Agreement, without penalty or further 
obligation, within the first three business days after the date the 
Agreement is signed, by providing You with written notice within three (3) 
day period, as provided for in Paragraph N.

N. All notices, demands, and other communications required or permitted 
under this Agreement must be made in writing, and delivered by hand, via 
the United States Post Office, Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, or 
by overnight delivery service, to You or Me as the recipient at the address 
set forth in the beginning of this Agreement and must be evidenced by a 
receipt showing time, date of delivery and the person receiving the 
delivery.
  	  	 
 
  	 
In witness whereof I hereunto set my hand.
  	 
 
  	 
  	  	 
 
  	[CUSTOMER NAME]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

STATE OF                                                                

COUNTY OR CITY OF                                            

     On the                       day of                                    
       , in the year                       before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared [Customer Name] personally known to me or proved to me 
on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) 
is (are) subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that 
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by 
his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the 
person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the 
instrument.
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Notary 	  	 

PLEASE DO NOT SIGN THIS
DOCUMENT UNTIL [Sign Date]

My Commission expires on:                                                   
              

Accepted:

Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Title:   	  	 
Date:  	  	 
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AFFIDAVIT

I, [Customer] , of full age, being duly sworn according to the law, upon my 
oath depose to say:

     1. I currently reside at [ADDRESS, CITY, STATE ZIP] .

     2. I am the recipient of certain guaranteed payments under a 
structured settlement. The entity presently obligated to make the payments 
due under the structured settlement is [OBLIGOR] . In order to fund its 
payment obligations under the structured settlement [OBLIGOR] purchased an 
annuity contract [POLICY NUMBER] from [ISSUER] .

     3. I voluntarily entered into an Absolute Sale and Security Agreement 
(the Agreement) dated [CONTRACT SIGN DATE] with Washington Square 
Financial LLC d/b/a Imperial Structured Settlements (Imperial). Under 
that Agreement, I agreed to sell and transfer to Imperial the following 
payments due to me under the structured settlement:

          [PAYMENT STREAM]

     4. I understand I will forego receipt of the Settlement Payments under 
the Agreement. I understand that my beneficiaries/heirs and I will no 
longer receive any of the Settlement Payments or any portion of the 
Settlement Payments. I understand that all of the Settlement Payments will 
go to Imperial or the assigns of Imperial.

     5. I also understand that this Affidavit is submitted for use in the 
court approval process initiated by Imperial and myself to seek court 
approval of the sale and transfer of payments to Imperial.

     6. I also received from Imperial a Disclosure Statement detailing the 
terms of the Agreement, which I signed and returned to Imperial. I 
carefully reviewed the Disclosure Statement and fully and completely 
understand all terms of the Disclosure Statement.

     7. In the Disclosure Statement, Imperial advised me to seek 
professional advice regarding the Agreement from an attorney, accountant or 
other professional of my choice.

          I have either received said advice or fully intend to receive 
independent professional advice regarding this transaction.

          I have decided to waive the independent professional advice 
regarding this transaction.

     8. [CUSTOMER SELF DESCRIPTION]

     9. I have thoroughly considered this transaction, my alternatives and 
the use to which I will put the proceeds of this sale and transfer. I have 
considered the impact of this transaction on [MY

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

DEPENDENT(S) if any AND/OR] myself. I will be able to improve [MY and/or 
OUR (IF DEPENDENTS)] present standard of living if I am permitted to 
transfer and sell my right to receive the Settlement Payments to Imperial 
as described in this Affidavit. After considering these factors I believe 
that this transaction is in my best interest [and/or the best interest of 
my dependent(s)] .

     10. I intend to use the proceeds I receive from Imperial under the 
Agreement to [Elaborate here on what the $ will be broken down and used 
for] . Therefore, I have decided to pursue this transaction with Imperial.

     11. I will not be using any portion of the proceeds from the Agreement 
for day-to-day expenses. [I HAVE or HAVE NEVER] assigned, transferred, 
sold, or pledged [ANY or A PORTION] of the structured settlement payments 
that I am proposing to transfer and sell herein to any party or entity. [I 
have child support / alimony or other obligation] I do not believe that 
approval of this sale and transfer will negatively affect [our or my] 
standard of living or harm us in any way. Therefore, I have determined that 
completing this transaction with Imperial is in my best interest and will 
improve the quality of my life.

                                                            
[CUSTOMERS NAME]
STATE OF                                             
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                             


     On the                      day of                      , in the year 
                     before me, the undersigned, personally appeared 
[CUSTOMERS NAME] , personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledge to me that he/she/they 
executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their 
signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

                                                            
Notary

PLEASE DO NOT SIGN THIS
DOCUMENT UNTIL [Sign Date]

My commission expires on                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Authorization to Release Information

I, [CUSTOMER] , hereby request and authorize [OBLIGOR] , [ISSUER] , or any 
of their successors, assigns, designees, agents or administrators, to 
disclose any and all information pertaining to my personal injury case and 
structured settlement deemed necessary by Washington Square Financial, LLC 
dba Imperial Structured Settlements, or any of its agents or designees. 
Please make available and furnish to Washington Square Financial, LLC dba 
Imperial Structured Settlements, or any of its agents or designees and all 
information pertaining to my structured settlement and the underlying 
annuity. Said authorization expressly includes but is not limited to a copy 
of my release and settlement agreement, any and all orders approving, 
governing or limiting said agreement, and the annuity contract, itself. I 
specifically direct that the above named entities and individuals cooperate 
with Washington Square Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements 
or any of its agents or designees regarding the disclosure of the 
aforementioned documents and provide any relevant information requested. 
Please provide copies of any and all documents requested via fax to (866) 
704-0772 or via U.S. Mail to:

Imperial Structured Settlements
701 Park of Commerce Blvd, Suite 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487
Attn: M.J.


                                                                     
[CUSTOMER]


Dated:                                                        

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

[Sign Date]

[ISSUER]
[ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE ZIP]

Re: Annuity Contract No. [CONTRACT NUMBER]
               Claimant: [CUSTOMERS NAME]
               SS#: [SSN]

Dear Sirs:

     Please change your records to show the Estate of [Customer] as the 
beneficiary after my death under the above-captioned settlement agreement 
and annuity contract.

Kindly confirm that you have made this modification to your records, by 
using the space provided below, and mailing to: Washington Square 
Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements, 701 Park of Commerce 
Blvd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, Florida 33487.

Regards,

                                                            
[Customer]

STATE OF                                        

COUNTY OR CITY OF                     

On the                      day of                     , in the year        
              before me, the undersigned, personally appeared [Customer], 
personally known to me, or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

                                                            
Notary

My Commission expires on                                         

[ISSUER]
By:                                  Dated:                                 
    

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

[Sign Date]

[OBLIGOR]
[ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE ZIP]

Re: Annuity Contract No. [CONTRACT NUMBER]
               Claimant: [CUSTOMERS NAME]
               SS#: [SSN]

Dear Sirs:

     Please change your records to show the Estate of [Customer] as the 
beneficiary after my death under the above-captioned settlement agreement 
and annuity contract.

Kindly confirm that you have made this modification to your records, by 
using the space provided below, and mailing to: Washington Square 
Financial, LLC dba Imperial Structured Settlements, 701 Park of Commerce 
Blvd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, Florida 33487.

Regards,

                                                            
[Customer]

STATE OF                                         
COUNTY OR CITY OF                     

On the                      day of                     , in the year        
              before me, the undersigned, personally appeared [Customer], 
personally known to me, or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, and the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of 
which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

                                                            
Notary

My Commission expires on                                         

[OBLIGOR]
By:                             Dated:                     

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Structured Settlement
COURT ORDER APPLICATION

Background Info.:
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Your name
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	First 	  	Middle 	  	Last

Maiden name or alias:
                
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name on your SS card
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	First 	  	Middle 	  	Last
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Address
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	Street 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	City 	  	State 	  	Zip

Home phone:                      Work:                      Cell:           
           Alt:                     

E-mail address:
           

Social Security Number:                                                     
         Date of Birth:                      

Emergency contact name:                                                     
         Phone:                      

Relationship:
          

Structured Settlement Info:

Name of attorney that handled this matter for you:
                                   

City/State where attorney practices:                      Phone Number:     
                

Who did you sue?
              

Where you a minor? o Yes o No Who sued on your behalf?                     
                    

     I=1 Accident happened in                      (year) and I dont 
recall the attorneys name.

Where was the case settled (city, county, state)?                           
                                  

Who is the current beneficiary of your payments?                     

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Income & Dependent Info.:
  	  	  	  	 
Income:
  	Job $ «[income]»     Annuity $ «[income]»     Spouse $ «[income]» 	  	
Total Monthly $ «[income]»
 
  	SSI $ «[income]»     Disability $ «[income]» 	  	 
 
  	Rental $ «[income]»     Child Support $ «[income]» 	  	Total Annual $ 
«[income]»
 
  	Alimony $ «[income]»     Pension $ «[income]» 	  	 

Do you own or rent? o Own o Rent Mortgage/Rent payment:$                    
/mo

Do you live rent-free? o Yes o No
  	  	 
If YES, who do you live with?
  	 
 
  	 
relationship:
  	 
 
  	 

Do you have any children? o Yes o No
  	  	 
NAME: 	  	AGE:
 
  	 

Do they live with you? o Yes o No
  	  	 
If NO, who do they live with?:
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	(name)
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	(address)
 
  	 
 
  	 
 
  	(city/state/zip)

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Do you pay child support? o Yes o No

     If YES, how much? $                      /mo

     Paid to (individual):
                

     Paid to (agency):
                

 
(address)

Do you owe any money in back child support? o Yes o No

     If YES, how much do you owe? $                                         


Are your annuity payments being deducted/garnished to pay for child support 
or arrearages? o Yes o No

     If YES, how much is being deducted? $                      /mo

Employment Info.:

Are you working? o Yes 1=1 No

     If YES:

     Current Occupation:                                                    
          How long?:                     

     Employers Full Business Name:
                        
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  Employers Address:
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	address 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	city 	  	state 	  	zip

     What is your current annual salary?: $                     /year

     If NO:

     Why?
       

     Are you employable? o Yes o No

Employment history  what other jobs have you had?:
                                      

Are you disabled o Yes o No

     If YES, what is the nature of the disability?
                               

Do you support yourself without relying on anyone elses salary or income? 
1=1 Yes o No

     If YES, how?:
            

     For how long?:
            

How far did you get in school?:
                      

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Marriage Info.:

Marital Status (please check one) o Single o Married o Divorced o Widowed 
o Separated o Life-Partner Spouses name:

     Spouses address:
               

What does is your spouses occupation?
                             
  	  	  	  	 
Employers Address:
  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	city 	  	state

     What is their current annual salary?: $                     /year

Have you ever been divorced? o Yes o No            If YES, how many times:  
               

     Former spouses name:                                                  
           

     Location of filing of divorce (City/State):                            
             

     Date of filing (month/year):                     

     Former spouses name:                                                  
           

     Location of filing of divorce (City/State):                            
             

     Date of filing (month/year):                     

Miscellaneous Info:

Do you have any liens or judgments against you? o Yes o No

     If YES, amount?      $                     per                     

     By who?:
         

Have you ever filed for bankruptcy? o Yes o No

     If YES, when?:                     

     What state?:                     

Do you have any tax liens? o Yes o No

     If YES, how much? $                     

     What state?:                                         

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Have you previously sold any of your structured settlement payments? o Yes 
o No If YES, to who?:
                                                                     

Have your annuity payments ever previously been garnished? o Yes o No

Is there any other individual entitled to a portion of any of your 
payments? 1=1 o Yeso No

If YES, who?
          

Where do they live?
               

Have you received any payments from your structured settlement in the past 
12 months? o Yes o No

If YES, how much? $                           

What did you do with the money?
                        

Medical Info.:
          

Do you currently depend on your annuity payments for any medical 
necessities? o Yes o No

Have you ever had a serious head injury? o Yes o No

Have you ever been in a coma? o Yes o No

     If YES, please explain further:

 

 

 

 

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

If YES, please supply the name, relationship and contact information of 2 
personal references that Imperial may contact.

IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD A SERIOUS HEAD INJURY  PLEASE SKIP THE REST OF THIS 
SECTION.

Name of proposed reference:
                     

How long have you known him/her?:                      years.

Whats their relationship to you:
                        
(ex: Parent/ Spouse/ Brother/ Sister/ Daughter/ Son/ Aunt/ Uncle/ Employer/ 
Co-Worker/ Priest/ Rabbi/ Physician)
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Address:
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	address 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	city 	  	state 	  	zip

     Phone 1)                                          Phone 2)             
                             

Name of proposed reference:
                    

How long have you known him/her?:                      years.

Whats their relationship to you:
                        
(ex: Parent/ Spouse/ Brother/ Sister/ Daughter/ Son/ Aunt/ Uncle/ Employer/ 
Co-Worker/ Priest/ Rabbi/ Physician)
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Address:
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	address 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
 
  	city 	  	state 	  	zip

     Phone 1)                                         Phone 2)              
                            

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

It is understood and agreed by you that: (a) To the best of your knowledge 
and belief all of the statements and answers on this application are true, 
complete and accurately stated; (b) These statements and answers are used 
in accordance with the proposed transfer of your structured settlement 
benefits, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Absolute 
Assignment entered into between you and us, and in so doing, we will rely 
on the truthfulness of your statements and answers.

Signature of applicant:                                                     
         Date:                      

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AFFIDAVIT HELPER SECTION

Please describe in detail what led to your structured settlement:

 

 

 

 

 

 

     WHY DO YOU NEED THE MONEY  WHAT WILL YOU DO WITH IT? (Please be 
*VERY DETAILED* in exactly how this money will be spent down to the dollar 
or this will be returned to you. Ask the customer WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, 
WHY and HOW !!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


DISCLOSURE AFFIDAVIT

I, [Customer Name], being of full age and duly sworn according to law, 
upon my oath depose and say:

  	1. 	  	I am over the age of 18 and am of sound and deposing mind.
 
  	2. 	  	I reside at [ADDRESS, CITY, STATE ZIP] .
 
  	3. 	  	I received all of the statutorily required Disclosures on [DATE], 
by E-mail, at the following Email address: [EMAIL]


 
[Customer Name]

STATE OF                                         
COUNTY OR CITY OF                     

     On the                      day of                                     
    , in the year                      before me, the undersigned, 
personally appeared [Customer Name] , personally known to me or proved to 
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose 
names(s) is (are) subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to 
me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/ their capacity(ies), and 
that by his/her/ their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), 
or the person upon behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the 
instrument.

 
Notary

My Commission expires on                                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

[Sign Date]

[CUSTOMERS NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE ZIP]

RE: METHOD OF PAYMENT REQUEST

Dear [CUSTOMERS NAME]:

We appreciate you doing business with Imperial Structured Settlements. At 
the close of this transaction, we will remit your funds by check as you 
indicate below. Please complete this form to receive your lump sum in 
exchange for the assigned payments set forth in our agreement.

AT FUNDING, I WANT TO RECEIVE A CHECK AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS:

 

 

 

Please acknowledge that the information above is correct by signing below. 
If you have any questions about completing this form please do not hesitate 
to call us.

Acknowledgement:
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
[CUSTOMERS NAME]  	  	 
  	  	 
 

Date:                                                             

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

[Sign Date]

[CUSTOMERS NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE ZIP]

RE: METHOD OF PAYMENT REQUEST

Dear [CUSTOMERS NAME]:

We appreciate you doing business with Imperial Structured Settlements. At 
the close of this transaction, we will remit your funds by direct deposit 
as you indicate below. Please complete this form to receive your lump sum 
in exchange for the assigned payments set forth in our agreement.

AT FUNDING, I WANT MY FUNDS TO BE TRANSFERRED TO THE FOLLOWING ACCOUNT: 
Bank

                   

     Transit/ABA# for Wire:
                   

     Bank Name:
           

Exact Name(s) on Bank Account:
                       

Type of Account: o Checking     or o Savings  (please check only one)

 
Bank Account #:

 

Bank Phone : (                                         )                    
                                           

Further credit to:

     Bank Transit/ABA# for Wire:
                        

Bank Name:
         

Bank Phone : (                                         )                    
                                           

Please acknowledge that the information above is correct by signing below. 
If you have any questions about completing this form please do not hesitate 
to call us.

Acknowledgement:
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
[CUSTOMERS NAME]  	  	 
  	  	 
 

Date:                                                             

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


[Customer Name]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

[Date]

[ISSUER]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

Re: Annuity Contract No. [CONTRACT NUMBER]
          Social Security Number: [SSN]
          Date of Birth: [DOB]

I am writing to request a complete copy of the original documents 
pertaining to my structured settlement and annuity contract which I am the 
named payee. Please provide me with the name of the annuity owner as well 
as a detailed description of the payments I am entitled to receive. Please 
be sure to include the payment amount and the start date of the payments, 
as well as the date the payments are due. It is important that I receive as 
much of the requested information as you can provide, as soon as possible. 
Additionally, please provide me with the name of the current 
beneficiary(s). Once you have processed this request, please fax the 
documents to 1-866-704-0772. Please make sure your records reflect my 
current address as[ADDRESS, CITY, STATE ZIP] . If you are unable to 
comply with this request, please inform me in writing. You may contact me 
if you have any questions, or if I may otherwise be of assistance.
  	  	  	  	 
  	Sincerely,
  	 
  	   	 
  	[Customer Name]  	 
  	  	 
 

STATE OF                                                                    
                                     
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                                           
                          

On the                day of                     , in the year            
before me, the undersigned, personally appeared [Customer Name] , 
personally known to me, or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to the individuals(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, the individuals(s), or the person upon behalf of which 
the individual (s) acted, executed the instrument.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	   	 
  	Notary  	 
  	  	 
 

My Commission expires on                                                    
         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


[Customer Name]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

[Date]

[OBLIGOR]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

Re: Annuity Contract No. [CONTRACT NUMBER]
          Social Security Number: [SSN]
          Date of Birth: [DOB]

I am writing to request a complete copy of the original documents 
pertaining to my structured settlement and annuity contract, under which I 
am the named payee. Please provide me with the following information:

 Release and Settlement Agreement giving rise to the structured settlement

 Court Order approving the settlement (if applicable)

 Qualified Assignment of the payment obligation (if applicable)

 Name of the current beneficiary(s)

It is important that I receive as much of the above information as you can 
provide, as soon as possible. Once you have processed this request, please 
fax the documents to 1-866-704-0772. Please make sure your records reflect 
my current address as [ADDRESS, CITY, STATE ZIP] . Please contact me if 
you have any questions, or if I may otherwise be of assistance.
  	  	  	  	 
Sincerely,
  	  	 
  	  	 
[Customer Name]  	  	 
  	  	 
 

STATE OF                                                                    
                                   
COUNTY OR CITY OF                                                           
                        

On the                 day of                , in the year                 
before me, the undersigned, personally appeared [Customer Name] , 
personally known to me, or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual(s), whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to 
within the instrument, and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the 
same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) 
on the instrument, the individuals(s), or the person upon behalf of which 
the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	   	 
  	Notary  	 
  	  	 
 

My Commission expires on                         

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


STRUCTURED SETTLEMENT REQUIRED
DOCUMENT CHECKLIST

PLEASE PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CHECKED ITEMS. THESE ITEMS AND DOCUMENTS ARE 
EXTREMELY IMPORTANT TO THIS TRANSACTION:

                	  	SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE (If you do not have 
this document, please contact your personal injury attorney)
 
                	  	 ANNUITY CONTRACT or BENEFITS LETTER (If you do not 
have this document, please contact the insurance company)
 
                	  	 THE ENCLOSED CONTRACT (All documents must be signed 
and notarized where indicated)
 
                	  	 UNIFORM QUALIFIED ASSIGNMENT (If you do not have this 
document, please contact the insurance company)
 
                	  	LEGIBLE COPY OF DRIVERS LICENSE, STATE I.D. or 
PASSPORT (If the name on your ID does not match the name on your settlement 
and/or annuity documents you will need to provide proof of your name 
change)
 
                	  	 COPY OF SOCIAL SECURITY CARD (You may substitute with 
your previous years income tax return)
 
                	  	IPA STATEMENT (If you are required or have elected to 
obtain independent professional advice regarding this transaction)
 
                	  	 DIVORCE DECREE (If you obtained your divorce after the 
date of your settlement or annuity, we will be required to prove your 
ex-spouse has no claim to your payments)
 
                	  	 LETTER OF SUPPORT/PROOF OF INCOME (If you fall below 
minimum income requirements)

WE MUST HAVE TWO CLEAR FORMS OF IDENTIFICATION AS SOON AS POSSIBLE TO AVOID 
DELAYING THIS TRANSACTION.

PLEASE RETURN THE REQUESTED DOCUMENTS WITH YOUR ENTIRE CONTRACT PACKAGE.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


PRIVACY POLICY

Washington Square Financial, LLC d/b/a Imperial Structured Settlements 
(hereinafter ISS), a family of companies recognizes the importance of 
protecting your nonpublic personal information. Because your privacy is our 
concern, we have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you about our 
privacy practices. The examples in this Privacy Policy are illustrative 
only and are not intended to be exclusive.

We obtain information about you directly from you, from applications, 
contracts, documents and forms you complete or sign, or in telephone 
conversations with you. We may obtain additional information about you or, 
with your authorization, others who may have an interest in your insurance 
policy or annuity contract, from additional sources, including your 
insurance company, insurance producer, health care providers, credit 
reporting agencies, and your representatives or advisors. We may also 
obtain information about you from public records and, with your 
authorization, other persons. We may obtain the following nonpublic 
personal information about you:

Personal Information:

Name, address, social security number, drivers license number, occupation 
and employer.

Financial Information:

Assets, income, credit history, banking information and account numbers.

Legal Information:

Judgments, liens, bankruptcies, divorces, probate, and other civil and 
criminal court proceedings.

Other identifying information:

Birth date, telephone and fax numbers, email, street, and mailing 
addresses.

Insurance or Annuity Policy Information:

Policy terms, conditions and limits; named beneficiaries; premiums and 
payment history.

Medical Information:

Current health status and prior health care treatments.

ISS will not rent or sell your nonpublic personal information to anyone. 
However, we will disclose your information if we are required by law to do 
so. Additionally, with your authorization, we will disclose your nonpublic 
personal health information to our affiliates and non-affiliated companies 
that provide services for us related to a transaction you request. 
Additionally, as permitted by law and with your authorization, we may 
disclose your health information to allow our authorized representative to 
contact you for purposes of determining your current health status.

As permitted by law or with your authorization, we will share your 
nonpublic personal financial information to our affiliates and 
non-affiliated companies that provide services for us related to a 
transaction you request; establish or exercise our legal rights or defend 
against legal claims; in connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger, 
transfer, exchange or consolidation of ISS or any portion of our business; 
to secure services and advice from our attorneys, accountants and

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

auditors; and, to permit our affiliates to contact you about other products 
and services offered by Imperial companies.

We may also disclose your nonpublic personal financial information for 
other purposes or to other persons with your authorization or otherwise as 
required or permitted by law.

FORMER CUSTOMERS  We treat information about our former customers in the 
same manner as we treat information about our current customers.

CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY  We restrict access to the nonpublic personal 
information we receive about you. Only employees of ISS companies who need 
to know that information to provide products or services to you have access 
to your information. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural 
safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information against 
unauthorized access or use. Non-affiliated companies to whom we disclose 
your nonpublic personal information are obligated to maintain your privacy 
under confidentiality agreements and do not have any independent right to 
use your information.

Maintaining the accuracy of your information is a shared responsibility. We 
maintain the integrity of the information you provide us and will update 
your records when you notify us of a change. Please contact us at the 
address or phone number listed below when information concerning your 
changes.

UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  From time to time we may change our Privacy 
Policy. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time.

CONTACT INFORMATION

The ISS companies include:

Washington Square Financial, LLC d/b/a Imperial Structured Settlements
Haverhill Receivables, LLC
Imperial Receivables V, LLC
Imperial Receivables VI, LLC
Imperial Annuities, LLC
Imperial SRC I, LLC
Imperial SRC II, LLC
Imperial SRC III, LLC
Imperial SRC IV, LLC
Imperial SRC V, LLC

If you have questions about the information in this notice, please write us 
at:

Imperial Structured Settlements
Customer Service
701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite 301
Boca Raton FL 33487
  	  	  	  	 
This policy is effective June 2007 	  	  	  	 

2 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
[STATE]

DATE PROVIDED: [FULL DATE]

PAYEE: [PAYEES NAME]

This Disclosure Statement is being provided by Washington Square Financial, 
LLC dba IMPERIAL STRUCTURED SETTLEMENTS (Imperial or Us) to [PAYEES 
NAME], (Payee or You) in connection with Payees agreement to transfer 
and sell to Imperial certain structured settlement payment rights due 
Payee.

     1. Schedule of Payments Transferred. The Payee intends to transfer or 
sell to Imperial all of Payees rights, title and interest in the following 
payments:

     [Payment stream(s)]

     2. Aggregate Amount of Payments Transferred. The aggregate amount of 
payments to be sold and transferred to Imperial totals $ [Amount] .

     3. Discounted Present Value. The discounted present value of the 
aggregate payments sold and transferred at [Percent] % is $ [Amount] . The 
discounted present value is the calculation of current value of the sold 
and transferred structured settlement payments under federal standards for 
valuing annuities. THIS IS NOT THE RATE USED TO CALCULATE THE PURCHASE 
PRICE.

     4. Calculation of Discounted Present Value. The discounted present 
value of payments shall be calculated as follows: The applicable federal 
rate used in calculating the discounted present value is [Percent] %.

     5. Gross Amount Payable. In exchange for these payments, the Payee 
will receive the gross amount of $[Amount] , which represents a nominal 
annual discount rate of [Percent] % and an effective annual discount rate 
of [Percent] %, assuming monthly compounding and an assumed funding date of 
[Amount] . Funding will not occur until everything necessary under the 
Absolute Sale and Security Agreement has taken place.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6. Fees and Expenses. The Payee will be responsible for the following 
approximate commissions, charges, fees, expenses, and costs in connection 
with the closing of this transaction:

Legal Fees  $2,000.00
Processing Fees  $200.00

     7. Net Amount Payable. The net amount payable to Payee after the 
deduction of all commissions, fees, costs, expenses and charges described 
in paragraph 6 of this disclosure is $[Amount] .

     8. Quotient. The net amount that you will receive from us in exchange 
for your future structured settlement payments represents [Percent] % of 
the estimated current value of the payments based upon the discounted value 
using the applicable federal rate. The quotient is [Percent] %.

     9. Effective Annual Interest Rate: Based on the net amount that you 
receive from us and the amounts and timing of the structured settlement 
payments that you are selling to us, you will, in effect, be paying 
interest to us at a rate of [Percent] % per year.

     10. Right To Cancel. The Payee shall have the right to cancel the 
Absolute Sale and Security Agreement, without penalty or further 
obligation, not later than the [# of days per statute] business day, after 
the Absolute Sale and Security Agreement is signed by the Payee.

     11. Penalty In The Event Of Breach Of Contract. The amount of any 
penalty and the aggregate amount of any liquidated damages (inclusive of 
penalties), payable to Imperial, by the Payee in the event of the Payees 
breach of the transfer agreement are NONE.

     12. Independent Professional Advice. The Payee understands that Payee 
should consult with Payees own attorney, certified public accountant, 
actuary, or other professional adviser concerning the legal, tax, and 
financial implications of a sale and transfer of structured settlement 
payment rights, including the federal and state income tax consequences of 
a sale and transfer if he/she or the Settlement Obligor/Issuer is domiciled 
in a State that requires the payee to receive such consultation.

I have read and understand everything set forth in this Disclosure 
Statement.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Dated:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	[PAYEES NAME] 	  	 


[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT B

Lock-Box Notices

See Attached

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS FINANCING 2010, LLC
701 Park of Commerce Blvd,, Ste. 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487

September 24, 2010

SunTrust Bank
501 South Hagler Drive
2nd Floor
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Attn: Mr. Amish Patel

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Reference is made to each of (i) that certain Master Trust Indenture 
(as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Master Trust Indenture) among Imperial Settlements 
Financing 2010, LLC (ISF), Portfolio Financial Servicing Company, as 
Master Servicer (PFSC) and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee and 
Collateral Trustee (Trustee) dated as of September 24, 2010, (ii) that 
certain Series 2010-1 Supplement (Supplement) to and under the Master 
Trust Indenture among ISF, PFSC and the Trustee and (iii) those certain 
Restricted Blocked Account Agreements (Restricted Blocked Account 
Agreements) by and among 1SF, Trustee and SunTrust Bank, in connection 
with your maintenance of ISFs account AO. 1 0000894966 80 and account no. 
1000114180937 (the Accounts).

          Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the 
meanings assigned thereto in the Restricted Blocked Account Agreements.

          By executing this letter agreement, SunTrust Bank affirms that, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Blocked Account Agreements, the SunTrust 
Bank (a) will not honor any drafts, demand withdrawal requests or 
remittance instructions by the Company related to the Accounts, and (b) 
shall hold all such monies and instruments and operate such Accounts for 
the benefit of, and subject to the security interest of, the Trustee. Such 
countersignature will also constitute your confirmation that you have 
received no prior notice of the assignment or pledge of, or the creation of 
any other security interest in or any attachment in respect of, the 
Accounts.

          SunTrust Bank further agrees that unless otherwise instructed by 
the Trustee, SunTrust Bank shall, pursuant to the terms of the Restricted 
Blocked Account Agreements, together with the Lockbox Service, Profile of 
the SunTrust Treasury Management Master Agreement, to which the Company is 
a party: (i) collect all monies, checks, instruments and other items of 
payment mailed to or coming into the Lockboxes, (ii) deposit into the 
Accounts all such monies, checks, instruments and other items of payment; 
and (iii) remit on a daily basis all collected and available funds in the 
Accounts to the Trustee in accordance with the Restricted Blocked Account 
Agreements.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	Very truly yours,

IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS FINANCING 2010, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	   	 
  	  	Name:   	Jonathan Neuman  	 
  	  	Title:   	President  	 
 

Acknowledged and agreed to this 24th day of September, 2010
  	  	  	  	 
SUNTRUST BANK
  	  	 
By:   	/s/ Amish S Patel   	  	 
  	Name:   	Amish S Patel  	  	 
  	Title:   	Vice President  	  	 
 

2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT C

Form of Letter to be Delivered by Accredited Investors to the Trustee
and Issuer on the Closing Date

Wilmington Trust Company
Rodney Square North
1100 N. Market Street
Wilmington, DE 19890
Attn: Corporate Capital Markets

Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
191 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 3300
Atlanta, GA 30303
Attn: President

     Re: Series 2010-1 Notes

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We are delivering this letter in connection with an offering of notes 
(the Series 2010-1 Notes) of Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC, a 
Georgia limited liability company (the Issuer).

     We hereby confirm that:

          (i) we are an institutional accredited investor within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a)(l), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (an institutional accredited 
investor);

          (ii) any purchase of the Series 2010-1 Notes by us will be for 
our own account or for the account of one or more other institutional 
accredited investors for which we exercise sole investment discretion;

          (iii) we have such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters that we are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of 
purchasing the Series 2010-1 Notes;

          (iv) we are not acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes with a view to, 
or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of 
the Securities Act; provided that the disposition of our property and the 
property of any accounts for which we are acquiring Series 2010-1 Notes 
shall remain at all times within our and their control; and

          (v) we acknowledge that we have had access to such financial and 
other information, and have been afforded the opportunity to ask such 
questions of representatives of the Issuer and receive answers thereto, as 
we deem necessary in connection with our decision to purchase the Series 
2010-1 Notes.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     We understand that the Series 2010-1 Notes are being offered within 
the United States in a transaction not involving any public offering within 
the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Series 2010-1 Notes have not 
been registered under the Securities Act, and we agree, on our own behalf 
and on behalf of each account for which we acquire any Series 2010-1 Notes, 
that if in the future we decide to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Series 2010-1 Notes prior to (x) the date that is one year 
(or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act) after the later of the date of the original issuance of the 
Series 2010-1 Notes and the last date on which the Issuer or any of the 
Issuers affiliates was the owner of the Series 2010-1 Notes (or any 
predecessor thereto) and (y) such later date, if any, as may be required by 
any subsequent change in applicable law, such Series 2010-1 Notes may be 
offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (i) to the Issuer, 
(ii) to a person whom we reasonably believe is a qualified institutional 
buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and to whom 
notice is given that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, 
(iii) to a person who we reasonably believe is an institutional accredited 
investor in a transaction in which the institutional accredited investor, 
prior to the transfer, furnishes to the trustee a signed letter containing 
certain representations and agreements relating to the restrictions on 
transfer of the Series 2010-1 Notes (the form of which letter can be 
obtained from the trustee for the Series 2010-1 Notes), (iv) outside the 
United States in a transaction in accordance with Rule 904 under the 
Securities Act, (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under 
the Securities Act or (vi) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), in each case, 
in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States or any other applicable jurisdiction and subject to the 
Issuers and the Trustees right prior to any such transfer pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (vi) to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, 
certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Trustee.

     We acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of (i) the Master 
Trust Indenture (the Indenture) among the Issuer, Portfolio Financial 
Servicing Company, as Master Servicer (Master Servicer) and Wilmington 
Trust Company, as Trustee and Collateral Trustee (Trustee) and (ii) the 
Series 2010-1 Supplement (Supplement) to and under the Indenture among 
the Issuer, the Master Servicer and the Trustee, to the extent applicable 
to the initial Series 2010-1 Noteholder.

     We acknowledge that you, the Issuer and others will rely upon our 
confirmations, acknowledgments and agreements set forth here, and we agree 
to notify you promptly in writing if any of our representations or 
warranties herein eases to be accurate and complete.

     THIS LETTER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF 
LAWS.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Date:
  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	(Name of Purchaser) 	

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	   	 
  	  	Name:   	  	 
  	  	Title:   	  	 
  	  	Address:   	  	 
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT D

Form of Letter to be Delivered by Accredited Investors to the Trustee, the 
Issuer
and the Transferor in Connection with Subsequent Transfers

Wilmington Trust Company
Rodney Square North
1100 N. Market Street
Wilmington, DE 19890
Attn: Corporate Capital Markets

Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
191 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 3300
Atlanta, GA 30303
Attn: President

     Re: Series 2010-1 Notes (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     In connection with our proposed purchase of $ __________ aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes, we confirm that:

     1. We understand that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject 
to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Master Trust 
Indenture dated as of September 24, 2010 (the Indenture) relating to the 
Notes and the undersigned agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with such restrictions 
and conditions and the Securities Act of 1933, amended (the Securities Act
).

     2. We understand that the offer and sale of the Notes have not been 
registered under the Securities Act, and that the Notes may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following 
sentence. We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for 
which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell any Notes 
prior to (x) the date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as 
permitted by Rule 144 under the Securities Act) after the later of the date 
of the original issuance of the Notes and the last date on which the Issuer 
or any of the Issuers affiliates was the owner of the Notes (or any 
predecessor thereto) and (y) such later date, if any, as may be required by 
any subsequent change in applicable law, we will do so only (A) to the 
Issuer, (B) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a 
qualified institutional buyer (as defined therein) and to whom notice is 
given that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (C) inside 
the United States to an institutional accredited investor (as defined 
below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes (or has furnished on its 
behalf by a U.S. broker-dealer) to you and to the Issuer a signed letter 
substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside the United States in 
accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act (if available) or (F) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with any 
applicable

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

securities laws of any State of the United States or any other applicable 
jurisdiction, and we further agree to provide to any person purchasing any 
of the Notes from us a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the 
Notes are restricted as stated herein.

     3. We understand that, on any proposed resale of any Notes, we will be 
required to furnish to you and the Issuer such certifications, legal 
opinions and other information as you and the Issuer may reasonably require 
to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions. 
We further understand that the Notes purchased by us will bear a legend to 
the foregoing effect.

     4. We are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) and 
have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to 
be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the 
Notes, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are each able to 
bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

     5. We are acquiring the Notes purchased by us for our own account or 
for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional accredited 
investor) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion.

     We acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of (i) the Master 
Trust Indenture (the Indenture) among the Issuer, Portfolio Financial 
Servicing Company, as Master Servicer (Master Servicer) and Wilmington 
Trust Company, as Trustee and Collateral Trustee (Trustee) and (ii) the 
Series 2010-1 Supplement (Supplement) to and under the Indenture among 
the Issuer, the Master Servicer and the Trustee, to the extent applicable 
to the Series 2010-1 Noteholder.

     The Trustee, the Issuer and the transferor of the Notes are entitled 
to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this 
letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or 
legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered 
hereby.
  	  	  	  	 
  	Very truly yours,
[Name of Transferee]
  	 
  	By:   	  	 
  	  	Authorized Signature  	 
  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


EXHIBIT E

Form of Daily Report

See Attached

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Exhibit A
Imperial Settlements Finanancing 2010-1, LLC
Daily Report

Data Cutoff Date: 09/28/10
    Report Date: 09/28/10


Series Settlement and Annuity Collections I Split Payments
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Recieived By 	  	  	. SunTrust Settlement 	
  	  	Trust Annuity 	  	  	from: Issuer; `r4 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
To: issuer Split 	 
Contract # 	  	Name: 	  	  	  	  	  	  	.Servicer? (Y/N) 	  	  	Lockbox 	  	
  	!.Lockbox 	  	  	(Tao) 	  	  	F.ipint!lteeer Annuity 	  	  	To. tssuer 
Series 	  	  	Payment Account 	 
  See Attached Details
  	See Attached Details 	  	$ 	0.00 	  	  	  	Y 	  	  	  	125 	  	  	  	
136 	  	  	$ 	0.00 	  	  	$ 	0.00 	  	  	 	$0.00 	  	  	$ 	0.00 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	  	  	Check 	  	  	  	  	 

I, Authorized Officer, hereby request a transfer from the Issuer Settlement 
Lockbox (# TBD) and/or the Issuer Annuity Lockbox (# TBD) to the Issuer 
Series Collection Account (# TBD) and/or Issuer Seller Split Payment 
Account (# TBD) in the amounts identified above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Officer of PFSC  	  	 
  	  	 
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT B  Annuity Series Collections

Wilmington Trust Company

Sept 28, 2010

Attention:

Re: Wire $      from Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Annuity Lockbox 
Account to the Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Series Collection 
Account

In accordance with the Servicing Agreement dated Month Day, 2010, Portfolio 
Financial Servicing Company PFSC (the Initial Master-Servicer) is 
instructing Wilmington Trust Company (the Collateral Trustee) to wire $   
        from Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Annuity Lockbox Account 
to the Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Series Collection Account

From:
Wilmington Trust Company:
Imperial Settlement Financing 2010-1 Annuity Lockbox Account

To:
SunTrust:
Imperial Settlement Financing Series 2010-1 Collection Account

I Authorized Signor hereby request that $           be wired from Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010-1 Annuity Lockbox Account to the Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010-1 Series Collection Account.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Officer of PFSC  	  	 
  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


EXHIBIT B Settlement Series Collections

Wilmington Trust Company

Sept 28, 2010

Attention:

Re: Wire $      from Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement 
Lockbox Account to the Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Series 
Collection Account

In accordance with the Servicing Agreement dated Month Day, 2010, Portfolio 
Financial Servicing Company PFSC (the Initial Master-Servicer) is 
instructing Wilmington Trust Company (the Collateral Trustee) to wire $   
        from Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement Lockbox 
Account to the Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Series Collection 
Account

From:
Wilmington Trust Company:
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement Lockbox Account

To:
SunTrust:
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Series Collection Account

I Authorized Signor hereby request that $           be wired from Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement Lockbox Account to the Imperial 
Settlement Financing 2010-1 Series Collection Account.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Officer of PFSC  	  	 
  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


EXHIBIT B  Settlement Split Payments

Wilmington Trust Company

September 28, 2010

Attention:

Re: Wire $      from Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement 
Lockbox Account to the Imperial Settlements Financing 2010 Issuer Split 
Payment Account

In accordance with the Servicing Agreement dated Month Day, 2010, Portfolio 
Financial Servicing Company PFSC (the Initial Master-Servicer) is 
instructing Wilmington Trust Company (Collateral Trustee) to wire $         
  from Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement Lockbox Account to 
the Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC Issuer Split Payment Account

From:
Wilmington Trust Company:
Imperial Settlement Financing 2010-1 Settlement Lockbox Account

To:
SunTrust:
Imperial Settlement Financing 2010, LLC Issuer Split Payment Account

I Authorized Signor hereby request that $           be wired from the 
Imperial Settlements Financing 2010-1 Settlement Lockbox Account to the 
Imperial Settlement Financing 2010, LLC Issuer Split Payment Account
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Officer of PFSC  	  	 
  	  	 
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT F

Form of Monthly Report and Compliance Certificate

See Attached

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
Monthly Remittance Report
Series 2010-1

Wilmington Trust Company
  	  	Series Issuance Date:
  	  	Collection Period:
  	  	Record Date:
  	  	Distribution Date:
  	  	Previous Advance Date:
  	  	Next Advance Date:

Re: Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC Structured Settlement and 
Annuity Backed Notes (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the Notes and the related distribution to be made on     
                 2010 (the Remittance Date), set forth below is the 
remittance information required pursuant to Section 3.05(b) of the Master 
Trust Indenture, dated September 24, 2010, by and among Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010, LLC (the Issuer), Portfolio Financial 
Services Company, as initial master servicer, and Wilmington Trust Company, 
as Collateral Trustee (the Collateral Trustee),

Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance (ADRB) of the Issuer:
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Original ADRB as of the Series Issuance Date
 
  	Original Class A Note Principal Balance 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
ADRB as of the beginning of the Collection Period:
 
  	(+) ADRB of Receivables added on the previous Advance Date as of the 
previous Advance Date 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(+) ADRB of Receivables to be added on the next Advance Date as of the 
next Advance Date 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(-) ADRB of Receivables that became Defaulted Receivables during 
Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(+) ADRB of Receivables that became Rehabilitated Receivables during 
Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(-) ADRB of Receivables repurchased by the Issuer during Collection 
Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(+) ADRB of Receivables contributed by the Issuer as substituted 
Receivables during Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(-) Amortization of ADRB during Collection Period resulting from the 
passage of time of Receivable not specified in the four line items directly 
above 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	ADRB as of the end of the Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Cumulative Defaults as of the beginning of the Collection Period
 
  	(+) Defaults during the Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(-) Defaulted Receivables that became Rehabilitated Receivables during 
the Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
Cumulative Defaults at the end of the Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Note Principal Balance as of the beginning of the Collection Period
 
  	(+) Note principal added on the previous Advance Date 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(+) Note principal to be added on the next Advance Date 	  	  	  	 
 
  	(-) Note principal distribution 	  	  	  	 
Note Principal Balance subsequent to this Payment Date 	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Overcollateralization Shortfall Test
 
  	1) ADRB as of the end of the Collection Period less Defaulted 
(non-rehabilitated) Receivables 	  	  	  	 
 
  	2) Notes Principal Balance subsequent to this Payment Date less Reserve 
account balance after any reduction on Payment Date 	  	  	  	 
Collateral/Principal Ratio of (1) to (2) must be greater than 102.5% 	  	  	
 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Distribution of Collections in accordance with Section 6.03 of the Series 
2010-1 Supplement:
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Funds to be transferred to the Series Collection Account as collections
Funds to be transferred from the Borrowers Account to the Series Collection 
Account
Funds not distributed from the Series Collection Account
 
  	Total funds to be distributed from the Series Collection Account 	  	  	
  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Annuity Receivables Limit Amount Ratio 	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Annuity Receivables Amount
Settlement Receivables Amount
Annuity Receivables/Settlement Receivables Ratio must be less than or equal 
to 8% 	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
Monthly Remittance Report
Series 2010-1

Wilmington Trust Company
  	  	Series Issuance Date:
  	  	Collection Period:
  	  	Record Date:
  	  	Distribution Date:
  	  	Previous Advance Date:
  	  	Next Advance Date:
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
I. Distribution
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
A. 	  	 Collateral Trustee
 
  	Balance of unpaid Collateral Trustee Fee from preceding Collection 
Periods 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Collateral Trustee Fee for current Collection Period (1/12 of .07% of 
the Beg. ADRB for the Collection Period) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Total Fee due 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Total Fee distributed to Collateral Trustee 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Final balance of unpaid Collateral Trustee Fee 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
B. 	  	Master Servicing Fee Distribution (if other than an Affiliated 
Entity)
 
  	Balance of unpaid Master Servicing Fee from preceding Collection Periods 	
  	  	  	 
 
  	Master Servicing Fee for current Collection Period (1/12 of .18% of the 
Beg. ADRB for the Collection Period) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Total Fee distributed to Master Servicer 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Final balance of unpaid Master Servicing Fee 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
C. 	  	Back-up Servicer Fee Distribution
 
  	Balance of unpaid Back-up Servicing Fee from preceding Collection 
Periods 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Back-up Servicing Fee for current Collection Period (1/12 of .02% of the 
Beg. ADRB for the Collection Period) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Total Fee distributed to Back-up Servicer 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Final balance of unpaid Back-up Servicing Fee 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
II. Fixed Interest Distribution Amount
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
A. 	  	Notes
 
  	Balance of unpaid Fixed Interest Distribution Amounts from preceding 
Collection Periods 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Notes Principal Balance following the preceding Distribution Date 	  	  	
  	 
 
  	Fixed Interest Distribution Amount due (sum of the Daily Interest 
Expense accrued during the Collection Period) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Fixed Interest Distribution Amount due 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Balance available for Fixed Interest Distribution Amount due 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Fixed Interest due from Issuer Reserve Account 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Fixed Interest Distribution amount distributed 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Final balance of unpaid Fixed Interest Distribution Amount 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
B. 	  	Reserve Account Distribution
 
  	Specified Reserve Balance (1% of current ADRB prior to maximum funding 
of $50,000,000; 1% of maximum funding thereafter) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Current balance of Reserve Account 	  	  	  	 
 
 
  	Withdrawals to be made on the Payment Date (in accordance with Section 
6.02 of the Supplement)
Deposits to be made on the Payment Date 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Ending balance subsequent to this Payment Date 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
III. Master Servicing Fee Distribution
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
A. Master Servicing Fee Distribution
 
  	Balance of unpaid master Servicing Fee from preceding Collection Periods 	
  	  	  	 
 
  	Master Servicing Fee for current Collection Period (1/12 of .18% of the 
Beg. ADRB for the Collection Period) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	
           Total Fee to be distributed to Master Servicer
  	  	  	 
 
  	
           Final balance of unpaid Master Servicing Fee
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
IV. Notes Principal Distribution
 
 
  	Series 2010-1 Notes 	  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
Monthly Remittance Report
Series 2010-1

Wilmington Trust Company
  	  	Series Issuance Date:
  	  	Collection Period:
  	  	Record Date:
  	  	Distribution Date:
  	  	Previous Advance Date:
  	  	Next Advance Date:
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
V. 	  	Other Distributions
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
A. Subsequent to distribution of Collections stated in Items I through IV 
above, remaining Collection ratably, in satisfaction of remaining 
obligations, to Collateral Trustee, Master Servicer and Lenders 	 
 
VI. 	  	Issuer Return Amount
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Issuer Return Amount due for current Collection Period (sum of the Daily 
Issuer Return Amount accrued during the Collection Period) 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Issuer Return Amount paid for current Collection Period 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Master Servicer

Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC
 
By:   	  	 

Annex A

Cumulative Defaulted Receivables, reason for default and current status
Total Missed Payments, date of expected payment date and reason for 
non-payment or delay

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT G

Model Structured Settlement Statute

See Attached

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Version Agreed to by National Structured
Settlements Trade Association and Natives,
Association of Settlement Purchaser = 9/11/2000


Proposed
MODEL STATE STRUCTURED SETTLEMENT
PROTECTION ACT

     SECTION 1. TITLE. This Act shall be known and referred to as the 
Structured Settlement Protection Act.

     SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Act

     (a) annuity issuer means an insurer that has issued a contract to 
fund periodic payments under a structured settlement;

     (b) dependents include a payees spouse and minor children and all 
other persons for whom the payee is legally obligated to provide support, 
including alimony;

     (c) discounted present value means the present value of future 
payments determined by discounting such payments to the present using the 
most recently published Applicable Federal Rate for determining the present 
value of an annuity, as issued by the United States Internal Revenue 
Service;

     (G) gross advance amount means the sum payable to the payee or for 
the payees account as consideration for a transfer of structured 
settlement payment rights before any reductions for transfer expenses or 
other deductions to be made fmm such consideration:

     (e) independent professional advice means advice of an attorney, 
certified public accountant, actuary or other licensed professional 
adviser,

     (f) interested parties means, with respect to any structured 
settlement, the payee, any beneficiary irrevocably designated under the 
annuity contract to receive payments following the payees death, the 
annuity issuer, the structured settlement obligor, and any other party that 
has continuing rights or obligations under such structured settlement;

     (g) net advance amount means the gross advance amount less the 
aggregate amount of the actual and estimated transfer expenses required to 
be disclosed under Section 3(c) of this Act;

     (H) payee means an individual who is receiving tax free payments 
under a structured settlement and proposes to make a transfer of payment 
rights thereunder;

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (i) periodic payments includes both recurring payments and scheduled 
future lump stun payments:

     (j) qualified assignment agreement means an agreement providing for 
a qualified assignment within the meaning of section 130 of the United 
States Internal Revenue Code, United States Code Title 26. as amended from 
time to time;

     (k) responsible administrative authority means, with respect to a 
structured settlement, any government authority vested by law with 
exclusive jurisdiction over the settled claim resolved by such structured 
settlement;

     (1) settled claim means the original tort claim or workers 
compensation claim resolved by a structured settlement;

     (m) structured settlement"-means an arrangement for periodic payment 
of damages for personal injuries or sickness established by settlement or 
judgment in resolution of a ton claim or for periodic payments in 
settlement of a workers compensation claim;

     (n) structured settlement agreement means the agreement, judgment, 
stipulation, or release embodying the terms of a structured settlement;

     (o) structured settlement obligor means, with respect to any 
structured settlement, the patty that has the continuing obligation to make 
periodic payments to the payee under a structured settlement agreement or a 
qualified assignment agreement;

     (p) structured settlement payment rights means rights to receive 
periodic payments under a structured settlement, whether from the 
structured settlement obligor or the annuity issuer, where 

     (i) the payee is domiciled in, or the domicile or principal place of 
business of the structured settlement obligor or the annuity issuer is 
located in. this State; or

     (ii) the structured settlement agreement was approved by. a court or 
responsible administrative authority in this State; or

     (iii) the structured settlement agreement is expressly governed by the 
laws of this State;

     (q) terms of the structured settlement include, with respect to any 
structured settlement, the terms of the structured settlement agreement, 
the

-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

annuity contract, any qualified assignment agreement and any order or other 
approval of any court or responsible administrative authority or other 
government authority that authorized or approved such structured 
settlement:

     (r) transfer means any sale, assignment., pledge, hypothecation or 
other alienation or encumbrance of structured settlement payment rights 
made by a payee for consideration; provided that the term transfer does 
not include the creation or perfection of a security interest in 
structured settlement payment rights under a blanket security agreement 
entered into with an insured depository institution, in the absence of any 
action to redirect the structured settlement

payments to such insured depository institution, or an agent or successor 
in interest thereof, or otherwise to enforce such blanket security interest 
against the structured settlement payment lights;

     (s) transfer agreement means the agreement providing for a transfer 
of structured settlement payment rights..

     (t) transfer expenses means all expenses of a transfer that arc 
required under the transfer agreement to be paid by the payee or deducted 
from the gross advance amount, including, without limitation, coon 
filing.fees, attorneys fees, escrow fees, lien recordation fees, judgment 
and lien search fees, finders fees, commissions, and other payments to a 
broker or other intermediary; transfer expenses do not include 
preexisting obligations of the payee payable for the payees account from 
the proceeds of a transfer:

     (u) transferee means a patty acquiring or proposing to acquire 
structured settlement payment rights through a transfer,

     SECTION 3- REQUIRED DISCLOSURES TO PAYEE. Not less than three (3) days 
prior to the date on which a payee signs a transfer agreement, the 
transferee shall provide to the payee a separate disclosure statement, in 
bold type no smaller than 14 points, setting forth-

     (a) the amounts and due dates of the structured settlement payments to 
be transferred;

     (b) the aggregate amount of such payments;

-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (c) the discounted present value of the payments to be transfened. 
which shall be identified as the calculation of current value of the 
transferred structured settlement payments under federal standards for 
valuing annuities. and the amount of the Applicable Federal Rate used in 
calculating such discounted present value;

     (d) the gross advance amount;

     (e) an itemized listing of all applicable transfer expenses, other 
than attorneys fees and related disbursements payable in connection with 
the transferees application for approval of the transfer, and the 
transferees best estimate of the amount of any such fees and 
disbursements;

     (f) the net advance amount;

     (g) the amount of any penalties or liquidated damages payable by the 
payee in the event of any breach of the transfer agreement by the payee; 
and

     (h) a statement that the payee has the right to cancel the transfer 
agreement, without penalty or further obligation, not later than the third 
business day after the date the agreement is signed by the payee.

     SECTION 4. APPROVAL OF TRANSFERS OF STRUCTURED SETTLEMENT PAYMENT 
RIGHTS.

     (a) No direct or indirect transfer of structured settlement payment 
rights shall be effective and no structured settlement obligor or annuity 
issuer shall be required to make any payment directly or indirectly to any 
transferee of structured settlement payment rights unless the transfer has 
been approved in advance in a final court order or order of a responsible 
administrative authority based on express findings by such court or 
responsible administrative authority that 

     (i) the transfer is in the best interest of the payee, taking into 
account the welfare and support of the payees dependents;

     (ii) the payee has been advised in writing by the transferee to seek 
independent professional advice regarding the transfer and has either 
received such advice or knowingly waived such advice in writing; and

     (iii) the transfer does not contravene any applicable statute or the 
order of any court or other government authority;

-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 5. EFFECTS OF TRANSFER OF STRUCTURED SETTLEMENT PAYMENT 
RIGHTS. Following a transfer of structured settlement payment rights under 
this Act:

     (a) The structured settlement obligor and the annuity issuer shall, as 
to all parties except the transferee be discharged and released from any 
and all liability for the transferred payments;

     (b) The transferee shall be liable to the structured settlement 
obligor and the annuity issuer

     (i) if the transfer contravenes the terms of the structured 
settlement, for any taxes incurred by such parties as a consequence of the 
transfer, and

     (ii) for any other liabilities or costs, including reasonable costs 
and attorneys fees, arising from compliance by such parties with the order 
of the court or responsible administrative authority or arising as a 
consequence of the transferees failure to comply with this Act:

     (c) Neither the annuity issuer nor the structured settlement obligor 
may be required to divide any periodic payment between the payee and any 
transferee or assignee or between two (or more) transferees or assignees; 
and

     (d) Any further transfer of structured settlement payment rights by 
the payee may be made only after compliance with all of the requirements of 
this Act.

     SECTION 6. PROCEDURE FOR APPROVAL OF TRANSFERS.

     (a) An application under this Act for approval of a transfer of 
structured settlement payment rights shall be made by the transferee and 
may be brought in the (county) in which the payee resides, in the (county) 
in which the structured settlement obligor or the annuity issues maintains 
its principal place of business, or in any court or before any responsible 
administrative authority which approved the structured settlement 
agreement.

     (b) Not less than twenty (20) days prior to the scheduled hearing on 
any application for approval of a transfer of structured settlement payment 
rights under Section 4 of this Act, the transferee shall file with the 
court or responsible administrative authority and serve on all interested 
parties a notice of the proposed transfer and the application for its 
authorization, including with such notice:

-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (i) a copy of the transferees application;

     (ii) a copy of the transfer agreement;

     (iii) a copy of the disclosure statement required under Section of 
this Act;

     (iv) a listing of each of the payees dependents, together with each 
dependents age;

     (v) notification that any interested party is entitled to support. 
oppose or otherwise respond to the transferees application, either in 
person or by counsel. by submitting written comments to the court or 
responsible administrative authority or by participating in the hearing; 
and

     (vi) notification of the time and place of the hearing and 
notification of the manner in which and the time by which written responses 
to the application must be filed (which shall be not less than (fifteen 
(15)) days alter service of the transferees notice) in order to be 
considered by the court or responsible administrative authority.

  	  	SECTION 7_ GENERAL PROVISIONS; CONSTRUCTION.

     (a) The provisions of this Act may not be waived by any payee.

     (b) Any transfer agreement entered into on or after the effective date 
of this Act by a payee who resides in this state shall provide the disputes 
under such transfer agreement, including any claim that the payee has 
breached the agreement, shall be determined in and under the laws of this 
State. No such transfer agreement shall authorize the transferee or any 
other party to confess judgment or consent to entry of judgment against the 
payee.

     (c) No transfer of structured settlement payment rights shall extend 
to any payments that are life-contingent unless, prior to the date on which 
the payee signs the transfer agreement, the transferee has established and 
has agreed to maintain procedures reasonably satisfactory to the annuity 
issuer and the structured settlement obligor for (i) periodically 
confirming the payees survival. and (ii) giving the annuity issuer and the 
structured settlement obligor prompt written notice in the event of the 
payees death.

-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (d) No payee who proposes to make a transfer of structured settlement 
payment rights shall incur any penalty, forfeit any application fee or 
other payment, or otherwise incur any liability to the proposed transferee 
or any assignee based on any failure of such transfer to satisfy the 
conditions of this Act.

     (e) Nothing contained in this Act shall be construed to authorize any 
transfer of structured settlement payment rights in contravention of any 
law or to imply that any transfer under a transfer agreement entered into 
prior to the effective date of this Act is valid or invalid.

     (f) Compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 3 of this 
Act and fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 4 of this Act 
shall be solely the responsibility of the transferee in any transfer of 
structured settlement. payment rights, and neither the structured 
settlement obligor nor the annuity issuer shall bear any responsibility 
for, or any liability arising front, noncompliance with such requirements 
or failure to fulfill such conditions.

EFFECTIVE DATE. This Act shall apply to any transfer of structured 
settlement payment rights under a transfer agreement entered into on or 
after the [thirtieth (30th) day after the date of enactment of this Act; 
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall imply that any 
transfer under a transfer agreement reached prior to such data is either 
effective or ineffective.

-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT H

Form of Rule 144A Transfer Certificate

[_____], as Note Registrar and Transfer Agent

     Reference is hereby made to the Master Trust Indenture, dated as of 
September 24, 2010, among Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC (the 
Issuer), Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and Wilmington Trust 
Company (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the Indenture), as supplemented by the Series 2010-1 Supplement 
to the Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2010, among the Issuer, 
Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and Wilmington Trust Company (as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, 
the Series 2010-1 Supplement and, collectively with the Indenture, the 
Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as 
defined in the Agreement.

     The undersigned (the Transferor) owns and proposes to transfer the 
interest[s] in the [Regulation S Global Note[s]] [and/or] [U.S. Global 
Note[s]] [and/or] [Definitive Note[s]] [and/or] [Certificated Note[s]] 
specified in Annex A hereto (the Notes), in the principal amount[s] 
specified in Annex A hereto (the Transfer), to _____________________ (the 
Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with 
the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that:

     (a) the Transfer is being effected in accordance with transfer 
restrictions set forth in the Agreement and the Notes;

     (b) the Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act
), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that:

  	 	  	the Transferee is purchasing the beneficial interest for its own 
account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which the Transferee 
exercises sole investment discretion; and
 
  	 	  	the Transferor reasonably believes that the Transferee and each 
such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of 
Rule 144A.

     Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the 
terms of the Agreement, the transferred beneficial interest will be subject 
to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the legends printed on the 
U.S. Global Notes by which the Transferee shall hold its interest and in 
the Agreement and the Securities Act.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your 
benefit.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Dated: 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	  	    	
  	  	  	  	  	[Transferor] 	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	By:   	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	Name:   	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	Title: 	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ANNEX A

     The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer a beneficial interest in 
the following:
  	  	 
Type of Note or beneficial interest to be transferred 	  	Principal Amount

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


TRANSFEREE CERTIFICATION
FOR SERIES 2010-1 NOTES

This letter relates to the proposed acquisition by the undersigned investor 
(you or the Purchaser) of $[_____] aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of a Series 2010-1 Note (Series 2010-1 Note) of Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010, LLC (the Issuer) identified on the signature 
page of this letter. Terms in this letter in bold and italics have the 
respective meanings set forth in Annex A attached hereto.

By signing this letter, you acknowledge receipt of the offering memorandum 
relating to the offering of the Series 2010-1 Notes provided by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, and you represent, warrant and covenant as follows:


1. Investor certifications

Confirm the following by checking the box below:

  	o 	  	The Purchaser is a qualified institutional buyer and is aware that 
the acquisition of the Notes is being made in reliance on Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act.


2. Representations, warranties and covenants

Securities law requirements and transfer restrictions on the Series 2010-1 
Notes

You understand that:

 	  	the Series 2010-1 Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act, and, if in the future you decide to offer, 
resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Series 2010-1 Notes, you may do so 
only in the manner described in the Agreement relating to the offering of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes, including the requirement for written 
certifications
 
 	  	the Series 2010-1 Notes may be transferred only to a person that is 
an eligible holder
 
 	  	you are not acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes with a view to the 
resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in violation of the 
Securities Act
 
 	  	you must hold and transfer at least the minimum denomination of the 
Series 2010-1 Notes set forth in the Agreement relating to the offering of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes and you must provide notice of the relevant 
transfer restrictions to subsequent transferees

Your power and authority to purchase and the enforceability of this letter

You represent that:

 	  	you have the power and authority to execute this letter and any other 
document required to be executed and delivered by you in connection with 
your purchase of the Series 2010-1 Notes, and consummate the purchase of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes
 
 	  	the person signing this letter and each document in connection with 
the purchase of the Series 2010-1 Notes on behalf of the Purchaser has been 
duly authorized to execute and deliver such documents
 
 	  	this letter has been duly executed by the Purchaser and constitutes a 
valid and legally binding agreement of the Purchaser, enforceable against 
the Purchaser in accordance with its terms

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

The undersigned purchaser hereby executes this letter as of the date set 
forth below
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
(Print or type name of Purchaser) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
By: 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	 
  	
Name:
  	 
  	
Title:
  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Date:
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Principal amount of Series [_____] Notes to be purchased: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Annex A  Defined Terms

Agreement means the Indenture, as supplemented by the Series 2010-1 
Supplement to the Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2010, among Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010, LLC, Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and 
Wilmington Trust Company, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time.

eligible holder means (a) a qualified institutional buyer who purchases 
such Series 2010-1 Notes in reliance on the exemption from Securities Act 
registration provided by Rule 144A thereunder, or (b) a person that is not 
a U.S. person and is acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes in an offshore 
transaction in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S thereunder or (c) is an institutional accredited investor 
that is acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes for its own account or for the 
account of another institutional accredited investor for investment and not 
with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution 
in violation of the Securities Act.

Indenture means that certain Master Trust Indenture, dated as of 
September 24, 2010, among Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC, 
Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and Wilmington Trust Company, as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

institutional accredited investor means an institution that is an 
accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) 
or (7) under the Securities Act.

offshore transaction has the meaning set forth in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

qualified institutional buyer has the meaning set forth in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

U.S. person has the meaning set forth in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT I
Form of Regulation S Transfer Certificate

[_____], as Note Registrar and Transfer Agent

     Reference is hereby made to the Master Trust Indenture, dated as of 
September 24, 2010, among Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC (the 
Issuer), Portfolio Financial Servicing Company, and Wilmington Trust 
Company (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the Indenture), as supplemented by the Series 2010-1 Supplement 
to the Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2010, among the Issuer, 
Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and Wilmington Trust Company (as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, 
the Series 2010-1 Supplement and, collectively with the Indenture, the 
Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as 
defined in the Agreement.

     The undersigned (the Transferor) owns and proposes to transfer the 
interest[s] in the [U.S. Global Note[s]] [and/or] [Regulation S Global 
Note[s]] [and/or] [Definitive Note[s]] [and/or] [Certificated Note[s]] 
[and/or] [Temporary Regulation S Global Note[s]] specified in Annex A 
hereto (the Notes), in the principal amount[s] specified in Annex A 
hereto (the Transfer), to ___________________ (the Transferee), as 
further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the 
Transferor hereby certifies that:

     (a) the Transfer is being effected in accordance with transfer 
restrictions set forth in the Agreement and the Notes;

     (b) the Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further 
certifies that:

  	(i) 	  	the Transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person and (x) at the 
time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United 
States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably 
believed and believes that the Transferee was outside the United States or 
(y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a 
designated offshore securities market and neither such Transferor nor any 
Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with 
a buyer in the United States; and

  	(ii) 	  	no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of 
the requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act.

     Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the 
terms of the Agreement, the transferred beneficial interest will be subject 
to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the legends printed on the 
Regulation S Note by which the Transferee shall hold its interest and in 
the Agreement and the Securities Act.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your 
benefit.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Dated:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
  	  	  	  	  	  	[Transferor] 	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	By:   	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Name:  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Title:  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ANNEX A

The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer a beneficial interest in the 
following:
  	  	 
Type of Note or beneficial interest to be transferred 	  	Principal Amount

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


TRANSFEREE CERTIFICATION
FOR SERIES 2010-1 NOTES

This letter relates to the proposed acquisition by the undersigned investor 
(you or the Purchaser) of $[_____] aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of a Series 2010-1 Note (Series 2010-1 Note) of Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010, LLC (the Issuer) identified on the signature 
page of this letter. Terms in this letter in bold and italics have the 
respective meanings set forth in Annex A attached hereto.

By signing this letter, you acknowledge receipt of the offering memorandum 
relating to the offering of the Series 2010-1 Notes provided by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, and you represent, warrant and covenant as follows:


1. Investor certifications

     Confirm the following by checking the box below:

  	o 	  	The Purchaser is not a U.S. Person


2. Representations, warranties and covenants

Securities law requirements and transfer restrictions on the Series 2010-1 
Notes

You understand that:

o 	  	the Series 2010-1 Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act, and, if in the future you decide to offer, 
resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Series 2010-1 Notes, you may do so 
only in the manner described in the Agreement relating to the offering of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes, including the requirement for written 
certifications
 
o 	  	the Series 2010-1 Notes may be transferred only to a person that is 
an eligible holder
 
o 	  	you are not acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes with a view to the 
resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in violation of the 
Securities Act
 
o 	  	you must hold and transfer at least the minimum denomination of the 
Series 2010-1 Notes set forth in the Agreement relating to the offering of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes and you must provide notice of the relevant 
transfer restrictions to subsequent transferees

Your power and authority to purchase and the enforceability of this letter

You represent that:

o 	  	you have the power and authority to execute this letter and any other 
document required to be executed and delivered by you in connection with 
your purchase of the Series 2010-1 Notes, and consummate the purchase of 
the Series 2010-1 Notes
 
o 	  	the person signing this letter and each document in connection with 
the purchase of the Series 2010-1 Notes on behalf of the Purchaser has been 
duly authorized to execute and deliver such documents
 
o 	  	this letter has been duly executed by the Purchaser and constitutes a 
valid and legally binding agreement of the Purchaser, enforceable against 
the Purchaser in accordance with its terms

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

The undersigned purchaser hereby executes this letter as of the date set 
forth below
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
(Print or type name of Purchaser) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
By: 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	
Name:
  	 
  	
Title:
  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Date:
  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Principal amount of Series 2010-1 Notes to be purchased: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Annex A  Defined Terms

Agreement means the Indenture, as supplemented by the Series 2010-1 
Supplement to the Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2010, among Imperial 
Settlements Financing 2010, LLC, Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and 
Wilmington Trust Company, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time.

eligible holder means (a) a qualified institutional buyer who purchases 
such Series 2010-1 Notes in reliance on the exemption from Securities Act 
registration provided by Rule 144A thereunder, or (b) a person that is not 
a U.S. person and is acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes in an offshore 
transaction in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S thereunder or (c) is an institutional accredited investor that 
is acquiring the Series 2010-1 Notes for its own account or for the account 
of another institutional accredited investor for investment and not with a 
view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in 
violation of the Securities Act.

Indenture means that certain Master Trust Indenture, dated as of 
September 24, 2010, among Imperial Settlements Financing 2010, LLC, 
Portfolio Financial Servicing Company and Wilmington Trust Company, as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

institutional accredited investor means an institution that is an 
accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) 
or (7) under the Securities Act.

offshore transaction has the meaning set forth in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

qualified institutional buyer has the meaning set forth in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

U.S. person has the meaning set forth in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

 