 EX-10.36 15 w78831a2exv10w36.htm EX-10.36

Exhibit 10.36

EXECUTION COPY


NOTE AND SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and between

IMPERIAL HOLDINGS, LLC

and

the Parties Signatory Hereto

Dated as of November 1, 2010

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

     THIS NOTE AND SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated 
effective as of November 1, 2010, by and between Imperial Holdings, LLC, a 
Florida limited liability company (the Company) and the parties signatory 
hereto (collectively, the Holder).


RECITALS

     WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Holder owns and holds the 
outstanding notes identified on Schedule I hereto of the Company (the 
Notes);

     WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Holder also owns and holds the 
common and preferred units identified on Schedule I hereto in the Company 
(the Shares);

     WHEREAS, the Company desires to purchase, and the Holder desires to 
sell, the Notes and Shares on the terms set forth herein (the Purchase); 
and


AGREEMENT

     In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in 
this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree 
as follows:


ARTICLE I
PURCHASE

     Section 1.1 Purchase of Company Notes. The Company agree to purchase, 
and the Holder agrees to sell, the entire outstanding principal amount of 
each of the Notes (together with any accrued interest) set forth on 
Schedule I hereto for the Purchase Price hereinafter set forth. The Company 
shall Purchase the Notes as identified on Schedule I by paying the Holder 
the portion of the Purchase Price allocated thereto under Section 1.3.

     Section 1.2 Purchase of Company Shares. The Company agrees to 
purchase, and the Holder agrees to sell, the Shares (together with any 
accrued but unpaid dividends or distributions) set forth on Schedule I 
hereto for the Purchase Price hereinafter set forth.

     Section 1.3 $30,000,000 Purchase Price. The Company shall issue to 
Holder a mandatorily convertible $30,000,000 promissory note in 
substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (Convertible Note) 
as full and complete consideration for the purchase of the Notes and the 
Shares (the Purchase Price). The Purchase Price shall be allocated among 
the Holders in proportion to their original loan or investment amounts in 
such securities or notes, as indicated on Schedule I or as they shall 
otherwise direct the Company.

     Section 1.4 Procedures. The closing of the Purchase (the Closing) 
will be held as soon as practical after full execution of this Agreement, 
but in no event later than on November 2, 2010 (the Closing Date). No 
later than 12:00 p.m., New York time, on the Closing Date, the Holder shall 
deliver and assign the original Notes to the Company and the Shares to the

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

Company, duly endorsed for transfer together with such other instruments as 
may be reasonably requested to transfer full legal and beneficial ownership 
of the Shares and Notes to the Company. On the Closing Date, the Company 
shall issue the Convertible Note to the applicable Holder against delivery 
of the Shares and Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall cease 
to own the Shares, and the Notes as of the delivery of the Convertible Note 
to the Holders as contemplated hereby. All transactions contemplated herein 
to occur on and as of the Closing Date shall be deemed to have occurred 
simultaneously on such date.


ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Holder, 
as of the date hereof (which representations and warranties shall also be 
true and correct as of the Closing Date), as follows:

     Section 2.1 Existence and Power. The Company is a duly organized and 
validly existing limited liability company in good standing under the laws 
of the State of Florida and has all requisite power and authority to enter 
into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

     Section 2.2 Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability 
company action on the part of the Company and this Agreement is a valid and 
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance 
with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by principles of 
equity and by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and 
similar laws relating to, limiting or affecting creditors rights and 
remedies generally.

     Section 2.3 No Consent. No material consent, approval, authorization 
or order of, or qualification with, any Person is required for the 
performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement.


ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF HOLDER

     Each Holder represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company 
as of the date hereof (which representations and warranties shall also be 
true and correct as of the Closing Date), as follows:

     Section 3.1 Existence and Power. The Holder is duly organized and 
validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and 
has all requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its 
obligations under this Agreement.

     Section 3.2 Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part 
of the Holder, and this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the 
Holder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

except as enforcement may be limited by principles of equity and by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws 
relating to, limiting or affecting creditors rights and remedies 
generally.

     Section 3.3 No Consent. No material consent, approval, authorization 
or order of, or qualification with, any Person is required for the 
performance by the Holder of its obligations under this Agreement.

     Section 3.4 No Brokers. The Holder has not employed any broker or 
finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
and no broker or finder is entitled to payment of any commission or fee by 
the Holder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.

     Section 3.5 No Encumbrances. The Holder is the sole and exclusive 
holder and Beneficial Owner of the Notes and Shares free and clear of all 
liens, pledges, hypothecations, claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any 
kind, and no other Person has any interest whatsoever in the Notes and 
Shares. The Purchase provided for herein will vest in the Company valid and 
absolute title to the Notes and Shares, free and clear of any and all 
encumbrances, liens, pledges, hypothecations, restrictions, claims, 
options, agreements and conditions of any kind.

     Section 3.6 Tax Consequences. The Holder has had an opportunity to 
consult with its own tax advisor with respect to the foreign and U.S. 
federal, state and local tax consequences of the sale of the Notes and 
Shares to the Company and the other transactions contemplated or provided 
by this Agreement. Except as expressly set forth herein, the Holder is 
relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or 
representations of the Company or their representatives regarding the tax 
aspects of such sale of the Notes and Shares and the other transactions 
contemplated or provided by this Agreement.

     Section 3.7 All Obligations and Shares. The Notes and the Shares 
listed on Schedule 1 represent all of the securities Beneficially Owned by 
the Holder and its Affiliates in the Company and following the Closing 
Date, the Holder and its Affiliates will own no equity shares or 
indebtedness of the Company.

     Section 3.8 Purchaser Status and Non-Reliance. Each Holder represents 
that it has such knowledge and experience in the condition and business of 
the Company as well as in financial and business matters as are necessary 
in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Convertible Note and any securities into which it may be converted. Each 
Holder further acknowledges, represents and warrants that: (i) the Holder 
is voluntarily assuming all risks associated with the purchase of the 
Convertible Note and any securities into which it may be converted and 
warrants and represents that (x) the Company, its Affiliates or their 
officers, directors, employees, attorneys, consultants or agents (Related 
Parties) have not made, and each Holder disclaims the existence of or its 
reliance on, any representation by the Company or their Related Parties 
concerning the Company or the Convertible Note and (y) the Holder is not 
relying on any disclosure or non-disclosure made or not made by the Company 
or their Related Parties, or the completeness thereof, in connection with 
or arising out of the purchase of the

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

Convertible Note hereunder or in connection herewith, and therefore have no 
claims against the Company or their Related Parties with respect thereto; 
and (ii) if any such claim may exist, Holder, recognizing its disclaimer of 
reliance and the Company or their Related Parties reliance on such 
disclaimer as a condition to entering into this Agreement, covenants and 
agrees not to assert it against the Company or their Related Parties 
whether under applicable securities law or otherwise, based on the Company 
or their Related Parties knowledge, possession or non-disclosure to the 
Holder of any material, non-public information concerning the Company.

     Section 3.9 Securities Act Representations. The Holder understands 
that the Convertible Note has not been registered under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws by 
reason of the contemplated issuance in transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws and that the reliance of Imperial and others upon these 
exemptions is predicated in part upon this representation by the Holder. No 
federal or state agency or regulatory authority has made any finding or 
determination as to the fairness of the offering of the Convertible Note 
for public investment, or any recommendation or endorsement of the 
Interests. The Holder further understands that the Convertible Note offered 
hereby may not be transferred or resold without registration under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws or the availability 
of an exemption from the requirements of the Securities Act and applicable 
state securities laws.

     Section 3.10. Investment Representation. The Holder (i) is acquiring 
the Convertible Note solely for its own account, and not for or on behalf 
of other persons; (ii) is acquiring such Convertible Note for investment 
purposes only, and not for resale or distribution; and (iii) has no 
contract, agreement, undertaking or arrangement, and no intention to enter 
into any contract, agreement, undertaking or arrangement to sell, transfer 
or pledge such Convertible Note or any part thereof. The Holder agrees that 
if the Convertible Note or any part thereof is sold or distributed in the 
future, the Holder shall sell or distribute them pursuant to the 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
The Holder agrees that the Holder will not transfer any part of the 
Convertible Note without (i) obtaining an opinion of counsel satisfactory 
in form and substance to the counsel for the Company to the effect that 
such transfer is exempt from the registration requirements under the 
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or (ii) such 
registration.


ARTICLE IV
MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 4.1 Taxes. The Holder shall be responsible for and shall 
timely pay all Taxes imposed on the Holder as a result of the sale of the 
Notes and Shares and the other transactions contemplated or provided by 
this Agreement.

     Section 4.2 Certain Definitions. As used herein, the following terms 
have the following meanings:

     Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person 
which directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by or is under 
common control with such Person. As used in this definition, control 
(including its correlative meanings, controlled by and under

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

common control with) shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of 
power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether 
through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership 
interests, by contract or otherwise).

     Beneficially Own or Beneficial Ownership shall mean the following: 
A Person shall be deemed to Beneficially Own or have Beneficial 
Ownership of any securities of which such Person or any such Persons 
Affiliates is considered to be a Beneficial Owner under Rule 13d-3 under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as in effect on the date hereof or of 
which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or associates, 
directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire (whether such right is 
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or upon the 
satisfaction of conditions) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or 
understanding (whether or not in writing) or upon the exercise of 
conversion rights, exchange rights, rights, warrants or options, or 
otherwise.

     Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday, or a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York are authorized or 
required by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed.

     Governmental Entity shall mean any court, administrative agency or 
commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, whether 
federal, state, local or foreign, and any applicable industry 
self-regulatory organization.

     Person or person shall mean an individual, firm, corporation, 
association, partnership, trust, joint venture, business trust or 
unincorporated organization, or any Governmental Entity.

     Tax or Taxes shall mean all foreign, federal, state, local, and 
foreign income, excise, gross receipts, gross income, ad valorem, profits, 
gains, property, capital, sales, transfer, use, payroll, employment, 
severance, withholding, duties, intangibles, franchise, backup withholding, 
value-added, and other taxes, charges, levies or like assessments imposed 
by a Governmental Entity, together with all interest, penalties and 
additions to tax thereon.

     Section 4.3 Survival. The representations and warranties of the 
parties contained in this Agreement, or in any instrument, certificate or 
other writing provided for in it, shall survive the Closing.

     Section 4.4 Notices. All notices and other communications required or 
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be 
deemed to have been given if delivered personally or by facsimile or three 
Business Days after having been sent by certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, to the parties to this Agreement at the 
following address or to such other address either party to this Agreement 
shall specify by notice to the other party:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

          (i) If to Imperial Holdings, LLC:

Imperial Holdings, LLC
701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Ste. 301
Boca Raton, FL 33487
Attn: Antony Mitchell
Facsimile: 561.892-6313

          (ii) If to the Holders:

Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o.
Attn: Toni Portley
58, rue Charles Martel
L-2134 Luxembourg
Facsimile : +352(26) 73 88 94

Premium Funding, Inc.
Attn: Christopher D. Mangum
9350 Conroy Windermere Road
Windermere, FL 34786

     Section 4.5 Further Assurances. Each party hereto shall do and perform 
or cause to be done and performed all further acts and shall execute and 
deliver all other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as 
the other party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the 
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 4.6 Amendments and Waivers.

          (a) Any provision of this Agreement may only be amended or waived 
if such amendment or waiver is in writing and is duly executed and 
delivered by the Company and each Holder.

          (b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, 
power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall 
any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. 
The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not 
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

     Section 4.7 Fees and Expenses. Each party hereto shall pay all of its 
own fees and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection 
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 4.8 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and assigns,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

provided that neither party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any 
of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written 
consent of the non-assigning party hereto.

     Section 4.9 Releases.

          (a) The Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither it nor 
any of its Affiliates has any claim or cause of action against the Company 
(or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, 
consultants or agents) other than for the payment of the Purchase Price 
under this Agreement. Further, for and in consideration of the agreements 
contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the 
Holder (for itself and its Affiliates and the successors, assigns, heirs 
and representatives of each of the foregoing) (collectively for purposes of 
this Section 4.9(a), the Releasors) does hereby fully, finally, 
unconditionally and irrevocably release and forever discharge the Company 
and each of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, 
consultants and agents (collectively for purposes of this Section 4.9(a), 
the Released Parties) from any and all debts, claims, obligations, 
damages, costs, attorneys fees, suits, demands, liabilities, actions, 
proceedings and causes of action, in each case, whether known or unknown, 
contingent or fixed, direct or indirect, and of whatever nature or 
description, and whether in law or in equity, under contract, tort, statute 
or otherwise, which any Releasor has heretofore had or now or hereafter 
can, shall or may have against any Released Party by reason of any act, 
omission or thing whatsoever done or omitted to be done on or prior to the 
Closing Date arising out of, connected with or related in any way to the 
Shares or the Notes or any act, event or transaction related or attendant 
thereto, or the agreements of the Company contained therein on or prior to 
the Closing Date; provided nothing in this Section 4.9(a) shall relieve the 
Company from its obligation to pay the Purchase Price to the Holder on the 
Closing Date.

          (b) The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither it 
nor any of its Affiliates have any claim or cause of action against the 
Holder (or any of its respective Affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees, attorneys, consultants or agents) other than to receive delivery 
of the Shares and delivery of the Notes (including accrued but unpaid 
interest) under this Agreement. Further, for and in consideration of the 
agreements contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable 
consideration, the Company (for itself and its Affiliates and the 
successors, assigns, heirs and representatives of each of the foregoing) 
(collectively for purposes of this Section 4.9(b), the Releasors) do 
hereby fully, finally, unconditionally and irrevocably release and forever 
discharge the Holder and each of its respective Affiliates, officers, 
directors, employees, attorneys, consultants and agents (collectively for 
purposes of this Section 4.9(b), the Released Parties) from any and all 
debts, claims, obligations, damages, costs, attorneys fees, suits, 
demands, liabilities, actions, proceedings and causes of action, in each 
case, whether known or unknown, contingent or fixed, direct or indirect, 
and of whatever nature or description, and whether in law or in equity, 
under contract, tort, statute or otherwise, which any Releasor has 
heretofore had or now or hereafter can, shall or may have against any 
Released Party by reason of any act, omission or thing whatsoever done or 
omitted to be done on or prior to the Closing Date arising out of, 
connected with or related in any way to the Shares or the Notes or any act, 
event or transaction related or attendant thereto, or the agreements of the 
Holder contained

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

therein on or prior to the Closing Date; provided nothing in this Section 
4.9(b) shall relieve any Holder from their obligation to deliver of the 
Shares and Notes, duly endorsed for transfer.

     Section 4.10 Governing Law; Venue.

          (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA.

          (b) Each party commits that in the event a dispute should arise 
under this Agreement or relating in any manner hereto, the parties shall 
first endeavor to resolve their dispute by good faith negotiations between 
or among the parties. If the parties are unable to resolve their dispute, 
then the matter shall be reviewed by a senior level executive of each 
party. In the event these senior officers are unable to resolve the matter, 
the parties agree to attempt to mediate their dispute within thirty (30) 
days after the dispute initially arose, using a third party mediator. All 
mediation proceedings shall be confidential, and no information exchanged 
in such mediation shall be discoverable or admissible in any litigation 
involving the parties. In the event the parties are unable to mediate their 
dispute to a satisfactory resolution, each (i) irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of any State court sitting in Palm Beach County, Florida or 
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in 
any action arising out of these agreements, (ii) agrees that all claims in 
such action may be decided in such court, (iii) waives, to the fullest 
extent it may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum, and 
(iv) consents to the service of process by mail.

          (c) THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL 
RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED 
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

     Section 4.11 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral 
and written, between the parties and/or their Affiliates with respect to 
the subject matter of this Agreement.

     Section 4.12 Effect of Headings. The Article and Section headings 
herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction 
hereof.

     Section 4.13 Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement 
are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be 
deemed to be excluded from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement 
shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be 
enforced in accordance with its terms to the maximum extent permitted by 
law.

     Section 4.14 Public Announcements. Subject to each partys disclosure 
obligations imposed by law, each of the parties hereto agree that the terms 
of this Agreement shall not be disclosed or otherwise made available to the 
public and that copies of this Agreement shall not be publicly filed or 
otherwise made available to the public.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

     Section 4.15 Counterparts; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement 
may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an 
original, with the same effect as if the signatures were upon the same 
instrument. No provision of this Agreement shall confer upon any Person 
other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.


[Signature Page Follows]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to 
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date 
first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	IMPERIAL HOLDINGS, LLC
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Antony Mitchell 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Antony Mitchell 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	CEO 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BRANCH OFFICE OF SKARBONKA SP. Z O.O.
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ John Kleynhas 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	John Kleynhans 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Permanent Representative 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	PREMIUM FUNDING, INC.
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Chris Mangum 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Chris Mangum 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	President 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

EXECUTION COPY


SCHEDULE I
AMOUNTS HELD

Indebtedness:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Original
  	  	  	  	  	  	Principal
Original Holder 	  	Issue Date of 	  	  	  	Amount on
(Current Holder) 	  	Note1 	  	Original Issuer (Current Issuer) 	  	Issue 
Date
 
  Jasmund Ltd. (Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o.)
  	8/20/2007 	  	Originally Amalgamated Int'l Holdings S.A. (refinanced, 
renewed and assumed by Imperial Holdings, LLC) 	  	$ 	5,000,000 	 
  Jasmund Ltd. (Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o.)
  	12/12/2007 	  	Originally Amalgamated Int'l Holdings S.A. (refinanced 
and assumed by Imperial Holdings, LLC) 	  	$ 	3,000,000 	 
  Jasmund Ltd. (Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o.)
  	6/5/2008 	  	Imperial Holdings, LLC 	  	$ 	5,000,000 	 
  Jasmund Ltd. (Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o.)
  	8/8/2008 	  	Imperial Holdings, LLC 	  	$ 	1,600,000 	 
  (Amount Converted to Equity)2
  	  	  	  	  	$ 	(2,500,000 	)
 
  Total
  	  	  	  	  	$ 	12,100,000 	 
 

Equity:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Original Issue
Holder 	  	Type (common or preferred) 	  	Issuer 	  	Price
 
  Premium Funding, Inc.
  	112,500 Common Units 	  	Imperial Holdings, LLC 	  	$ 	5,000,000 	 
  Premium Funding, Inc.
  	25,000 Series B Preferred Units 	  	Imperial Holdings, LLC 	  	$ 	
2,500,000 	3
 
  Total
  	  	  	  	  	$ 	7,500,000 	 
 

 
1 	  	Each of these notes has been renewed and/or restated in one or more 
instances after the original issue date.
 
2 	  	See footnote 3.
 
3 	  	These preferred units were in substance issued in exchange for $2.5m 
of debt held by Branch Office of Skarbonka sp. z o. o. (in form, Premium 
Funding, Inc. contributed $2.5m to Imperial Holdings, LLC, which amount was 
in turn paid to Skarbonka Branch to repay $2.5m of the outstanding 
Skarbonka Branch debt).