 EX-10.2 2 dex102.htm AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO ADVISORY AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2


AMENDMENT NO. 1
TO THE
ADVISORY AGREEMENT


This amendment no. 1 to the Advisory Agreement dated as of October 8, 2010 
(the Advisory Agreement) between KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT, Inc., a 
Maryland corporation (the Company), and KBS Capital Advisors LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor), is entered as of 
November 9, 2010 (the Amendment). Capitalized terms used herein but not 
defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Advisory Agreement.


WHEREAS, the Company and the Advisor desire to amend the definition of 
Sale in the Advisory Agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree that 
the definition of Sale in the Advisory Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:


Sale means any transaction or series of transactions whereby: (A) the 
Company or the Partnership sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or 
relinquishes its ownership of any Property, Loan or other Permitted 
Investment or portion thereof, including the transfer of any Property that 
is the subject of a ground lease, including any event with respect to any 
Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment that gives rise to a 
significant amount of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, and 
including the issuance by one of the Companys subsidiaries of any 
asset-backed securities or collateralized debt obligations as part of a 
securitization transaction; (B) the Company or the Partnership sells, 
grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of all or 
substantially all of the interest of the Company or the Partnership in any 
Joint Venture or any partnership in which it is a partner; or (C) any Joint 
Venture or any partnership in which the Company or the Partnership is a 
partner, sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership 
of any Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment or portion thereof, 
including any event with respect to any Property, Loan or other Permitted 
Investment that gives rise to insurance claims or condemnation awards, and 
including the issuance by such Joint Venture or any partnership or one of 
its subsidiaries of any asset-backed securities or collateralized debt 
obligations as part of a securitization transaction.






Signature page follows.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of 
the date and year first above written.
 
KBS STRATEGIC OPPORTUNITY REIT, INC.
  	By: 	  	/s/ Keith D. Hall
  	 	  	Keith D. Hall, Chief Executive Officer
KBS CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC
  	By:   	  	PBren Investments, L.P., a Manager
  	 	  	By:  	  	PBren Investments, LLC, as general partner
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Peter M. Bren
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Peter M. Bren, Manager
  	By: 	  	Schreiber Real Estate Investments, L.P., a Manager
  	 	  	By: 	  	Schreiber Investments, LLC, as general partner
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Charles J. Schreiber, Jr.
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., Manager