 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm ADVISORY AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND KBS 
CAPITAL ADVISORS


 
Exhibit 10.1


ADVISORY AGREEMENT


between


KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.


and


KBS CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC
 
 
 


November 8, 2010

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 

 ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

   	  	1 	  

 ARTICLE 2 - APPOINTMENT

   	  	9 	  

 ARTICLE 3 - DUTIES OF THE ADVISOR

   	  	10 	  

  3.01 Organizational and Offering Services

   	  	10 	  

  3.02 Acquisition Services

   	  	10 	  

  3.03 Asset Management Services

   	  	11 	  

  3.04 Stockholder Services

   	  	13 	  

  3.05 Other Services

   	  	14 	  

 ARTICLE 4 - AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR

   	  	14 	  

  4.01 General

   	  	14 	  

  4.02 Powers of the Advisor

   	  	14 	  

  4.03 Approval by the Board of Directors

   	  	14 	  

  4.04 Modification or Revocation of Authority of Advisor

   	  	14 	  

 ARTICLE 5 - BANK ACCOUNTS

   	  	15 	  

 ARTICLE 6 - RECORDS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   	  	15 	  

 ARTICLE 7 - LIMITATION ON ACTIVITIES

   	  	15 	  

 ARTICLE 8 - FEES

   	  	16 	  

  8.01 Acquisition Fees

   	  	16 	  

  8.02 Asset Management Fees

   	  	16 	  

  8.03 Disposition Fees

   	  	18 	  

  8.04 Subordinated Share of Cash Flows

   	  	18 	  

  8.05 Subordinated Incentive Fee

   	  	19 	  

  8.06 Changes to Fee Structure

   	  	19 	  

 ARTICLE 9 - EXPENSES

   	  	19 	  

  9.01 General

   	  	19 	  

  9.02 Timing of and Limitations on Reimbursements

   	  	21 	  

 ARTICLE 10  VOTING AGREEMENT

   	  	22 	  

 ARTICLE 11 - RELATIONSHIP OF ADVISOR AND COMPANY; OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE
 ADVISOR

   	  	22 	  

  11.01 Relationship

   	  	22 	  

  11.02 Time Commitment

   	  	22 	  

  11.03 Investment Opportunities and Allocation

   	  	23 	  

 ARTICLE 12 - THE KBS NAME

   	  	23 	  

 ARTICLE 13 - TERM AND TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT

   	  	23 	  

  13.01 Term

   	  	23 	  

  13.02 Termination by Either Party

   	  	24 	  

  13.03 Payments on Termination and Survival of Certain Rights and
  Obligations

   	  	24 	  

 ARTICLE 14 - ASSIGNMENT

   	  	25 	  

 ARTICLE 15 - INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   	  	25 	  

 ARTICLE 16 - ADVANCE

   	  	26 	  

 ARTICLE 17 - MISCELLANEOUS

   	  	26 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  17.01 Notices

   	  	26 	  

  17.02 Modification

   	  	27 	  

  17.03 Severability

   	  	27 	  

  17.04 Construction

   	  	27 	  

  17.05 Entire Agreement

   	  	27 	  

  17.06 Waiver

   	  	27 	  

  17.07 Gender

   	  	27 	  

  17.08 Titles Not to Affect Interpretation

   	  	27 	  

  17.09 Counterparts

   	  	27 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ADVISORY AGREEMENT


This Advisory Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2010 (the Agreement), is 
between KBS Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the 
Company), and KBS Capital Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the Advisor).



W I T N E S S E T H


WHEREAS, the Company desires to avail itself of the knowledge, experience, 
sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities available 
to the Advisor and to have the Advisor undertake the duties and 
responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the 
supervision of, the Board of Directors of the Company, all as provided 
herein; and


WHEREAS, the Advisor is willing to undertake to render such services, 
subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company, on the 
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:



ARTICLE 1


DEFINITIONS


The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings 
specified below:


Acquisition Expenses means any and all expenses, excluding the fee 
payable to the Advisor pursuant to Section 8.01, incurred by the Company, 
the Advisor or any Affiliate of either in connection with the selection, 
acquisition or development of any property, loan or other potential 
investment, whether or not acquired or originated, as applicable, 
including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel and 
communications expenses, costs of appraisals, nonrefundable option payments 
on properties or other investments not acquired, accounting fees and 
expenses, and title insurance premiums.


Acquisition Fees means the fee payable to the Advisor pursuant to Section 
8.01 plus all other fees and commissions, excluding Acquisition Expenses, 
paid by any Person to any Person in connection with making or investing in 
any Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment or the purchase, 
development or construction of any Property by the Company. Included in the 
computation of such fees or commissions shall be any real estate 
commission, selection fee, Development Fee, Construction Fee, nonrecurring 
management fee, loan fees or points or any fee of a similar nature, however 
designated. Excluded shall be Development Fees and Construction Fees paid 
to Persons not
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affiliated with the Advisor in connection with the actual development and 
construction of a Property.


Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Article 16.


Advisor means (i) KBS Capital Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, or (ii) any successor advisor to the Company.


Affiliate or Affiliated. An Affiliate of another Person includes any of 
the following: (i) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, 
controlled by, or under common control with such other Person; (ii) any 
Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling, or holding with the 
power to vote 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities of such 
other Person; (iii) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an 
executive officer, director, trustee, or general partner; (iv) any Person 
10% or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or 
indirectly owned, controlled, or held, with power to vote, by such other 
Person; and (v) any executive officer, director, trustee, or general 
partner of such other Person. An entity shall not be deemed to control or 
be under common control with an Advisor-sponsored program unless (i) the 
entity owns 10% or more of the voting equity interests of such program or 
(ii) a majority of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of 
such program is composed of Affiliates of the entity.


Appraised Value means the value according to an appraisal made by an 
Independent Appraiser.


Articles of Incorporation means the Articles of Incorporation of the 
Company under Title 2 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the 
Annotated Code of Maryland, as amended from time to time.


Asset Management Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.02.


Average Invested Assets means, for a specified period, the average of the 
aggregate book value of the assets of the Company invested, directly or 
indirectly, in Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments secured by 
real estate before reserves for depreciation or bad debts or other similar 
non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of such values at the end 
of each month during such period.


Board of Directors or Board means the persons holding such office, as 
of any particular time, under the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, 
whether they be the Directors named therein or additional or successor 
Directors.


Bylaws means the bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time.


Cash from Financings means the net cash proceeds realized by the Company 
from the financing of Properties, Loans or other Permitted Investments or 
from the refinancing of any Company indebtedness (after deduction of all 
expenses incurred in connection therewith).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Cash from Sales and Settlements means the net cash proceeds realized by 
the Company (i) from the sale, exchange or other disposition of any of its 
assets or any portion thereof after deduction of all expenses incurred in 
connection therewith and (ii) from the prepayment, maturity, workout or 
other settlement of any Loan or Permitted Investment or portion thereof 
after deduction of all expenses incurred in connection therewith. In the 
case of a transaction described in clause (i) (C) of the definition of 
Sale and (i)(B) of the definition of Settlement, Cash from Sales and 
Settlements means the proceeds of any such transaction actually distributed 
to the Company from the Joint Venture or partnership. Cash from Sales and 
Settlements shall not include Cash from Financings.


Cash from Sales, Settlements and Financings means the total sum of Cash 
from Sales and Settlements and Cash from Financings.


Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the 
Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same 
may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any 
applicable regulations as in effect from time to time.


Company means KBS Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., a corporation 
organized under the laws of the State of Maryland.


Competitive Real Estate Commission means a real estate or brokerage 
commission for the purchase or sale of property that is reasonable, 
customary, and competitive in light of the size, type, and location of the 
property.


Conflicts Committee shall have the meaning set forth in the Companys 
Articles of Incorporation.


Construction Fee means a fee or other remuneration for acting as general 
contractor and/or construction manager to construct improvements, supervise 
and coordinate projects or to provide major repairs or rehabilitation on a 
Property.


Contract Sales Price means the total consideration received by the 
Company for the sale of a Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment.


Cost of JV Investment shall equal the product of (i) the amount actually 
paid or allocated to the purchase, development, construction or improvement 
of Properties by the New Leaf  KBS JV, LLC, inclusive of fees and expenses 
related thereto, and the amount of any outstanding debt associated with 
such Properties and the venture and (ii) the percentage that represents the 
Companys economic interest in New Leaf  KBS JV, LLC.


Cost of Real Estate Investments means the sum of (i) with respect to 
Properties wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, the amount 
actually paid or allocated to the purchase, development, construction or 
improvement of Properties, inclusive of fees and expenses related thereto, 
plus the amount of any outstanding debt
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
attributable to such Properties and (ii) in the case of Properties owned by 
any Joint Venture or partnership in which the Company or the Partnership 
is, directly or indirectly, a co-venturer or partner, the portion of the 
amount actually paid or allocated to the purchase, development, 
construction or improvement of Properties, inclusive of fees and expenses 
related thereto, plus the amount of any outstanding debt associated with 
such Properties that is attributable to the Companys investment in the 
Joint Venture or partnership.


Cost of Loans and other Permitted Investments means the sum of the cost 
of all Loans and Permitted Investments held, directly or indirectly, by the 
Company or the Partnership, calculated each month on an ongoing basis, and 
calculated as follows for each investment: the lesser of (i) the amount 
actually paid or allocated to acquire or fund the Loan or Permitted 
Investment (inclusive of fees and expenses related thereto and the amount 
of any debt associated with or used to acquire or fund such investment) and 
(ii) the outstanding principal amount of such Loan or Permitted Investment 
(plus the fees and expenses related to the acquisition or funding of such 
investment), as of the time of calculation. With respect to any Loan or 
Permitted Investment held by the Company or the Partnership through a Joint 
Venture or partnership of which it is, directly or indirectly, a 
co-venturer or partner, such amount shall be the Companys proportionate 
share thereof.


Dealer Manager means (i) KBS Capital Markets Group LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company, or (ii) any successor dealer manager to the 
Company.


Development Fee means a fee for the packaging of a Property, including 
negotiating and approving plans, and undertaking to assist in obtaining 
zoning and necessary variances and necessary financing for the Property, 
either initially or at a later date.


Director means a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.


Disposition Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.03.


Distributions means any distributions of money or other property by the 
Company to owners of Shares, including distributions that may constitute a 
return of capital for federal income tax purposes.


Funds from Operations means funds from operations as defined by NAREIT 
plus (i) any Acquisition Expenses and Acquisition Fees expensed by the 
Company and that are related to any Property, Loan or other Permitted 
Investment acquired or expected to be acquired by the Company and (ii) any 
non-operating non-cash charges incurred by the Company, such as impairments 
of Property or Loans, any other than temporary impairments of marketable 
securities, or other similar charges.


GAAP means accounting principals generally accepted in the United States.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Gross Proceeds means the aggregate purchase price of all Shares sold for 
the account of the Company through an Offering, without deduction for 
Organization and Offering Expenses.


Independent Appraiser means a person or entity with no material current 
or prior business or personal relationship with the Advisor or the 
Directors, who is engaged to a substantial extent in the business of 
rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by the 
Company, and who is a qualified appraiser of real estate as determined by 
the Board. Membership in a nationally recognized appraisal society such as 
the American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers (M.A.I.) or the Society 
of Real Estate Appraisers (S.R.E.A.) shall be conclusive evidence of such 
qualification.


Invested Capital means the amount calculated by multiplying the total 
number of Shares purchased by Stockholders by the issue price, reduced by 
any amounts paid by the Company to repurchase Shares pursuant to the 
Companys plan for redemption of Shares.


Joint Venture means any joint venture, limited liability company or other 
Affiliate of the Company that owns, in whole or in part, on behalf of the 
Company any Properties, Loans or other Permitted Investments.


Listed or Listing shall have the meaning set forth in the Companys 
Articles of Incorporation.


Loans means mortgage loans and other types of debt financing investments 
made by the Company or the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, 
including through ownership interests in a Joint Venture or partnership, 
and including, without limitation, mezzanine loans, B-notes, bridge loans, 
convertible mortgages, wraparound mortgage loans, construction mortgage 
loans, loans on leasehold interests, and participations in such loans.


NASAA Guidelines means the NASAA Statement of Policy Regarding Real 
Estate Investment Trusts as in effect on the date hereof.


New Leaf-KBS Management Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 
8.02(ii).


Net Income means, for any period, the total revenues applicable to such 
period, less the total expenses applicable to such period excluding 
additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash 
reserves; provided, however, Net Income for purposes of calculating total 
allowable Operating Expenses (as defined herein) shall exclude the gain 
from the sale of the Companys assets.


Offering means any offering of Shares that is registered with the SEC, 
excluding Shares offered under any employee benefit plan.


Operating Cash Flow means Operating Revenue Cash Flows minus the sum of 
(i) Operating Expenses, (ii) all principal and interest payments on 
indebtedness and other sums paid to lenders, (iii) the expenses of raising 
capital such as Organization and
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Offering Expenses, legal, audit, accounting, underwriting, brokerage, 
listing, registration, and other fees, printing and other such expenses and 
tax incurred in connection with the issuance, distribution, transfer, 
registration and Listing of the Shares, (iv) taxes, (v) incentive fees paid 
in compliance with Section IV.F. of the NASAA Guidelines and (vi) 
Acquisition Fees, Acquisition Expenses, real estate commissions on the 
resale of property, and other expenses connected with the acquisition, 
disposition, and ownership of real estate interests, loans or other 
property (such as the costs of foreclosure, insurance premiums, legal 
services, maintenance, repair and improvement of property).


Operating Expenses means all costs and expenses incurred by the Company, 
as determined under GAAP, that in any way are related to the operation of 
the Company or to Company business, including fees paid to the Advisor, but 
excluding (i) the expenses of raising capital such as Organization and 
Offering Expenses, legal, audit, accounting, underwriting, brokerage, 
listing, registration, and other fees, printing and other such expenses and 
tax incurred in connection with the issuance, distribution, transfer, 
registration and Listing of the Shares, (ii) interest payments, (iii) 
taxes, (iv) non-cash expenditures such as depreciation, amortization and 
bad loan reserves, (v) incentive fees paid in compliance with Section IV.F. 
of the NASAA Guidelines and (vi) Acquisition Fees, Acquisition Expenses, 
real estate commissions on the resale of property, and other expenses 
connected with the acquisition, disposition, and ownership of real estate 
interests, mortgage loans or other property (such as the costs of 
foreclosure, insurance premiums, legal services, maintenance, repair and 
improvement of property).


Operating Revenue Cash Flows means the Companys cash flow from ownership 
and/or operation of (i) Properties, (ii) Loans, (iii) Permitted 
Investments, (iv) short-term investments, and (v) interests in Properties, 
Loans and Permitted Investments owned by any Joint Venture or any 
partnership in which the Company or the Partnership is, directly or 
indirectly, a co-venturer or partner.


Organization and Offering Expenses means all expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Company in connection with or in preparing the Company for 
registration of and subsequently offering and distributing its Shares to 
the public, whether incurred before or after the date of this Agreement, 
which may include but are not limited to, total underwriting and brokerage 
discounts and commissions (including fees of the underwriters attorneys); 
any expense allowance granted by the Company to the underwriter or any 
reimbursement of expenses of the underwriter by the Company; expenses for 
printing, engraving and mailing; compensation of employees while engaged in 
sales activity; charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow 
holders, depositaries and experts; and expenses of qualification of the 
sale of the securities under Federal and State laws, including taxes and 
fees, accountants and attorneys fees.


Partnership means KBS Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership 
formed to own and operate Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments 
on behalf of the Company.


Performance Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(ii).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Permitted Investments means all investments (other than Properties and 
Loans) in which the Company may acquire an interest, either directly or 
indirectly, including through ownership interests in a Joint Venture or 
partnership, pursuant to its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the 
investment objectives and policies adopted by the Board from time to time, 
other than short-term investments acquired for purposes of cash management.


Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust 
(including a trust qualified under Section 401(a) or 501(c) (17) of the 
Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used 
exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, 
association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the 
Code, joint stock company or other entity, or any government or any agency 
or political subdivision thereof, and also includes a group as that term is 
used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.


Property or Properties means any real property or properties 
transferred or conveyed to the Company or the Partnership, either directly 
or indirectly, and/or any real property or properties transferred or 
conveyed to a Joint Venture or partnership in which the Company is, 
directly or indirectly, a co-venturer or partner.


Property Manager means an entity that has been retained to perform and 
carry out at one or more of the Properties property-management services, 
excluding persons, entities or independent contractors retained or hired to 
perform facility management or other services or tasks at a particular 
Property, the costs for which are passed through to and ultimately paid by 
the tenant at such Property.


Registration Statement means the registration statement filed by the 
Company with the SEC on Form S-11 (Reg. No. 333-126087), as amended from 
time to time, in connection with the initial public offering of the 
Companys Shares.


REIT means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 
860 of the Code.


Sale or Sales means (i) any transaction or series of transactions 
whereby: (A) the Company or the Partnership sells, grants, transfers, 
conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any Property, Loan or other 
Permitted Investment or portion thereof, including the transfer of any 
Property that is the subject of a ground lease, and including any event 
with respect to any Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment that gives 
rise to a significant amount of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards; 
(B) the Company or the Partnership sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or 
relinquishes its ownership of all or substantially all of the interest of 
the Company or the Partnership in any Joint Venture or partnership in which 
it is, directly or indirectly, a co-venturer or partner; or (C) any Joint 
Venture or partnership (in which the Company or the Partnership as a 
co-venturer or partner) sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes 
its ownership of any Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment or 
portion thereof, including any event with respect to any Property, Loan or 
other Permitted Investment that gives rise to insurance claims or 
condemnation awards, but (ii) not including any transaction or series of 
transactions
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
specified in clause (i) (A), (i) (B), or (i) (C) above in which the 
proceeds of such transaction or series of transactions are reinvested in 
one or more Properties, Loans or other Permitted Investments within 180 
days thereafter.


SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.


Settlement means (i) the prepayment, maturity, workout or other 
settlement of any Loan or other Permitted Investment or portion thereof 
owned, directly or indirectly, by (A) the Company or the Partnership or (B) 
any Joint Venture or any partnership in which the Company or the 
Partnership is, directly or indirectly, a partner, but (ii) not including 
any transaction or series of transactions specified in clause (i) (A) or 
(i) (B) above in which the proceeds of such prepayment, maturity, workout 
or other settlement are reinvested in one or more Properties, Loans or 
other Permitted Investments within 180 days thereafter.


Shares means the shares of common stock of the Company, par value $.01 
per share.


Stockholders means the registered holders of the Shares.


Stockholders 8% Return means, as of any date, an aggregate amount equal 
to an 8% cumulative, non-compounded, annual return on Invested Capital 
(calculated like simple interest on a daily basis based on a three hundred 
sixty-five day year). For purposes of calculating the Stockholders 8% 
Return, Invested Capital shall be determined for each day during the period 
for which the Stockholders 8% Return is being calculated and shall be 
calculated net of (1) Distributions of Operating Cash Flow to the extent 
such Distributions of Operating Cash Flow provide a cumulative, 
non-compounded, annual return in excess of 8%, as such amounts are computed 
on a daily basis based on a three hundred sixty-five day year and (2) 
Distributions of Cash from Sales, Settlements and Financings, except to the 
extent such Distributions would be required to supplement Distributions of 
Operating Cash Flow in order to achieve a cumulative, non-compounded, 
annual return of 8%, as such amounts are computed on a daily basis based on 
a three hundred sixty-five day year.


Subordinated Incentive Fee means the fee payable to the Advisor under 
certain circumstances if the Shares are Listed, as calculated in Section 
8.05.


Subordinated Performance Fee Due Upon Termination means a fee payable in 
the form of an interest bearing promissory note (the Performance Fee 
Note) in a principal amount equal to (1) 15% of the amount, if any, by 
which (a) the Appraised Value of the Companys Properties at the 
Termination Date, less amounts of all indebtedness secured by the Companys 
Properties, plus the fair market value of all other Loans and Permitted 
Investments of the Company at the Termination Date, less amounts of 
indebtedness related to such Loans and Permitted Investments, plus total 
Distributions (excluding any stock dividend) through the Termination Date 
exceeds (b) the sum of Invested Capital plus total Distributions required 
to be made to the stockholders in order to pay the Stockholders 8% Return 
from inception through the Termination Date less (2)
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any prior payment to the Advisor of a Subordinated Share of Cash Flows. 
Interest on the Performance Fee Note will accrue beginning on the 
Termination Date at a rate deemed fair and reasonable by the Conflicts 
Committee. The Company shall repay the Performance Fee Note at such time as 
the Company completes the first Sale or Settlement after the Termination 
Date using Cash from Sales and Settlements. If the Cash from Sales and 
Settlements from the first Sale or Settlement after the Termination Date is 
insufficient to pay the Performance Fee Note in full, including accrued 
interest, then the Performance Fee Note shall be paid in part from the Cash 
from Sales and Settlements from the first Sale or Settlement, and in part 
from the Cash from Sales and Settlements from each successive Sale or 
Settlement until the Performance Fee Note is repaid in full, with interest. 
If the Performance Fee Note has not been paid in full within five years 
from the Termination Date, then the Advisor, its successors or assigns, may 
elect to convert the balance of the fee, including accrued but unpaid 
interest, into Shares at a price per Share equal to the average closing 
price of the Shares over the ten trading days immediately preceding the 
date of such election if the Shares are Listed at such time. If the Shares 
are not Listed at such time, the Advisor, its successors or assigns, may 
elect to convert the balance of the fee, including accrued but unpaid 
interest, into Shares at a price per Share equal to the fair market value 
for the Shares as determined by the Board of Directors based upon the 
Appraised Value of Companys Properties on the date of election plus the 
fair market value of all other Loans and Permitted Investments of the 
Company on the date of election.


Subordinated Share of Cash Flows has the meaning set forth in Section 
8.04.


Termination Date means the date of termination of the Agreement 
determined in accordance with Article 13 hereof.


2%/25% Guidelines means the requirement pursuant to the NASAA Guidelines 
that, in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, total Operating 
Expenses not exceed the greater of 2% of the Companys Average Invested 
Assets during such 12-month period or 25% of the Companys Net Income over 
the same 12-month period.


7% Return has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(ii).



ARTICLE 2


APPOINTMENT


The Company hereby appoints the Advisor to serve as its advisor and asset 
manager on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the 
Advisor hereby accepts such appointment.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ARTICLE 3


DUTIES OF THE ADVISOR


The Advisor is responsible for managing, operating, directing and 
supervising the operations and administration of the Company and its 
assets. The Advisor undertakes to use its best efforts to present to the 
Company potential investment opportunities and to provide the Company with 
a continuing and suitable investment program consistent with the investment 
objectives and policies of the Company as determined and adopted from time 
to time by the Board of Directors. Subject to the limitations set forth in 
this Agreement, including Article 4 hereof, and the continuing and 
exclusive authority of the Board of Directors over the management of the 
Company, the Advisor shall, either directly or by engaging an Affiliate or 
third party, perform the following duties:


3.01 Organizational and Offering Services.  The Advisor shall perform all 
services related to the organization of the Company or any Offering or 
private sale of the Companys securities, other than services that (i) are 
to be performed by the Dealer Manager, (ii) the Company elects to perform 
directly or (iii) would require the Advisor to register as a broker-dealer 
with the SEC or any state.


3.02 Acquisition Services.


(i)  Serve as the Companys investment and financial advisor and provide 
relevant market research and economic and statistical data in connection 
with the Companys assets and investment objectives and policies;


(ii)  Subject to Section 4 hereof and the investment objectives and 
policies of the Company: (a) locate, analyze and select potential 
investments; (b) structure and negotiate the terms and conditions of 
transactions pursuant to which investments in Properties, Loans and other 
Permitted Investments will be made; (c) acquire, originate and dispose of 
Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments on behalf of the Company; 
(d) arrange for financing and refinancing and make other changes in the 
asset or capital structure of investments in Properties, Loans and other 
Permitted Investments; and (e) enter into leases, service contracts and 
other agreements for Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments;


(iii)  Perform due diligence on prospective investments and create due 
diligence reports summarizing the results of such work;


(iv)  Prepare reports regarding prospective investments that include 
recommendations and supporting documentation necessary for the Directors to 
evaluate the proposed investments;


(v)  Obtain reports (which may be prepared by the Advisor or its 
Affiliates), where appropriate, concerning the value of contemplated 
investments of the Company;
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(vi)  Deliver to or maintain on behalf of the Company copies of all 
appraisals obtained in connection with the Companys investments; and


(vii)  Negotiate and execute approved investments and other transactions, 
including prepayments, maturities, workouts and other settlements of Loans 
and other Permitted Investments.


3.03 Asset Management Services.


(i)  Real Estate and Related Services:


(a)  Investigate, select and, on behalf of the Company, engage and conduct 
business with (including enter contracts with) such Persons as the Advisor 
deems necessary to the proper performance of its obligations as set forth 
in this Agreement, including but not limited to consultants, accountants, 
lenders, technical advisors, attorneys, brokers, underwriters, corporate 
fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositaries, custodians, agents for 
collection, insurers, insurance agents, developers, construction companies, 
Property Managers and any and all Persons acting in any other capacity 
deemed by the Advisor necessary or desirable for the performance of any of 
the foregoing services;


(b)  Negotiate and service the Companys debt facilities and other 
financings;


(c)  Monitor applicable markets and obtain reports (which may be prepared 
by the Advisor or its Affiliates) where appropriate, concerning the value 
of investments of the Company;


(d)  Monitor and evaluate the performance of each asset of the Company and 
the Companys overall portfolio of assets, provide daily management 
services to the Company and perform and supervise the various management 
and operational functions related to the Companys investments;


(e)  Formulate and oversee the implementation of strategies for the 
administration, promotion, management, operation, maintenance, improvement, 
financing and refinancing, marketing, leasing and disposition of 
Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments on an overall portfolio 
basis;


(f)  Consult with the Companys officers and the Board of Directors and 
assist the Board in the formulation and implementation of the Companys 
financial policies, and, as necessary, furnish the Board with advice and 
recommendations with respect to the making of investments consistent with 
the investment objectives and policies of the Company and in connection 
with any borrowings proposed to be undertaken by the Company;
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(g)  Oversee the performance by the Property Managers of their duties, 
including collection and proper deposits of rental payments and payment of 
Property expenses and maintenance;


(h)  Conduct periodic on-site property visits to some or all (as the 
Advisor deems reasonably necessary) of the Properties to inspect the 
physical condition of the Properties and to evaluate the performance of the 
Property Managers;


(i)  Review, analyze and comment upon the operating budgets, capital 
budgets and leasing plans prepared and submitted by each Property Manager 
and aggregate these property budgets into the Companys overall budget;


(j)  Coordinate and manage relationships between the Company and any 
co-venturers or partners; and


(k)  Consult with the Companys officers and Board of Directors and provide 
assistance with the evaluation and approval of potential asset 
dispositions, sales and refinancings.


(ii)  Accounting and Other Administrative Services:


(a)  Provide the day-to-day management of the Company and perform and 
supervise the various administrative functions reasonably necessary for the 
management of the Company;


(b)  From time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Board, 
make reports to the Board on the Advisors performance of services to the 
Company under this Agreement;


(c)  Make reports to the Conflicts Committee each quarter of the 
investments that have been made by other programs sponsored by the Advisor 
or any of its Affiliates, including KBS Realty Advisors LLC, as well as any 
investments that have been made by the Advisor or any of its Affiliates 
directly;


(d)  Provide or arrange for any administrative services and items, legal 
and other services, office space, office furnishings, personnel and other 
overhead items necessary and incidental to the Companys business and 
operations;


(e)  Provide financial and operational planning services;


(f)  Maintain accounting and other record-keeping functions at the Company 
level and the investment levels, including information concerning the 
activities of the Company as shall be required to prepare and to file all 
periodic financial reports, tax returns and any other
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
information required to be filed with the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service 
and any other regulatory agency;


(g)  Maintain and preserve all appropriate books and records of the 
Company;


(h)  Provide tax and compliance services and coordinate with appropriate 
third parties, including the Companys independent auditors and other 
consultants, on related tax matters;


(i)  Provide the Company with all necessary cash management services;


(j)  Manage and coordinate with the transfer agent the dividend process and 
payments to Stockholders;


(k)  Consult with the Companys officers and Board of Directors and assist 
the Board in evaluating and obtaining adequate insurance coverage based 
upon risk management determinations;


(l)  Provide the Companys officers and Board of Directors with timely 
updates related to the overall regulatory environment affecting the 
Company, as well as managing compliance with such matters, including but 
not limited to compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;


(m)  Consult with the Companys officers and Board of Directors relating to 
the corporate governance structure and appropriate policies and procedures 
related thereto;


(n)  Perform all reporting, record keeping, internal controls and similar 
matters in a manner to allow the Company to comply with applicable law, 
including federal and state securities laws and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002;


(o)  Notify the Board of Directors of all proposed material transactions 
before they are completed; and


(p)  Do all things necessary to assure its ability to render the services 
described in this Agreement.


3.04 Stockholder Services.


(i)  Manage services for and communications with Stockholders, including 
answering phone calls, preparing and sending written and electronic reports 
and other communications;


(ii)  Oversee the performance of the transfer agent and registrar; and
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(iii)  Establish technology infrastructure to assist in providing 
Stockholder support and service.


3.05 Other Services. Except as provided in Article 7, the Advisor shall 
perform any other services reasonably requested by the Company (acting 
through the Conflicts Committee).



ARTICLE 4


AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR


4.01 General.  All rights and powers to manage and control the day-to-day 
business and affairs of the Company shall be vested in the Advisor. The 
Advisor shall have the power to delegate all or any part of its rights and 
powers to manage and control the business and affairs of the Company to 
such officers, employees, Affiliates, agents and representatives of the 
Advisor or the Company as it may deem appropriate. Any authority delegated 
by the Advisor to any other Person shall be subject to the limitations on 
the rights and powers of the Advisor specifically set forth in this 
Agreement or the Articles of Incorporation of the Company.


4.02 Powers of the Advisor. Subject to the express limitations set forth in 
this Agreement and the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board of 
Directors over the management of the Company, the power to direct the 
management, operation and policies of the Company shall be vested in the 
Advisor, which shall have the power by itself and shall be authorized and 
empowered on behalf and in the name of the Company to carry out any and all 
of the objectives and purposes of the Company and to perform all acts and 
enter into and perform all contracts and other undertakings that it may in 
its sole discretion deem necessary, advisable or incidental thereto to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement.


4.03 Approval by the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Advisor may not take any action on behalf of the Company without the prior 
approval of the Board of Directors or duly authorized committees thereof if 
the Articles of Incorporation or Maryland General Corporation Law require 
the prior approval of the Board of Directors. The Advisor will deliver to 
the Board of Directors all documents required by it to evaluate a proposed 
investment (and any related financing).


4.04 Modification or Revocation of Authority of Advisor. The Board of 
Directors may, at any time upon the giving of notice to the Advisor, modify 
or revoke the authority or approvals set forth in Article 3 and this 
Article 4 hereof; provided, however, that such modification or revocation 
shall be effective upon receipt by the Advisor and shall not be applicable 
to investment transactions to which the Advisor has committed the Company 
prior to the date of receipt by the Advisor of such notification.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ARTICLE 5


BANK ACCOUNTS


The Advisor may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in its own 
name for the account of the Company or in the name of the Company and may 
collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from 
any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company, under 
such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may approve, provided 
that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Advisor. The 
Advisor shall from time to time render appropriate accountings of such 
collections and payments to the Board and the independent auditors of the 
Company.



ARTICLE 6


RECORDS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Advisor, in the conduct of its responsibilities to the Company, shall 
maintain adequate and separate books and records for the Companys 
operations in accordance with GAAP, which shall be supported by sufficient 
documentation to ascertain that such books and records are properly and 
accurately recorded. Such books and records shall be the property of the 
Company and shall be available for inspection by the Board and by counsel, 
auditors and other authorized agents of the Company, at any time or from 
time to time during normal business hours. Such books and records shall 
include all information necessary to calculate and audit the fees or 
reimbursements paid under this Agreement. The Advisor shall utilize 
procedures to attempt to ensure such control over accounting and financial 
transactions as is reasonably required to protect the Companys assets from 
theft, error or fraudulent activity. All financial statements that the 
Advisor delivers to the Company shall be prepared on an accrual basis in 
accordance with GAAP, except for special financial reports that by their 
nature require a deviation from GAAP. The Advisor shall liaise with the 
Companys officers and independent auditors and shall provide such officers 
and auditors with the reports and other information that the Company so 
requests.



ARTICLE 7


LIMITATION ON ACTIVITIES


Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Advisor shall not take any action that, in its sole judgment made in good 
faith, would (i) adversely affect the ability of the Company to qualify or 
continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code, (ii) subject the Company to 
regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (iii) 
violate any law, rule, regulation or statement of policy of any 
governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company, its 
Shares or its other securities, (iv) require the Advisor to register as a 
broker-dealer with the SEC or any state, or (v) violate the Articles of 
Incorporation or Bylaws. In the event an action
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
that would violate (i) through (v) of the preceding sentence but such 
action has been ordered by the Board of Directors of the Company, the 
Advisor shall notify the Board of Directors of the Advisors judgment of 
the potential impact of such action and shall refrain from taking such 
action until it receives further clarification or instructions from the 
Board of Directors. In such event, the Advisor shall have no liability for 
acting in accordance with the specific instructions of the Board of 
Directors so given.



ARTICLE 8


FEES


8.01 Acquisition Fees. As compensation for the investigation, selection and 
acquisition (by purchase, investment or exchange) of Properties, Loans and 
other Permitted Investments, the Company shall pay Acquisition Fees to the 
Advisor for each such investment. With respect to the acquisition of a 
Property to be wholly owned by the Company, the Acquisition Fee payable to 
the Advisor shall equal 0.75% of the sum of the amount actually paid or 
allocated to the purchase, development, construction or improvement of such 
Property, inclusive of the Acquisition Expenses associated with such 
Property, and the amount of any debt attributable to such Property. With 
respect to Loans and other Permitted Investments, the Acquisition Fee 
payable to the Advisor shall equal 0.75% of the cost of such investment, 
inclusive of Acquisition Expenses associated with such investment and the 
amount of any debt attributable to such investment. With respect to the 
acquisition of Properties, Loans or other Permitted Investments through any 
Joint Venture or partnership in which the Company is a co-venturer or 
partner, the Acquisition Fee payable to the Advisor shall equal 0.75% of 
(i) with respect to Properties, the portion of the amount actually paid or 
allocated to the purchase, development, construction or improvement of the 
Property, inclusive of the Acquisition Expenses associated with such 
Property, plus the amount of any outstanding debt associated with such 
property that is attributable to the Companys investment in the Joint 
Venture or partnership and (ii) with respect to Loans and other Permitted 
Investments, the cost of such investment, inclusive of Acquisition Expenses 
associated with such investment and the amount of any debt attributable to 
such investment that is attributable to the Companys investment in the 
Joint Venture or partnership. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, the payment of Acquisition Fees by the Company shall be subject 
to the limitations contained in the Companys Articles of Incorporation. 
The Advisor shall submit an invoice to the Company following the closing or 
closings of each acquisition, accompanied by a computation of the 
Acquisition Fee. The Acquisition Fee payable to the Advisor shall be paid 
at the closing of the acquisition upon receipt of the invoice by the 
Company.


8.02 Asset Management Fees.


(i)  Except as provided in Sections 8.02(ii) and 8.02(iii) hereof, the 
Company shall pay the Advisor as compensation for the services described in 
Section 3.03 hereof a monthly fee (the Asset Management Fee) in an amount 
equal to one-twelfth of 0.75% of the sum of the Cost of Real Estate 
Investments
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and the Cost of Loans and other Permitted Investments. The Advisor shall 
submit a monthly invoice to the Company, accompanied by a computation of 
the Asset Management Fee for the applicable period. The Asset Management 
Fee shall be payable on the last day of such month, or the first business 
day following the last day of such month. The Asset Management Fee may or 
may not be taken, in whole or in part, as to any period in the sole 
discretion of the Advisor. All or any portion of the Asset Management Fees 
not paid as to any period shall be deferred without interest and may be 
taken in such other fiscal period as the Advisor shall determine.


(ii)  The Asset Management Fee described in Section 8.02(i) hereof is not 
payable with respect to the Companys investment in the New Leaf  KBS JV, 
LLC and Cost of Real Estate Investments as used in Section 8.02(i) shall 
not include the Companys allocable portion of its investment in the New 
Leaf  KBS JV, LLC. Instead, and except as provided in Section 8.02(iii) 
hereof, with respect to the Companys investment in the New Leaf  KBS JV, 
LLC, the Company shall pay the Advisor a separate management fee (the New 
Leaf-KBS Management Fee). The New Leaf-KBS Management Fee shall be a 
monthly fee in an amount equal to 1/12 of 0.27% of Cost of JV Investment. 
The Advisor shall submit a monthly invoice to the Company, accompanied by a 
computation of the New Leaf-KBS Management Fee for the applicable period. 
The New Leaf-KBS Management Fee shall be payable on the last day of such 
month, or the first business day following the last day of such month. The 
New Leaf-KBS Management Fee may or may not be taken, in whole or in part, 
as to any period in the sole discretion of the Advisor. All or any portion 
of the New Leaf-KBS Management Fee not paid as to any period shall be 
deferred without interest and may be taken in such other fiscal period as 
the Advisor shall determine.


In addition, if at any time during the Companys ownership of an interest 
in the New Leaf  KBS JV, LLC, the Companys Funds from Operations for the 
period commencing January 1, 2006 through the date of any such calculation 
exceed an amount that is equal to a 7.0% cumulative, non-compounded, annual 
return on Invested Capital for the Companys Stockholders for the period 
from July 18, 2006 through the date of such reimbursement (the 7% 
Return), then as of the date of such calculation the Advisor shall earn a 
fee (the Performance Fee) in an amount that would make the Advisors 
cumulative fees related to the Companys investment in the New Leaf  KBS 
JV, LLC (including the New Leaf-KBS Management Fee set forth above and any 
Performance Fee amounts already paid) equal to 0.75% of the Cost of JV 
Investment on an annualized basis from the date of the Companys investment 
in the New Leaf  KBS JV, LLC through the date of calculation, provided 
that on any calculation date the Advisor shall earn only the portion of 
this amount that is available from the Companys positive Funds from 
Operations for the period commencing January 1, 2006 through the date of 
any such calculation less the 7% Return.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 8.02(ii), no Performance 
Fee will be earned unless and until the Advance described in Article 16 
hereof, as amended in the future, has been repaid in full.


(iii)  Notwithstanding anything contained in Sections 8.02(i) and 8.02(ii) 
to the contrary, a Property (including the New Leaf  KBS JV, LLC 
investment), Loan or other Permitted Investment that has suffered an 
impairment in value, reduction in cash flow or other negative circumstances 
may either be excluded from the calculation of the Cost of Real Estate 
Investments, the Cost of Loans and other Permitted Investments or the Cost 
of JV Investment or included in such calculation at a reduced value that is 
recommended by the Advisor and the Companys management and then approved 
by a majority of the Companys independent directors, and the resulting 
change in the fee with respect to such investment will be applicable upon 
the earlier to occur of the date on which (i) such investment is sold, (ii) 
such investment is surrendered to a Person other than the Company, its 
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary or a Joint Venture or 
partnership in which the Company has an interest, (iii) the Advisor 
determines that it will no longer pursue collection or other remedies 
related to such investment, or (iv) the Advisor recommends a revised fee 
arrangement with respect to such investment.


8.03 Disposition Fees.  If the Advisor or any of its Affiliates provide a 
substantial amount of services (as determined by the Conflicts Committee) 
in connection with a Sale, the Advisor or such Affiliate shall receive a 
fee at the closing (the Disposition Fee) equal to 1.0% of the Contract 
Sales Price; provided, however, that no Disposition Fee shall be payable to 
the Advisor for any Sale if such Sale involves the Company selling all or 
substantially all of its assets in one or more transactions designed to 
effectuate a business combination transaction (as opposed to a Company 
liquidation, in which case the Disposition Fee would be payable if the 
Advisor or an Affiliate provides a substantial amount of services as 
provided above). Any Disposition Fee payable under this Section 8.03 may be 
paid in addition to commissions paid to non-Affiliates, provided that the 
total commissions (including such Disposition Fee) paid to all Persons by 
the Company for each Sale shall not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of 
(i) 6.0% of the aggregate Contract Sales Price of each Property, Loan or 
other Permitted Investment or (ii) the Competitive Real Estate Commission 
for each Property, Loan or other Permitted Investment. Substantial 
assistance in connection with the Sale of a Property includes the Advisors 
preparation of an investment package for the Property (including a new 
investment analysis, rent rolls, tenant information regarding credit, a 
property title report, an environmental report, a structural report and 
exhibits) or such other substantial services performed by the Advisor in 
connection with a Sale.


8.04 Subordinated Share of Cash Flows.  The Subordinated Share of Cash 
Flows shall be payable to the Advisor in an amount equal to 15% of 
Operating Cash Flow and Cash from Sales, Settlements and Financings 
remaining after the Stockholders have received Distributions of Operating 
Cash Flow and of Cash from Sales, Settlements and Financings such that the 
owners of all outstanding Shares have received Distributions in
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
an aggregate amount equal to the sum of:
 
  	a. 	the Stockholders 8% Return and
  	b. 	Invested Capital.


When determining whether the above threshold has been met:
 
  	(A) 	Any stock dividend shall not be included as a Distribution; and
 
  	(B) 	Distributions paid on Shares redeemed by the Company (and thus no 
longer included in the determination of Invested Capital), shall not be 
included as a Distribution.


Following Listing, no Subordinated Share of Cash Flows will be paid to the 
Advisor.


8.05 Subordinated Incentive Fee.  Upon Listing, the Advisor shall be 
entitled to the Subordinated Incentive Fee in an amount equal to 15.0% of 
the amount by which (i) the market value of the outstanding Shares of the 
Company, measured by taking the average closing price or the average of the 
bid and asked price, as the case may be, over a period of 30 days during 
which the Shares are traded, with such period beginning 180 days after 
Listing (the Market Value), plus the total of all Distributions paid to 
Stockholders (excluding any stock dividends) from the Companys inception 
until the date that Market Value is determined, exceeds (ii) the sum of (A) 
100% of Invested Capital and (B) the total Distributions required to be 
paid to the Stockholders in order to pay the Stockholders 8% Return from 
inception through the date Market Value is determined. The Company shall 
have the option to pay such fee in the form of cash, Shares, a promissory 
note or any combination of the foregoing. The Subordinated Incentive Fee 
will be reduced by the amount of any prior payment to the Advisor of a 
Subordinated Share of Cash Flows. In the event the Subordinated Incentive 
Fee is paid to the Advisor following Listing, no other performance fee will 
be paid to the Advisor.


8.06 Changes to Fee Structure.  In the event of Listing, the Company and 
the Advisor shall negotiate in good faith to establish a fee structure 
appropriate for a perpetual-life entity.



ARTICLE 9


EXPENSES


9.01 General.  In addition to the compensation paid to the Advisor pursuant 
to Article 8 hereof, the Company shall pay directly or reimburse the 
Advisor for all of the expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor or its 
Affiliates on behalf of the Company or in connection with the services 
provided to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not 
limited to:
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(i)  All Organization and Offering Expenses; provided, however, that the 
Company shall not reimburse the Advisor to the extent such reimbursement 
would cause the total amount spent by the Company on Organization and 
Offering Expenses to exceed 15% of the Gross Proceeds raised as of the date 
of the reimbursement and provided further that within 60 days after the end 
of the month in which an Offering terminates, the Advisor shall reimburse 
the Company to the extent the Company incurred Organization and Offering 
Expenses exceeding 15% of the Gross Proceeds raised in the completed 
Offering; the Company shall not reimburse the Advisor for any Organization 
and Offering Expenses that the Conflicts Committee determines are not fair 
and commercially reasonable to the Company.


(ii)  Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses incurred in connection with 
the selection and acquisition of Properties, Loans and other Permitted 
Investments, including such expenses incurred related to assets pursued or 
considered but not ultimately acquired by the Company, provided that, 
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the payment of Acquisition 
Fees and Acquisition Expenses by the Company shall be subject to the 
limitations contained in the Companys Articles of Incorporation;


(iii)  The actual out-of-pocket cost of goods and services used by the 
Company and obtained from entities not Affiliated with the Advisor;


(iv)  Interest and other costs for borrowed money, including discounts, 
points and other similar fees;


(v)  Taxes and assessments on income or Properties, taxes as an expense of 
doing business and any other taxes otherwise imposed on the Company and its 
business, assets or income;


(vi)  Out-of-pocket costs associated with insurance required in connection 
with the business of the Company or by its officers and Directors;


(vii)  Expenses of managing, improving, developing, operating and selling 
Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Company, as well as expenses of other transactions 
relating to such Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments, 
including but not limited to prepayments, maturities, workouts and other 
settlements of Loans and other Permitted Investments;


(viii)  All out-of-pocket expenses in connection with payments to the Board 
of Directors and meetings of the Board of Directors and Stockholders;


(ix)  Personnel and related employment costs incurred by the Advisor or its 
Affiliates in performing the services described in Article 3 hereof, 
including but not limited to reasonable salaries and wages, benefits and 
overhead of all employees directly involved in the performance of such 
services, provided that, other than reimbursement of travel and 
communications expenses, no
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reimbursement shall be made for the compensation of such employees of the 
Advisor or its Affiliates to the extent that such employees perform 
services for which the Advisor receives Acquisition Fees or Disposition 
Fees;


(x)  Out-of-pocket expenses of providing services for and maintaining 
communications with Stockholders, including the cost of preparation, 
printing, and mailing annual reports and other Stockholder reports, proxy 
statements and other reports required by governmental entities;


(xi)  Audit, accounting and legal fees, and other fees for professional 
services relating to the operations of the Company and all such fees 
incurred at the request, or on behalf of, the Board of the Directors, the 
Conflicts Committee or any other committee of the Board of Directors;


(xii)  Out-of-pocket costs for the Company to comply with all applicable 
laws, regulations and ordinances;


(xiii)  Expenses connected with payments of Distributions made or caused to 
be made by the Company to the Stockholders;


(xiv)  Expenses of organizing, redomesticating, merging, liquidating or 
dissolving the Company or of amending the Articles of Incorporation or the 
Bylaws; and


(xv)  All other out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Advisor in performing 
its duties hereunder.


9.02 Timing of and Additional Limitations on Reimbursements.


(i)  Expenses incurred by the Advisor on behalf of the Company and 
reimbursable pursuant to this Article 9 shall be reimbursed no less than 
monthly to the Advisor. The Advisor shall prepare a statement documenting 
the expenses of the Company during each quarter and shall deliver such 
statement to the Company within 45 days after the end of each quarter.


(ii)  Notwithstanding anything else in this Article 9 to the contrary, the 
expenses enumerated in this Article 9 shall not become reimbursable to the 
Advisor unless and until the Company has raised $2.5 million in its initial 
public offering.


(iii)  The Company shall not reimburse the Advisor at the end of any fiscal 
quarter for Operating Expenses that in the four consecutive fiscal quarters 
then ended (the Expense Year) exceed (the Excess Amount) the greater of 
2% of Average Invested Assets or 25% of Net Income (the 2%/25% 
Guidelines) for such year unless the Conflicts Committee determines that 
such excess was justified, based on unusual and nonrecurring factors that 
the Conflicts Committee deems sufficient. If the Conflicts Committee does 
not approve such excess as being so justified, any Excess Amount paid to 
the Advisor during a fiscal quarter
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall be repaid to the Company. If the Conflicts Committee determines such 
excess was justified, then, within 60 days after the end of any fiscal 
quarter of the Company for which total reimbursed Operating Expenses for 
the Expense Year exceed the 2%/25% Guidelines, the Advisor, at the 
direction of the Conflicts Committee, shall send to the Stockholders a 
written disclosure of such fact, together with an explanation of the 
factors the Conflicts Committee considered in determining that such excess 
expenses were justified. The Company will ensure that such determination 
will be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors. 
All figures used in the foregoing computation shall be determined in 
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis.



ARTICLE 10


VOTING AGREEMENT


The Advisor agrees that, with respect to any Shares now or hereinafter 
owned by it, the Advisor will not vote or consent on matters submitted to 
the stockholders of the Company regarding (i) the removal of the Advisor or 
any Affiliate of the Advisor or (ii) any transaction between the Company 
and the Advisor or any of its Affiliates. This voting restriction shall 
survive until such time that the Advisor is both no longer serving as such 
and is no longer an Affiliate of the Company.



ARTICLE 11


RELATIONSHIP OF ADVISOR AND COMPANY;
OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISOR


11.01 Relationship.  The Company and the Advisor are not partners or joint 
venturers with each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed 
to make them such partners or joint venturers. Nothing herein contained 
shall prevent the Advisor from engaging in other activities, including, 
without limitation, the rendering of advice to other Persons (including 
other REITs) and the management of other programs advised, sponsored or 
organized by the Advisor or its Affiliates. Nor shall this Agreement limit 
or restrict the right of any manager, director, officer, employee or 
equityholder of the Advisor or its Affiliates to engage in any other 
business or to render services of any kind to any other Person. The Advisor 
may, with respect to any investment in which the Company is a participant, 
also render advice and service to each and every other participant therein. 
The Advisor shall promptly disclose to the Board of Directors the existence 
of any condition or circumstance, existing or anticipated, of which it has 
knowledge, that creates or could create a conflict of interest between the 
Advisors obligations to the Company and its obligations to or its interest 
in any other Person.


11.02 Time Commitment.  The Advisor shall, and shall cause its Affiliates 
and their respective employees, officers and agents to, devote to the 
Company such time as shall be reasonably necessary to conduct the business 
and affairs of the Company in an appropriate manner consistent with the 
terms of this Agreement. The Company
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
acknowledges that the Advisor and its Affiliates and their respective 
employees, officers and agents may also engage in activities unrelated to 
the Company and may provide services to Persons other than the Company or 
any of its Affiliates.


11.03 Investment Opportunities and Allocation.  The Advisor shall be 
required to use commercially reasonable efforts to present a continuing and 
suitable investment program to the Company that is consistent with the 
investment policies and objectives of the Company, but neither the Advisor 
nor any Affiliate of the Advisor shall be obligated generally to present 
any particular investment opportunity to the Company even if the 
opportunity is of character that, if presented to the Company, could be 
taken by the Company. In the event an investment opportunity is located, 
the allocation procedure set forth under the caption Conflicts of Interest 
 Certain Conflict Resolution Measures  Allocation of Investment 
Opportunities in the Registration Statement shall govern the allocation of 
the opportunity among the Company and Affiliates of the Advisor.



ARTICLE 12


THE KBS NAME


The Advisor and its Affiliates have a proprietary interest in the name 
KBS. The Advisor hereby grants to the Company a non-transferable, 
non-assignable, non-exclusive royalty-free right and license to use the 
name KBS during the term of this Agreement. Accordingly, and in 
recognition of this right, if at any time the Company ceases to retain the 
Advisor or one of its Affiliates to perform advisory services for the 
Company, the Company will, promptly after receipt of written request from 
the Advisor, cease to conduct business under or use the name KBS or any 
derivative thereof and the Company shall change its name and the names of 
any of its subsidiaries to a name that does not contain the name KBS or 
any other word or words that might, in the reasonable discretion of the 
Advisor, be susceptible of indication of some form of relationship between 
the Company and the Advisor or any its Affiliates. At such time, the 
Company will also make any changes to any trademarks, servicemarks or other 
marks necessary to remove any references to the word KBS. Consistent with 
the foregoing, it is specifically recognized that the Advisor or one or 
more of its Affiliates has in the past and may in the future organize, 
sponsor or otherwise permit to exist other investment vehicles (including 
vehicles for investment in real estate) and financial and service 
organizations having KBS as a part of their name, all without the need 
for any consent (and without the right to object thereto) by the Company.



ARTICLE 13


TERM AND TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT


13.01 Term.  This Agreement shall have an initial term of one year from the 
date hereof and may be renewed for an unlimited number of successive 
one-year terms upon mutual consent of the parties. The Company (acting 
through the Conflicts Committee) will evaluate the performance of the 
Advisor annually before renewing this Agreement,
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one year. Any 
such renewal must be approved by the Conflicts Committee.


13.02 Termination by Either Party.  This Agreement may be terminated upon 
60 days written notice without cause or penalty by either the Company 
(acting through the Conflicts Committee) or the Advisor. The provisions of 
Articles 1, 10, 12, 13, 15, 16 and 17 shall survive termination of this 
Agreement.


13.03 Payments on Termination and Survival of Certain Rights and 
Obligations.  Payments to the Advisor pursuant to this Section 13.03 shall 
be subject to the 2%/25% Guidelines to the extent applicable.


(i)  After the Termination Date, the Advisor shall not be entitled to 
compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to 
receive from the Company within 30 days after the effective date of such 
termination (A) all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but 
unpaid fees payable to the Advisor prior to termination of this Agreement 
and (B) the Subordinated Performance Fee Due Upon Termination, provided 
that no Subordinated Performance Fee Due Upon Termination will be paid if 
the Company has paid or is obligated to pay the Subordinated Incentive Fee.


(ii)  The Advisor shall promptly upon termination:


(a)  pay over to the Company all money collected pursuant to this 
Agreement, if any, after deducting any accrued compensation and 
reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled;


(b)  deliver to the Board of Directors a full accounting, including a 
statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money 
held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting 
furnished to the Board;


(c)  deliver to the Board of Directors all assets and documents of the 
Company then in the custody of the Advisor; and


(d)  cooperate with the Company to provide an orderly transition of 
advisory functions.


(iii)  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 13.03 to the 
contrary, the payment obligations of the Company and Advisor set forth in 
Article 16 of this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ARTICLE 14


ASSIGNMENT


This Agreement may be assigned by the Advisor to an Affiliate with the 
consent of the Conflicts Committee. The Advisor may assign any rights to 
receive fees or other payments under this Agreement without obtaining the 
approval of the Board of Directors or the Conflicts Committee. This 
Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company without the consent of the 
Advisor, except in the case of an assignment by the Company to a 
corporation or other organization that is a successor to all of the assets, 
rights and obligations of the Company, in which case such successor 
organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment 
in the same manner as the Company is bound by this Agreement.



ARTICLE 15


INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Advisor and its 
Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, equity holders, 
partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses 
arising in the performance of their duties hereunder, and related expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys fees, to the extent such liability, claims, 
damages or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by 
insurance, subject to any limitations imposed by the Companys the Articles 
of Incorporation. Any indemnification of the Advisor may be made only out 
of the net assets of the Company and not from Stockholders.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ARTICLE 16


ADVANCE


Notwithstanding anything contained in Article 9 of this Agreement to the 
contrary, the Advisor hereby agrees to advance funds (the Advance) to the 
Company equal to the amount by which the cumulative amount of distributions 
declared by the Company from January 1, 2006 through the period ending 
August 31, 2010 exceeds the amount of the Companys Funds from Operations 
from January 1, 2006 through August 31, 2010. Advisor further agrees that 
the Company will only be obligated to reimburse the Advisor for the Advance 
if and to the extent that the Companys cumulative Funds from Operations 
for the period commencing January 1, 2006 through the date of any such 
reimbursement exceeds the lesser of (i) the cumulative amount of any 
distributions declared and payable to the Companys Stockholders as of the 
date of such reimbursement or (ii) an amount that is equal to a 7.0% 
cumulative, non-compounded, annual return on Invested Capital for the 
Companys Stockholders for the period from July 18, 2006 through the date 
of such reimbursement. Advisor understands and agrees that no interest 
shall accrue on the Advance being made under this Agreement.



ARTICLE 17


MISCELLANEOUS


17.01 Notices.  Any notice, report or other communication required or 
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other 
method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by 
the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws or is accepted by the party to 
whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand or by 
overnight mail or other overnight delivery service to the addresses set 
forth herein:


To the Company or the Board of Directors:


KBS Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.
620 Newport Center Drive, Suite 1300
Newport Beach, California 92660


To the Advisor:


KBS Capital Advisors LLC
620 Newport Center Drive, Suite 1300
Newport Beach, California 92660


Either party may at any time give notice in writing to the other party of a 
change in its address for the purposes of this Section 17.01.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
17.02 Modification.  This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, 
terminated or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in 
writing signed by both parties hereto, or their respective successors or 
permitted assigns.


17.03 Severability.  The provisions of this Agreement are independent of 
and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or 
rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason 
any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in 
part.


17.04 Construction.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed 
and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.


17.05 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement and 
understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, 
understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or 
written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter 
hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of 
performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms 
hereof. This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an 
agreement in writing.


17.06 Waiver.  Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to 
exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further 
exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor 
shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to 
any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or 
privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be 
effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to 
have granted such waiver.


17.07 Gender.  Words used herein regardless of the number and gender 
specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other 
number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or 
neuter, as the context requires.


17.08 Titles Not to Affect Interpretation.  The titles of Articles and 
Sections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they 
neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the 
construction or interpretation hereof.


17.09 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against 
any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together 
constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding 
when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall 
bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the 
signatories.


[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.
Signature page follows.]
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date and year first above written.
 
 
KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC.
  	By: 	  	
/s/ Charles J. Schreiber, Jr.
  	 	  	Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., Chief Executive Officer
KBS CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC
  	By:   	  	PBren Investments, L.P., a Manager
  	 	  	By:  	  	PBren Investments, LLC, as general partner
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Peter M. Bren
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Peter M. Bren, Manager
  	By: 	  	Schreiber Real Estate Investments, L.P., a Manager
  	 	  	By: 	  	Schreiber Investments, LLC, as general partner
  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ Charles J. Schreiber, Jr.
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., Manager
 
28