 EX-10.80 3 ex10-80.htm EXHIBIT 10.80 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ASA
Exhibit 10.80
 
EXECUTION COPY


CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.  THE SYMBOL “[***]” HAS BEEN INSERTED IN PLACE OF 
THE PORTIONS SO OMITTED.


SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
AIRLINE SERVICES AGREEMENT
 
by and among
 
PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP.,
 
PINNACLE AIRLINES, INC.
 
MESABA AVIATION, INC.
 
and
 
DELTA AIR LINES, INC.
 

 
US 422293v.8
Dated as of July 1, 2010
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A                                Contracted Service Cities
Exhibit B                                Delta Service Cities
Exhibit C                                Pinnacle Service Cities
Exhibit D                                Cancellation Codes
Exhibit E                                Operational Metrics – Goal 
Establishment
Exhibit F                                Pass Travel Privileges
Exhibit G                                Hub City Facility Charges
Exhibit H                                CRJ Fuel Burn (Penalty) Formulas
Exhibit I                                Parity Pay Agreement
Exhibit J                                Predicted Employee Bonuses and 
Incentives

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
AIRLINE SERVICES AGREEMENT
 
THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AIRLINE SERVICES AGREEMENT (together with 
all exhibits, schedules and attachments hereto, the “Agreement”) is entered 
into as of this 1st day of July, 2010 (the “Effective Date”), by and among 
PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP., a Delaware corporation (“Pinnacle Corp.”), 
PINNACLE AIRLINES, INC., a Georgia corporation and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Pinnacle Corp. (“Pinnacle”), MESABA AVIATION, INC., a 
Minnesota corporation and, upon the closing of the transactions 
contemplated under the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Pinnacle Corp. and an Affiliate of Pinnacle (“
Mesaba”), and DELTA AIR LINES, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Delta” and 
each of Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle, Mesaba and Delta, a “Party” and, 
collectively, the “Parties”).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, Pinnacle and Delta, as successor by merger to Northwest Airlines, 
Inc. (“Northwest”), are parties to an Airline Services Agreement dated as 
of January 14, 2003, as amended by Amendments No. 1 through No. 5 
(collectively, the “2003 ASA”), which agreement was amended and restated 
pursuant to an Amended and Restated Airline Services Agreement dated as of 
December 15, 2006 and made effective as of January 1, 2007, as amended by 
Amendments No. 1 through No. 4 (collectively, the “2007 Restatement”);
 
WHEREAS, Delta and Pinnacle Corp. have entered into that certain Stock 
Purchase Agreement of even date herewith (as may be amended, supplemented 
or modified from time to time, the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which 
Delta will sell and transfer to Pinnacle Corp. and Pinnacle Corp. will 
purchase and acquire from Delta all of the outstanding shares of capital 
stock of Mesaba on the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement contemporaneously 
with the execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement and consummation 
of the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 

 
DEFINITIONS
 
      Section 1.01 Definitions.  For all purposes of this Agreement, except
      as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise
      requires:
 
    (1)           the terms as defined in this Article have the meanings
    assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the
    singular;
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (2)           all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have
    the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted
    accounting principles; and
 
    (3)           the words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder” and other
    words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
    any particular Article, or other subdivision.
 
“2007 CRJ-900 Delta Connection Agreement” means that certain Delta 
Connection Agreement dated as of April 27, 2007 by and among Delta, 
Pinnacle and Pinnacle Corp., as such agreement may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time.
 
“2010 CRJ-900 Delta Connection Agreement”: means that certain Delta 
Connection Agreement dated of even date herewith by and among Delta, 
Pinnacle, Pinnacle Corp., and Mesaba, as such agreement may be amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
“Accident” means ***
 
“ACARS” means the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System 
which provides communications between the Aircraft and Pinnacle with 
respect to operational matters.
 
“ACD Rate” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.04.
 
“Affiliate” means, as applied to a Person, any other Person directly or 
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that 
Person.  For purposes of this definition “control” (including, with 
correlative meanings, the terms “controlling”, “controlled by” and “under 
common control with”), as applied to any Person, means the possession, 
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of 
the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ownership 
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
 
“Air Cargo” means air freight, United States mail and small package 
services appropriate for the Aircraft.
 
“Air Cargo Handling Services” means the Air Cargo handling services to be 
performed pursuant to Section 4.09.
 
“Aircraft” means, (i) the one hundred twenty-four (124) CRJ-200 Canadair 
Regional Jet aircraft in Pinnacle’s fleet as of the Effective Date, (ii) 
from and after the Effective Date, the seventeen (17) CRJ-200 Canadair 
Regional Jet aircraft in Mesaba’s fleet as of such date, (iii) up to one 
hundred sixty-three (163) additional CRJ-200 Canadair Regional Jet aircraft 
when, as and if such aircraft are added to Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to the 
second sentence of Section 3.02(a)(i), and (iv) subject to Section 3.11, 
the Extra Aircraft.  Any Aircraft removed from the fleet of Pinnacle will 
cease to be “Aircraft” hereunder upon the date of such removal.
 
“Aircraft Rental Expense” means the Basic Rent charged in the Leases 
between Delta and Pinnacle and Delta and Mesaba, which shall be *** per 
Aircraft per month for the CRJ-200 Canadair Regional Jet Aircraft.
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Airline Assets” means those assets used, as of the date of determination, 
in the relevant Person’s operation as an air carrier.
 
“Annual Operating Plan” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 2.12.
 
“Available CRJ Day” or “ACD” means, subject to Section 3.11 with respect to 
the Extra Aircraft, a CRJ-200 Aircraft each day after such Aircraft has 
been placed in service by Pinnacle or Mesaba, as applicable, and remains in 
service for Delta (including, except as provided in Section 3.11, 
non-scheduled Aircraft).  A CRJ aircraft placed in service by Pinnacle on 
January 1st would have 31 Available CRJ Days in January.
 
“Available CRJ Days Report” means the report of Available CRJ Days to be 
prepared by Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.02(a).
 
“Baggage Handling Services” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.08.
 
 “Basic Rent” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Leases.
 
“Beneficial Ownership” has the meaning given such term as defined as of the 
date hereof in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.
 
“Block Hour” means the period of time (in minutes) beginning when an 
Aircraft first moves from the ramp blocks in connection with a Scheduled 
Flight, a Non-Scheduled Flight or a Charter Flight and ending when the 
Aircraft next comes to a stop at the ramp at any station or other point of 
termination as recorded by ACARS or another mutually agreed system, divided 
by sixty (60).
 
“Block Hour Payment” means the payment for Block Hours to be made pursuant 
to Section 5.02(b).
 
“Block Hour Rate” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
5.03.
 
“Block Hour Report” means the report to be prepared by Pinnacle pursuant to 
Section 5.02(a).
 
“Bombardier Agreement” means the Aircraft Heavy Maintenance Service 
Agreement between Bombardier Services Corporation and Delta (as successor 
by merger to Northwest) dated February 1, 2002, as amended or extended by 
Delta; provided, however, any material expansion of the scope of services 
to be performed under the Bombardier Agreement shall be subject to the 
reasonable approval of Pinnacle.
 
“Bridging Costs” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
3.11(iii).
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Capital Stock” of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights 
to purchase, options, warrants, participation or other equivalents of or 
interests in (however designated) the equity of such Person, including any 
preferred stock.
 
“Charter Flights” means revenue passenger flights using the Aircraft (other 
than Scheduled Flights); provided, however, that the operational 
arrangements and the compensation to be received by Pinnacle in respect of 
such Charter Flights are subject to the same procedures and remuneration as 
a Scheduled Flight hereunder, unless otherwise mutually agreed by Delta and 
Pinnacle.  To the extent that inflight catering (food and beverage) exceeds 
that normally provided for on a Scheduled Flight, the incremental cost and 
coordination of the catering will be the sole responsibility of Delta.
 
“Colgan” means Colgan Air, Inc., a Virginia corporation and wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Pinacle Corp.
 
“Comair” means Comair, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which as of the Effective 
Date, is an Affiliate of Delta.
 
 “COMAT” means company material, including but not limited to priority 
aircraft maintenance parts.
 
“Contracted Service Cities” means (i) as of the Effective Date, the Service 
Cities listed on Exhibit A attached hereto, and (ii) from time to time 
after the Effective Date, those Service Cities and which are so designated 
as a Contracted Service City pursuant to Section 4.02(a) at which a third 
party performs substantially all Ground Handling Functions, excluding Hub 
Cities, provided that a Contracted Service City shall, in any event, 
include without limitation those Service Cities where a third party 
performs below wing services.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, any subsidiaries or affiliates of Delta and Pinnacle, to 
the extent Pinnacle performs such services pursuant to a separate agreement 
with Delta, shall be considered “third parties” for purposes of this 
definition.
 
“CPPI” means the percent increase, if any, in the PPI for finished goods 
published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, which increase occurred during the immediately preceding 
calendar year, defined as (PPI at end of prior calendar year/PPI at end of 
two years prior) – 1, but in no event in excess of five percent (5%) and in 
no event less than zero.  For example, when calculating the block hour rate 
for 2007 in Section 5.10(b), CPPI is calculated as follows:  (December 2006 
PPI / December 2005 PPI) – 1.
 
“CPPIB” means the percent increase, if any, in the PPI for finished goods 
published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, defined as (PPI at end of prior calendar year/PPI at end of 
2002)-1, but in no event will the compound annual growth rate be in excess 
of five percent (5%) or less than zero.  For example, when calculating the 
block hour rate for 2005 in Section 5.03(a), CPPIB is calculated as 
follows:  (December 2004 PPI / December 2002 PPI) – 1.
 
“CRJ Deliveries Report” means the report of deliveries of CRJ Aircraft to 
Pinnacle to be prepared by Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.02(a).
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Cycle” means an actual takeoff at an origin city and landing at a 
destination city of an Aircraft in connection with a Scheduled Flight, a 
Non-Scheduled Flight or a Charter Flight.
 
“Cycle Payment” means the payment for Cycles to be made pursuant to 
Section 5.02(b).
 
“Cycle Rate” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.03.
 
“Cycle Report” means the report to be prepared by Pinnacle pursuant to 
Section 5.02(a).
 
“Data Communication Equipment” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term 
in Section 4.04.
 
“Default” means the occurrence of an event set forth in Section 10.02 or 
Section 10.03, and the expiration of any cure period provided therein 
without cure or other remedial action having occurred, permitting 
termination of this Agreement.
 
“Delta Connection Carrier” means an airline operating regional jet and/or 
turboprop air transportation services as a Delta Connection Carrier 
pursuant to an airline services agreement or Delta connection carrier 
agreement between such airline and Delta.
 
“Delta Connection Safety Standards” shall have the meaning ascribed to such 
term in Section 2.09.
 
“Delta Schedule Period” means the planned duration of various time periods 
for which Delta’s flight schedule is for sale in computer reservation 
systems.
 
“Delta Service Cities” means (i) as of the Effective Date, the Service 
Cities listed on Exhibit B attached hereto, and (ii) from time to time 
after the Effective Date, those Service Cities which are so designated as 
Delta Service Cities pursuant to Section 4.02(a), at which Delta employees 
perform substantially all Ground Handling Functions and Delta provides 
required facilities.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, employees of subsidiaries or affiliates of Delta shall not be 
considered Delta employees for purposes of this definition.
 
“Delta Tickets” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.07(a).
 
“Designator” means “DL” or such other designator code selected by Delta 
from time to time in its sole discretion to identify Delta’s own flights.
 
“Direct Costs” means Delta’s, Pinnacle’s, Mesaba’s or Pinnacle Corp.’s 
(with respect to costs appropriately allocated to the operation of Regional 
Airline Services hereunder), as applicable, actual cost for goods and 
services associated with the provision of Regional Airline Services 
pursuant to this Agreement, without any surcharge for administrative or 
general overhead expenses.
 

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“DL Identification” means any Identification specifically selected by Delta 
from time to time in its sole discretion for use by Pinnacle and/or Mesaba 
(as applicable) in connection with the Regional Airline Services (including 
without limitation “Delta Connection” or any similar name).
 
“DOT” means the United States Department of Transportation or any successor 
to its functions with respect to the regulation of air transportation.
 
“DOT Certification” means any and all certifications and approvals by the 
DOT, the FAA and other regulatory agencies required for Pinnacle and/or 
Mesaba (as applicable) to operate the Aircraft and to perform pursuant to 
the terms of this Agreement and all Governmental Regulations.
 
“Effective Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
preamble of this Agreement.
 
“Equipment” means the Aircraft, Spare Engines and QECs.
 
“Equipment Rental Expense” means the Aircraft Rental Expense, the Spare 
Engine Rental Expense and the QEC Rental Expense.
 
“Extra Aircraft” means (i) those two (2) CRJ-200 aircraft leased by 
Pinnacle under those certain Leases dated as of August 7, 2009 between 
Comair and Pinnacle and (ii) those two (2) CRJ-200 aircraft leased by 
Mesaba under those certain Leases dated as of March 24, 2009 between Comair 
and Mesaba, in each case for so long as such aircraft remain in Pinnacle’s 
or Mesaba’s fleets (as applicable) pursuant to Section 3.11 or otherwise.
 
“FAA” means the Federal Aviation Administration or any successor 
organization.
 
“Facility Leases” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.03(g).
 
“FBO” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.05(b).
 
“Fixed Cost Payment” means the payment for fixed costs to be made pursuant 
to Section 5.02(b).
 
“Fleet Value” means the total value of the Aircraft in Pinnacle’s fleet and 
Mesaba’s fleet used in calculating the premium for Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s 
hull insurance (including war risk).
 
“Fuel Burn Penalty Payment” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 5.05(e).
 
“Fuel Price” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
5.05(b).
 

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting practice and principles at the 
time prevailing in the United States for companies engaged in businesses 
similar to that of Pinnacle and/or Mesaba (as applicable), consistently 
applied.
 
“Governmental Regulations” means the rules and regulations prescribed by an 
airport authority at a Service City or by any local, state or federal unit 
of government having authority and jurisdiction to regulate the business 
and affairs of an air carrier having DOT Certification, including without 
limitation, the DOT and the FAA.
 
“Ground Handling Functions” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.02.
 
“Holding Company” means, as applied to a Person, any other Person of whom 
such person is, directly or indirectly, a Subsidiary.
 
“Hub Cities” means Memphis, Tennessee (“MEM”), Minneapolis/St. Paul, 
Minnesota (“MSP”) and Detroit, Michigan (“DTW”).
 
“Hub Locations” means each of Atlanta (ATL), Cincinnati (CVG), Detroit 
(DTW), Los Angeles (LAX), New York-John F. Kennedy (JFK), New 
York-LaGuardia (LGA), Memphis (MEM), Minneapolis (MSP) and Salt Lake City 
(SLC) and any other airport which has an average fifty (50) or more 
departures per day that are operated by Delta or one or more Delta 
Connection Carriers under the Designator.  If any Hub Location has an 
average of fewer than fifty (50) departures per day that are operated by 
Delta or one or more Delta Connection Carrier under the Designator, such 
Hub Location shall not be considered a Hub Location for purposes of this 
Agreement until such Hub Location returns to having an average fifty (50) 
or more departures per day that are operated by Delta or one or more Delta 
Connection Carrier under the Designator.
 
“Identification” means a trade name, trademark, service mark, graphic, 
logo, distinctive color scheme or other trade dress, domain name and/or 
other identification or indication of source or origin.
 
“Initial Effective Date” means the date specified in Section 10.01 of this 
Agreement.
 
“IOP Payment” means the payment for IOP Program Incidents to be made 
pursuant to Section 5.02(b).
 
“IOP Program Incident” shall mean Delta’s request that Pinnacle cancel one 
or more Scheduled Flights as a result of Delta’s initiation of its 
Irregular Operating Procedures Program.
 

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Lease” means (i) the leases, subleases and/or sub-subleases entered into 
or to be entered into pursuant to Section 3.03 in respect of the CRJ-200 
Aircraft, (ii) the leases, subleases and/or sub-subleases entered into or 
to be entered into pursuant to Section 3.03 in respect of Spare Engines, 
and (iii) the leases, subleases and/or sub-subleases entered into between 
Comair and Pinnacle and between Comair and Mesaba in respect of the Extra 
Aircraft, in each case as amended from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions thereof.
 
 “Maintenance Facilities” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.03(c).
 
“Maintenance Program” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Leases.
 
“Major Carrier” means an air carrier (other than Pinnacle and Mesaba and 
their respective successors and Subsidiaries and Delta and its successors 
and Subsidiaries), the annual passenger revenues of which (including its 
Subsidiaries’ predecessor entities) for the most recently completed fiscal 
year for which audited financial statements are available are in excess of 
the Revenue Threshold as of the date of determination (or the U.S. dollar 
equivalent thereof).
 
“Major Maintenance Event” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 3.11(viii).
 
“Margin” means the operating margin determined in accordance with Section 
5.12.
 
“Margin Adjustment Payment” means the payment to be made pursuant to 
Section 5.12.
 
“Margin Payment” means the payment to be made pursuant to Section 5.08.
 
“Mesaba Extra Aircraft” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 3.11.
 
 “Non-Scheduled Flights” means all flights using the Aircraft which are not 
Scheduled Flights or Charter Flights.
 
“Operator Non-Cancelled Flight” shall have the meaning ascribed to such 
term in  Section 2.11(a).
 
“Option Term” means (i) a period of six (6) months following the date of 
termination if this Agreement is terminated by Delta pursuant to Section 
10.02 or Section 10.03; or (ii) a period of thirty (30) days following the 
date of termination if this Agreement is terminated by Delta pursuant to 
Section 10.01.
 
“Performance Criteria” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 5.14(a).
 
“Performance Period” means ***.
 

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, 
joint stock company, limited liability company, unincorporated association, 
joint venture or other entity of whatever nature.
 
“Pinnacle Affected Company” means (a) Pinnacle and its successors, (b) 
Mesaba and its successors, (c) any Holding Company of Pinnacle or Mesaba or 
its successors, or (c) any Subsidiary of Pinnacle or Mesaba or its 
successors, that in each such case owns, directly or indirectly, all or 
substantially all of the Airline Assets of Pinnacle or Mesaba or their 
respective successors, such Holding Companies of Pinnacle, Mesaba and their 
respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
 
“Pinnacle Change of Control” means:
 
    (i)           the direct or indirect acquisition by any individual,
    entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of Beneficial
    Ownership of 25% or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a
    Pinnacle Affected Company; or
 
    (ii)           the direct or indirect acquisition by a Major Carrier,
    any of its Affiliates or any combination thereof of Beneficial
    Ownership of 10% or more of the Capital Stock or Voting Power of a
    Pinnacle Affected Company.
 
“Pinnacle Extra Aircraft” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 3.11.
 
 “Pinnacle Extra Aircraft Lease Termination Date” shall have the meaning 
ascribed to such term in Section 3.11(c).
 
“Pinnacle Identification” means any Identification selected by Pinnacle 
from time to time for use in connection with the business of Pinnacle, 
Mesaba and/or Pinnacle Corp.
 
“Pinnacle Service Cities” means (i) as of the Effective Date, the Service 
Cities listed on Exhibit C attached hereto, and (ii) from time to time 
after the Effective Date, those Service Cities and which are so designated 
as Pinnacle Service Cities pursuant to Section 4.02(a), at which Pinnacle 
employees or Mesaba employees perform substantially all Ground Handling 
Functions, and Pinnacle and/or Mesaba provides required facilities.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Service 
City where Pinnacle or Mesaba performs such services pursuant to a separate 
agreement with Delta, shall not be considered a Pinnacle Service City.
 
“PPI” means Producer Price Index for finished goods published by the United 
States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, and, if no longer 
published, any comparable successor index selected by Delta.
 
“Promissory Note” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
5.02(b).
 

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“QEC Rental Expense” means the Basic Rent charged in the leases between 
Delta and Pinnacle, and between Delta and Mesaba, for the QECs, which shall 
be $10.00 per month.
 
“QECs” mean quick engine change kits.
 
“Regional Airline Services” means the provisioning by Pinnacle or Mesaba to 
Delta of Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights using the Aircraft in 
accordance with this Agreement.
 
“Related Party Agreement” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 10.03(h).
 
“Reimbursement Period Commencement Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to 
such term in Section 3.11(viii).
 
“Renewal Term” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
10.01.
 
“Revenue Passenger” means a revenue passenger flown on a Scheduled Flight 
or a Charter Flight.
 
“Revenue Threshold” means ***.
 
“SAAB Agreement” means that certain SAAB 340B+ Delta Connection Agreement 
of even date herewith by and among Delta, Pinnacle Corp and Mesaba, as such 
agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
“Scheduled Flights” means revenue passenger flights (other than Charter 
Flights) using the Aircraft which, regardless of frequency, are held out to 
the public and published in the customary and applicable schedule 
distribution systems, such as the Official Airline Guide, or published by 
Delta in its own system timetables.  In addition, Scheduled Flights shall 
include all regularly scheduled flights which are not revenue passenger 
flights as determined by Delta in its sole discretion.
 
“Section 5.05 Report” means the report of Section 5.05 expenses to be 
prepared by Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.02(a).
 
“Section 5.06 Report” means the report of Section 5.06 expenses to be 
prepared by Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.02(a).
 
“Service Cities” means those cities identified from time to time by Delta 
to which Pinnacle and/or Mesaba shall provide Regional Airline Services.
 
“Spare Engine Rental Expense” means the Basic Rent charged in the Leases 
between Delta and Pinnacle, and between Delta and Mesaba, for the Spare 
Engines.
 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Spare Engines” means (i) the nine (9) General Electric CF34-3B1 spare 
engines (including QECs where applicable in accordance with the respective 
Spare Engine Lease) in Pinnacle’s fleet as of the Effective Date, (ii) the 
one (1) CF34-3B1 spare engine in Mesaba’s fleet as of the Effective Date, 
and (iii) additional CF34-3B1 spare engines (including QECs where 
applicable in accordance with the respective Spare Engine Lease) when, as 
and if such spare engines are added to Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to 
Section 3.02.  Any Spare Engine removed from Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s fleet 
ceases to be a “Spare Engine” hereunder upon the date of such removal.
 
“Standard Aero Agreement” means the CF34-3B1 Engine Hourly Rate Program 
Repair and Services Agreement between Delta (as successor by merger to 
Northwest) and Standard Aero, Ltd. dated as of September 1, 2007, as 
amended or extended by Northwest or Delta, provided that any material 
expansion of the scope of services to be performed under the Standard Aero 
Agreement shall be subject to the reasonable approval of Pinnacle except 
for an expansion of such agreement to include the Aircraft in Mesaba’s 
fleet as of the Effective Date.
 
“Subsidiary” of any Person means any corporation, association, partnership, 
joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which 
more than 40% of the total Voting Power thereof or the Capital Stock 
thereof is at the time Beneficially Owned or controlled, directly or 
indirectly by (1) such Person, (2) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries 
of such Person, or (3) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.
 
“Support Agreements” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 3.08.
 
“Term” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 10.01.
 
“Termination Date” means the date on which this Agreement terminates 
pursuant to Article X.
 
“Ticket Taxes and Fees” means any taxes pursuant to Sections 4261 or 4271 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or succeeded, on any 
amounts paid by customers for transportation of persons or packages by air, 
and any passenger facility charges, airport improvement fees, security fees 
or charges, stamp taxes, excise taxes, value-added taxes (in the nature of 
a sales or use tax), gross receipts taxes (in the nature of a sales or use 
tax), U.S. APHIS user fees, U.S. Customs user fees, U.S. Immigration user 
fees, and any other taxes and/or user fees imposed by any domestic or 
foreign governmental entity, airport or taxing authority on a per-passenger 
basis on any amounts paid by customers for transportation of persons or 
packages by air.
 
“Ticketing Services” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.07.
 
“Total Operating Cost” means all expenses directly associated with the 
provision of Regional Airline Services under this Agreement, including but 
not limited to those generally recognized as overhead, determined in 
accordance with GAAP.  For the avoidance of doubt, Total Operating Cost 
does not include net interest expense and those items that are classified 
as extraordinary on the audited financial statements.
 

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Total Operating Income” means Total Operating Revenue minus Total 
Operating Cost.
 
“Total Operating Revenue” means the amounts received by Pinnacle from Delta 
pursuant to Section 5.02 or Section 5.14 (including penalties accounted for 
as a reduction to revenue) of this Agreement, plus any revenues Pinnacle 
receives as a result of performing ground handling services for airlines 
other than an Affiliate of Pinnacle (as and if approved by Delta), plus any 
payments Pinnacle receives from a governmental entity intended to reimburse 
Pinnacle for lost revenue, an inability to cover incurred operating 
expenses, or as a reimbursement or offset to incurred expenses.
 
“Traffic Referral” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.07(e).
 
“Traffic Manifest” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.09(a).
 
“Voting Power” means, as of the date of determination, the voting power in 
the general election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable.
 
“2003 ASA” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble of 
this Agreement.
 
“2007 Restatement” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
preamble of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE II
 

 
PROVISION OF REGIONAL AIRLINE SERVICES
 
      Section 2.01 Operation of Scheduled Flights.
 
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Pinnacle 
and Mesaba shall use the Aircraft in such carrier’s fleet as of the 
Effective Date to operate Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights as shall be 
designated by Delta from time to time in Delta’s sole discretion.  All 
schedules and aircraft routing for such Scheduled Flights and all 
utilization of the Aircraft shall be determined by Delta from time to time, 
in its sole discretion, subject to the reasonable operating constraints of 
Pinnacle and/or Mesaba (as applicable) taking into consideration reasonable 
maintenance, crew scheduling, crew training and Aircraft rotation 
requirements.  Scheduled block times shall be set in accordance with 
Delta’s standards unless otherwise mutually agreed by Delta and Pinnacle.  
Minimum turn times shall be mutually agreed to by Pinnacle and Delta and 
set in conformity with standard industry practices and Aircraft type.
 

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Term and subject to receipt 
of the prior written consent of Delta, which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed, Mesaba may assign from time to time all of its rights 
and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the operation of one 
(1) or more of the Aircraft and Equipment related to such Aircraft in its 
fleet as of the Effective Date to Pinnacle, provided that (i) any such 
assignment does not (w) negatively impact Pinnacle’s ability to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement, (x) negatively impact Mesaba’s ability to 
perform its remaining obligations under this Agreement or any other 
agreement between Mesaba and Delta, (y) create an undue burden on Delta or 
(z) interfere with Delta's performance requirements or schedule of 
Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights;  (ii) Pinnacle is an Affiliate of 
Mesaba and Pinnacle Corp. at the time of any such assignment; (iii) 
Pinnacle assumes all of the rights and obligations of Mesaba hereunder with 
respect to the operation of such Aircraft and related Equipment, (iv) any 
such assignment does not cause Mesaba (so long as it remains a Party 
hereto) to operate fewer than five (5)Aircraft and (v) Pinnacle shall 
reimburse Delta for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
incurred by Delta in connection with any such assignment, including without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees to prepare any and all documents 
required in connection with the movement of the aircraft to Pinnacle’s 
operating certificate and the costs for filing all required documents with 
the FAA.  Upon the assignment by Mesaba to Pinnacle of all of its rights 
and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the operation of all 
Aircraft and Equipment related to such Aircraft in Mesaba’s fleet as of the 
Effective Date in accordance with this Section 2.01(b) (the “Final Aircraft 
Assignment Date”) without any further action by any Party, Mesaba shall 
automatically be terminated as a Party to this Agreement and shall have no 
further rights or obligations under this Agreement, provided that any such 
termination shall not relieve Mesaba from liability for any breach of this 
Agreement arising prior to the Final Aircraft Assignment Date.  References 
to Mesaba herein shall thereafter be deemed to be references to Pinnacle.  
Notwithstanding the automatic release of Mesaba as provided above, if 
Pinnacle so requests, Delta shall promptly execute one or more documents 
evidencing such termination, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory 
to Delta.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Mesaba does not assign its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement to Pinnacle as provided by this 
Section 2.01(b) within two (2) years following the Effective Date, Delta 
agrees, at Pinnacle’s option and within sixty (60) days after the two (2) 
year anniversary of the Effective Date, to enter into a separate agreement 
to govern the operation of all Aircraft and Equipment related to such 
Aircraft remaining in Mesaba’s fleet at such time upon the same terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement and to terminate Mesaba as a Party 
to this Agreement automatically upon the execution of such agreement.
 

 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 2.02 Use of Designator, DL Identification and Related Matters
      .  Subject to the applicable provisions of Article VII below, each of
      Pinnacle and Mesaba (as applicable) shall operate the Scheduled
      Flights and Charter Flights provided under this Agreement using the
      Designator.  The Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights shall be
      identified by Pinnacle and Mesaba solely with flight numbers assigned
      by Delta.  Subject to the applicable provisions of Article VII 
      below, each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall use only the DL
      Identification for the Aircraft (except as otherwise required by
      Governmental Regulations), and for all facilities (including
      Maintenance Facilities), signage, equipment, uniforms and
      advertising, promotional and business materials in any form or media
      that are used in connection with the Regional Airline Services; 
      provided, however, all Pinnacle and Mesaba uniforms (including the
      use of the DL Identification thereon) shall be determined by Delta, 
      provided that such uniforms shall at all times be consistent with
      Delta’s existing uniform standards.  Neither Pinnacle nor Mesaba
      shall use the Pinnacle Identification for the Aircraft (except as
      required by Governmental Regulation), facilities (including
      Maintenance Facilities), signage, equipment, uniforms or advertising,
      promotional or business materials in any form or media that are used
      in connection with the Regional Airline Services; provided, however,
      nothing in the foregoing prohibition shall preclude Pinnacle or
      Mesaba from using the Pinnacle Identification for general corporate
      purposes, investor relations, on crew wings and employee service
      pins, and for purposes that are not covered by the foregoing
      prohibition and do not involve interaction with customers or
      passengers.
 
      Section 2.03 Use of Other Designators.  Nether Pinnacle nor Mesaba
      shall use on the Aircraft the airline designator, Identification, or
      any other identifying feature of a foreign or United States airline
      other than Delta, without the express prior written consent of Delta,
      or unless Delta directs Pinnacle to use such other designator,
      Identification, or identifying feature.
 
      Section 2.04 Personnel and Dispatch Control.  Each of Pinnacle and
      Mesaba shall be responsible for providing all crews (flight and
      cabin) to operate the Scheduled Flights and any Charter Flights and
      for all aspects (personnel and other) of dispatch control, including
      but not limited to load control.
 
      Section 2.05 Inventory Management.  Delta shall have complete control
      over all inventory management functions for all Scheduled Flights and
      Charter Flights operated pursuant to this Agreement, including,
      without limitation, overbooking levels, discount seat levels, and
      allocation of seats among the various fare buckets.   In performing
      Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s inventory management, Delta shall conform in
      all material respects to its own procedures and standards, taking
      into account the type of Aircraft operated by Pinnacle or Mesaba.
 
      Section 2.06 Passenger Fares.  Delta shall be the sole authority for
      filing tariffs for Scheduled Flights operated pursuant to this
      Agreement, and Delta shall establish all passenger fares for
      Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights operated pursuant to this
      Agreement.  All charges for filing of fares or tariffs for Scheduled
      Flights operated pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid by Delta.
 

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 2.07 DOT Certification.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba has and
      shall maintain DOT Certification and all other permits, licenses,
      certificates and insurance required by governmental authorities and 
      Article IX hereof to enable such Party to perform the services
      required by this Agreement.
 
      Section 2.08 Compliance With Governmental Regulations.  All flight
      operations, dispatch operations and flights and all other operations
      undertaken by Pinnacle or Mesaba pursuant to this Agreement shall be
      conducted and operated by Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) in
      strict compliance with all Governmental Regulations, including,
      without limitation, those relating to airport security, the use and
      transportation of hazardous materials, flight crew and mechanic
      qualifications and licensing requirements, crew training and hours. 
      All Equipment shall be operated and maintained by Pinnacle and/or
      Mesaba in strict compliance with all Governmental Regulations, each
      of Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s own operations manuals and maintenance
      manuals and procedures, and all applicable equipment manufacturer’s
      instructions.  At all times, each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall
      operate with the highest standards of care.
 
      Section 2.09 Safety Standards.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall
      actively participate in and comply with the Delta Connection Safety
      Alliance and at all times during the Term (i) comply with Delta’s
      safety standards for Regional Airline Services including, without
      limitation, as set forth in the Delta Connection Carriers
      Non-Regulatory Safety Program Standards document and the Delta
      Connection Ground Operations Manual, provided, with respect to any
      changes Delta may make to such safety standards after the Effective
      Date, Delta shall, at its discretion, do one of the following: (x)
      pay directly for the incremental Direct Costs incurred by Pinnacle or
      Mesaba attributable to such change; (y) treat the incremental Direct
      Costs incurred by Pinnacle or Mesaba attributable to such change as a
      Direct Cost reimburseable by Delta pursuant to Section  5.06 or (z)
      adjust the ACD Rate to reflect the incremental increase or decrease
      to the Direct Costs incurred by Pinnacle or Mesaba attributable to
      such change (ii) within a reasonable period of time after the
      Effective Date, comply with and maintain all IATA Operational Safety
      Audit requirements and certification, Cockpit Aviation Safety Action
      Program (subject to consent of such Party’s union representation and
      the FAA), Flight Operations Quality Assurance (subject to consent of
      such Party’s union representation and the FAA) and all other safety
      initiatives applicable to the regional jet service industry, and
      (iii) each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be required to successfully
      complete a Department of Defense audit under a regular bi-annual
      inspection program. (collectively, as amended from time to time, the
      “Delta Connection Safety Standards”).
 

 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 2.10  Quality of Service.  Delta policies, procedures,
      performance standards (including but not limited to Delta’s
      “Customers First” customer service plan) and means of measurement
      thereof concerning the provision of air passenger and air cargo
      services shall be applicable to all services provided by Pinnacle
      and/or Mesaba under this Agreement.  Pinnacle and Mesaba, taken
      together as a whole, shall achieve at least the same quality of
      airline service provided by Delta, subject to limitations imposed by
      the type of Aircraft used by Pinnacle and Mesaba (as applicable), its
      route network, the availability of equipment and facilities at the
      Service Cities and the performance by Delta of its obligations under
      this Agreement.  Pinnacle and Mesaba, taken together as a whole,
      shall maintain adequate staffing levels to ensure at least the same
      level of customer service and operational efficiency that Delta
      achieves; each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall cooperate with Delta in
      any way necessary or desirable to provide such comparable level of
      customer service in connection with the operation of Regional Airline
      Services; and each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall maintain new hire and
      recurrent training programs for all job descriptions which are
      reasonably acceptable to Delta.
 
      Section 2.11 Service Standards.  Without limiting Section 2.09 and 
      2.10, Pinnacle shall achieve the following specific performance
      standards (subject to Section 5.15(b)(iii) and (iv) below), which
      performance standards (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
      this Section 2.11) shall be measured on an aggregated basis including
      both Pinnacle and Mesaba-operated Scheduled Flights and covering both
      Pinnacle and Mesaba operations with respect to Regional Airline
      Services provided hereunder:
 
(a) Minimum Completion Factor.  Pinnacle shall achieve not less than a *** 
completion factor for all Scheduled Flights which are scheduled to be 
operated by Pinnacle or Mesaba during each Performance Period. Scheduled 
Flights which are cancelled at Delta’s request (as determined by Delta’s 
Operations Control Center (“OCC”)) will not be included in calculating 
Pinnacle’s completion factor (i.e., Cancellation Codes 19G and 19H set 
forth on Exhibit D attached hereto), and station overflys due to no 
passenger load will not be considered a cancellation (i.e., Cancellation 
Code 19K set forth on Exhibit D).
 
(b) Minimum On-Time Reliability.  Pinnacle shall achieve an on-time arrival 
within zero minutes factor (A0) and an on-time departure within zero 
minutes factor (D0) not less than the thresholds calculated in the Minimum 
On-Time section of Exhibit E attached hereto for all Scheduled Flights 
which are scheduled to be operated by Pinnacle or Mesaba during each 
Performance Period.  Scheduled Flights which are delayed at Delta’s request 
will not be included in calculating Pinnacle’s on-time arrival and on-time 
departure factors.
 
(c) Minimum Customer Experience Factor.  Pinnacle shall score not less than 
a *** score in the Delta Customer Satisfaction survey during any calendar 
quarter during the Term.  The ISM score will be calculated by Delta taking 
a simple average of the survey results for the Scheduled Flights operated 
by Pinnacle or Mesaba during the applicable Performance Period in each of 
the following categories:
 
    (i) On-board timely and accurate information
 

 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (ii) Flight attendant helpful and courteous
 
    (iii) Flight attendant availability
 
    (iv) Flight attendant professional appearance
 
    (v) Clean lavatory
 
    (vi) Clean cabin
 
    (vii) Condition of Aircraft interior and cabin appearance]
 
(d) Vendor Performance.  In the event for any ***, the Delta-selected 
vendor of Ground Handling Functions at DTW, MSP, LGA or JFK does not meet 
station D0 performance goals as established by Delta or a Delta-designated 
entity for such period, then the ground service equipment delays coded 04A 
and 04B and airport ground services delays coded 11A-Z (the “Station Coded 
Delays”) at the applicable airport will be removed from Pinnacle’s D0 
performance for the applicable Performance Period for purposes of 
calculating Pinnacle’s on-time departure performance pursuant to Section 
2.11(b) or Section 5.14 hereof.  If there are no station D0 performance 
goals established for the ground handler at DTW, MSP, LGA or JFK for any 
portion of a Performance Period, then the Station Coded Delays at such 
airport during such portion of a Performance Period will be removed from 
Pinnacle’s D0 performance for purposes of calculating Pinnacle’s on-time 
departure performance pursuant to Section 2.11(b) or Section 5.14 hereof.  
If Pinnacle or Mesaba is the ground handler in DTW, MSP, LGA or JFK, the 
Station Coded Delays will not be removed for purposes of this Agreement.
 
(e) Adjustments to Performance Standards.  The Parties recognize and agree 
that the performance standards set forth on Schedule 2.11 may be modified 
or adjusted by mutual agreement of the Parties hereto from time to time 
during the Term of this Agreement.
 

 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 2.12 Service Recovery.
 
(a) Passenger Amenities.  Pinnacle agrees to provide passenger amenities, 
including, without limitation, denied boarding compensation, which Delta 
provides under Rule 245 of the Domestic General Rules No. 1 issued by 
Airline Tariff Publishing Co. and ATA Resolution No. 120.20 or pursuant to 
any similar contractual arrangement now existing or hereafter in effect or 
applicable to Delta.  In any Pinnacle Service City, Contracted Service City 
where Pinnacle or Mesaba directly contracts with a ground handler to 
provide Ground Handling Functions or Hub City, Pinnacle agrees (i) to 
handle oversold Scheduled Flights and the payment of denied boarding 
compensation in accordance with Delta’s standard policies and procedures, 
and (ii) to pay the full cost of providing passenger amenities (either 
directly to the affected passengers or to Delta as reimbursement for the 
amounts paid by Delta to such passengers) with the exception of denied 
boarding compensation resulting from inventory oversales or other actions 
of Delta..  In any Pinnacle Service City, Contracted Service City or Hub 
City, for denied boarding compensation resulting from inventory oversales 
or the actions of Delta, Pinnacle will pay the appropriate amount of denied 
boarding compensation to the affected passengers and will invoice Delta for 
such amount pursuant to Section 5.07 below.  Any such invoice will include 
sufficient detail and supporting documentation to allow Delta to verify the 
invoiced amount.  In Delta Service Cities or Contracted Service Cities 
where Delta has directly contracted with the ground handler to provide 
Ground Handling Functions, Delta will provide all passenger amenities, 
including but not limited to baggage delivery, at its sole cost.
 
(b) Destination by other Means.  If Pinnacle or Mesaba transports a revenue 
passenger to his or her destination by another means (bus, train, taxi, 
etc.) due to a flight cancellation, Delta shall reimburse Pinnacle for the 
actual transportation costs incurred to transport the passenger by such 
other means; provided, however, that if the flight cancellation is 
necessitated by acts of Pinnacle or Mesaba (e.g., crew curfews, 
maintenance-related delays, etc.), Pinnacle will pay the costs incurred to 
transport the passenger by such other means.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba 
shall use its best efforts to minimize the transportation of passengers by 
other means and the costs associated therewith.
 

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 2.13 Annual Operating Plan.  At least ninety (90) days prior
      to January 1 of each year during the Term, Pinnacle and Delta shall
      confer and prepare an operating plan for the succeeding calendar
      year, which plan shall include (i) Delta’s forecast with respect to
      the schedule and routing for all Scheduled Flights for such year,
      (ii) Delta’s forecast of the Service Cities to which Pinnacle and/or
      Mesaba shall operate Regional Airline Services, (iii) Delta’s
      forecast of specific dates for the commencement of service to new
      Service Cities, if any, (iv) Delta’s forecast of the number of
      Aircraft to be added to or removed from Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s fleet
      (subject to Section 3.02), and (v) such other matters as Delta and
      Pinnacle shall determine (as amended in accordance with this Section
      2.12, the “Annual Operating Plan”).  Delta and Pinnacle shall meet
      and confer on a quarterly basis (or more frequently if requested by
      either Delta or Pinnacle) to review the implementation of the Annual
      Operating Plan and to discuss any changes to the Annual Operating
      Plan.  In the event Delta elects to alter the Annual Operating Plan
      during the course of a year, Delta shall use its reasonable best
      efforts to provide at least sixty (60) days prior notice to Pinnacle.
       Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 2.12, Delta
      shall promptly notify Pinnacle of any determination by Delta to
      increase or decrease Pinnacle’s fleet size, and, except as provided
      in Section 3.02(a)(ii) and Section 3.02(a)(iii) below, Delta shall
      give Pinnacle no less than ninety (90) days prior notice.  Delta
      agrees that any substantial increases in Pinnacle’s fleet size
      pursuant to the preceding sentence are subject to Pinnacle’s
      reasonable operating constraints.
 
      Section 2.14 Inflight Food, Beverages and Supplies.  Unless otherwise
      mutually agreed, Pinnacle will provide Aircraft catering services,
      food and beverages for passengers and crews on Scheduled Flights in
      accordance with Delta’s specifications and directions and at
      Pinnacle’s sole cost.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be solely
      responsible for maintaining all licenses necessary for the serving of
      inflight food and beverages on Scheduled Flights.  Delta shall
      furnish Pinnacle, at Delta’s sole cost, adequate supplies of its
      customary inflight supplies including, but not limited to, the Delta
      inflight magazine, cups, napkins, pillows, blankets, trash bags, sick
      sacks, lavatory supplies, creamers, swizzle sticks and sugar in a
      form similar or identical to that used by Delta.  Notwithstanding
      anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Delta may, at its option,
      require Pinnacle upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to
      utilize Delta or a Delta-designated contract agent to provide
      catering services, food and beverages for passengers and crews on
      Scheduled Flights, provided that (i) the Block Hour Rates set forth
      in Section 5.03 below are adjusted as necessary to eliminate the
      costs of catering services, food and beverages that were included in
      establishing the Block Hour Rates, and the Direct Costs to Pinnacle
      of the new arrangement will be reimbursed pursuant to Section 5.06 
      below, and (ii) the service standards applicable to any such
      Delta-designated contract agent are either reasonably satisfactory to
      Pinnacle or no less stringent than the standards applicable to
      Delta’s own operations.
 
      Section 2.15 Exclusivity Arrangements.
 
(a) During the Term, except as otherwise directed or approved in writing by 
Delta, in Delta’s sole discretion, Pinnacle and Mesaba, in aggregate, shall 
not operate more than ***departures per day under either of their own 
flight designator codes into or out of any Hub Location.
 

 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) If, during the Term, Pinnacle or Mesaba operates a jet aircraft 
certificated in the United States with a Maximum Gross Take Off Weight 
greater than ***pounds and certificated for *** or fewer passenger seats 
but configured with *** or fewer passenger seats for itself or a carrier 
other than Delta or an Affiliate of Delta, then Pinnacle or Mesaba, as 
applicable, shall not operate any jet aircraft configured with between *** 
and *** passenger seats for itself or a carrier other than Delta or an 
Affiliate of Delta in any city pair that is served, on a non-stop basis by 
Delta or an Affiliate of Delta.
 
(c) Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Delta from entering into code 
share, alliance or other commercial cooperation arrangements with any other 
airline or entering into similar or other arrangements with other carriers 
for the provisioning of regional airline services using CRJ200 aircraft or 
any other aircraft to or from the Hub Locations, the Service Cities or 
elsewhere.
 
(d) Except as set forth in Section 2.14(a) and (b) above, nothing in this 
Agreement shall preclude Pinnacle or Mesaba from operating an aircraft for 
another carrier other than Delta or an Affiliate of Delta under the flight 
designator code of such other carrier into any Hub Location or preclude an 
Affiliate of Parent other than Pinnacle or Mesaba from operating any 
aircraft for itself or a carrier other than Delta or an Affiliate of Delta 
to or from the Hub Locations, the Service Cities or elsewhere.
 
      Section 2.16 Other Operations.  Pinnacle Corp. and/or an Affiliate of
      Pinnacle Corp. (including Pinnacle) may acquire aircraft and operate
      air transportation services in its own name or on behalf of or in
      cooperation with an airline other than Delta, subject to Section 2.15
      , Section 6.01(b) and Section 6.02(a).
 
ARTICLE III
 

 
EQUIPMENT
 
      Section 3.01 Use of the Equipment.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba
      agrees (a) that the Equipment shall be used only to provide and/or
      support the Regional Airline Services contemplated by this Agreement,
      and (b) that the Equipment shall not be used by Pinnacle or Mesaba
      for any other purpose without the prior written consent of Delta.
 
      Section 3.02 Fleet Size and Related Matters.
 
(a) Determination of Fleet Size.  As of the Effective Date, Pinnacle’s 
fleet operated pursuant to this Agreement consists of one hundred 
twenty-four (124) CRJ-200 Canadair Regional Jet aircraft, two (2) Extra 
Aircraft, and nine (9) Spare Engines.  As of the Effective Date, Mesaba’s 
fleet operated pursuant to this Agreement consists of seventeen (17) 
CRJ-200 Canadair Regional Jet aircraft and two (2) Extra Aircraft.  In 
addition, each of Pinnacle and Mesaba has been provided with the use of two 
(2) QECs (one left side with neutral and one right side with neutral) in 
connection with the provision of Regional Airline Services pursuant to this 
Agreement.
 

 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (i) Equipment Additions.  The Parties agree that Delta may, at its
    option and sole discretion, place up to an additional one hundred
    sixty-three (163) CRJ-200 Canadair Regional Jet Aircraft and
    twenty-four (24) Spare Engines in Pinnacle’s fleet.  On or before April
    1, 2011, Delta shall provide Pinnacle and Mesaba with the use of two
    (2) additional QECs (one left side with neutral and one right side with
    neutral), and in the event Delta fails to provide Pinnacle and Mesaba
    with the use of such QECs on or before such date, Delta shall reimburse
    Pinnacle for the actual costs Pinnacle or Mesaba incurs to procure such
    QECs utilizable by Pinnacle and Mesaba on such date, in an amount not
    to exceed Bombardier’s catalog price (at the time of each such
    procurement) for QECs of the same configuration, and Delta shall not
    hold Pinnacle or Mesaba responsible for any flight delays or
    cancellations associated with Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s inability to
    perform due to the unavailability of the aforementioned QECs at the
    April 1, 2011 date, it being specifically agreed that any such delays
    or cancellations will be excluded from all calculations under Section
    2.11 and Section 5.14.
 
    (ii) Equipment Removal Rights.  Delta and Pinnacle agree that Delta
    shall have the following equipment removal rights:
 
       (A) if Delta places CRJ-200 Aircraft in Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to
       the first sentence of Section 3.02(a)(i), Delta shall have the right
       upon at least ninety (90) days prior written notice to remove one or
       more such CRJ-200 Aircraft (and related Spare Engines) selected by
       Delta from Pinnacle’s fleet up to the number of Aircraft added by
       Delta pursuant to Section 3.02(a)(i).
 
       (B) from and after the date on which Pinnacle has entered into an
       agreement with one or more air carriers other than Delta with
       respect to the operation of at least twenty (20) additional regional
       jet aircraft in Pinnacle’s fleet, Delta may, at its option, elect to
       remove one (1) CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines selected
       by Delta from Pinnacle’s base fleet of one hundred twenty-four (124)
       CRJ-200 Aircraft (and related Spare Engines) for every two (2)
       regional jet aircraft operated for such other air carrier(s) which
       are added to Pinnacle’s fleet above the twenty (20) additional
       regional jet aircraft operated for such other air carrier(s); 
       provided, however, that (1) Delta shall provide Pinnacle with at
       least six (6) months prior written notice of exercise of Delta’s
       option to remove Equipment from Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to this
       provision, (2) Delta shall not remove more than twenty (20) CRJ-200
       Aircraft and related Spare Engines from Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to
       this provision, and in any twelve month period Delta shall not
       remove more than five (5) CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines
       from Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to this provision, (3) the CRJ-200
       Aircraft and related Spare Engines removed from Pinnacle’s fleet
       pursuant to this provision shall not be operated with the Designator
       and shall not be operated by a third party under any type of
       operating, codeshare or other arrangement with Delta, and (4) Delta
       shall receive the CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines removed
       from Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to this provision in “as is”
       condition, and, notwithstanding the terms of any of the applicable
       Leases to the contrary, Pinnacle shall not be required to meet the
       return conditions contained in the applicable Leases;
 

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (C) from and after the date on which additional aircraft are added
       to Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to this Agreement or any other
       agreement between Pinnacle and Delta (other than pursuant to Section
       2.01(b)) for a term extending at least until the Termination Date,
       which carry the Designator and are configured with seventy (70) or
       more seats (the “Replacement Aircraft”), Delta may, at its option,
       remove one CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines from
       Pinnacle’s base fleet of one hundred twenty-four (124) CRJ-200
       Aircraft (and related Spare Engines) for each Replacement Aircraft
       added to Pinnacle’s fleet; provided, however, that (1) Delta shall
       provide Pinnacle with at least six (6) months prior written notice
       of exercise of Delta’s option to remove Equipment from Pinnacle’s
       fleet pursuant to this provision, and (2) Delta shall receive the
       CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines removed from Pinnacle’s
       fleet pursuant to this provision in “as is” condition, and,
       notwithstanding the terms of any of the applicable Leases to the
       contrary, Pinnacle shall not be required to meet the return
       conditions contained in the applicable Leases;
 
       (D) in the event of a Pinnacle Change of Control, Delta may, at its
       option, remove CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines from
       Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to Section 5.15(b) below;
 
       (E) from and after December 31, 2017, Delta may, at its option,
       remove CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines from Pinnacle’s
       fleet upon the expiration of the applicable head leases;
 

 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (F) Delta shall have the right, from time to time, to remove one (1)
       Spare Engine selected by Delta from Pinnacle, in accordance with the
       terms and conditions of this sub-section; provided, however, that if
       the removal of any such Spare Engine from Pinnacle would adversely
       affect Pinnacle’s ability to satisfy maintenance and operational
       requirements for its fleet, taking into account Pinnacle's fleet
       size at the time such request is made, Pinnacle may deny such
       request to remove the Spare Engine.  After the removal of such Spare
       Engine from Pinnacle pursuant to the preceding sentence, if
       Pinnacle, due to its operational or maintenance requirements,
       reasonably determines that it requires the use of such Spare Engine
       that has been removed at Delta’s request, Pinnacle shall notify
       Delta of its determination and provide reasonable justification for
       such determination.  Upon receipt of such request, Delta shall
       either return the requested Spare Engine to Pinnacle within thirty
       (30) calendar days, or provide a matching Spare Engine to Pinnacle
       in like configuration to the Spare Engine previously removed from
       Pinnacle’s fleet within thirty (30) calendar days.  In the event
       Delta desires to exercise its rights hereunder, Delta will provide
       Pinnacle at least thirty (30) days notice, designating therein the
       Spare Engine to be removed.  Delta may designate the same or a
       different Spare Engine in the event it shall exercise its rights
       hereunder on more than one occasion.  Pinnacle shall re-deliver such
       Spare Engine to Delta in compliance with the applicable Return
       Conditions (as defined in the Lease for such Spare Engine (the “
       Spare Engine Lease”)), provided that such Spare Engine shall have a
       minimum of 1,000 cycles remaining until the next scheduled
       maintenance visit with Standard Aero and shall have all line
       replaceable units installed and in serviceable condition, as when
       the Spare Engine was originally delivered to Pinnacle.  The Spare
       Engine Lease will be terminated at the date of re-delivery
       hereunder.  As consideration for the foregoing, Delta shall pay to
       Pinnacle *** per month (prorated for any partial month) for the
       period from and including the termination date of the Spare Engine
       Lease and continuing until the earlier of (x) the Termination Date
       and (y) the date on which Delta returns such Spare Engine to
       Pinnacle and a new Spare Engine Lease is executed.  Subject to the
       preceding sentence, should Delta determine to return such Spare
       Engine to Pinnacle, Delta (i) shall give Pinnacle thirty (30) days’
       advance notice of each such return of a Spare Engine and (ii) shall
       return such Spare Engine to Pinnacle in compliance with the Return
       Conditions (as defined in the Spare Engine Lease), provided that
       such Spare Engine shall have a minimum of 1,000 cycles remaining
       until the next scheduled maintenance visit with Standard Aero and
       shall have all line replaceable units installed and be in
       serviceable condition, as when the Spare Engine was originally
       removed from Pinnacle’s fleet.  At the time of return of each Spare
       Engine in accordance with the terms hereof, the Parties shall enter
       into a new Spare Engine Lease with respect to such Spare Engine,
       identical as to terms with the original Spare Engine Lease,
       excepting only the effective date of such new Spare Engine Lease;
       and
 

 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (G) With respect to the additional QECs, the use of which Delta will
       provide to Pinnacle pursuant to the last sentence of Section
       3.02(a)(i), Delta may request the removal of up to two (2) such QECs
       (left side plus neutral/right side plus neutral) from Pinnacle upon
       30 days written notice to support other CRJ-200 fleet requirements,
       and Pinnacle shall not unreasonably delay its response or deny such
       request; provided, however, that if the removal of any such QECs
       from Pinnacle would adversely affect Pinnacle’s ability to satisfy
       maintenance and operational requirements for its fleet, taking into
       account Pinnacle's fleet size at the time such request is made, 
       Pinnacle may deny such request to remove and re-position the QECs. 
       After the removal of one or more QECs from Pinnacle pursuant to the
       preceding sentence, if Pinnacle, due to its operational or
       maintenance requirements, reasonably determines that it requires the
       use of any QECs that have been removed and re-positioned at Delta’s
       request, Pinnacle shall notify Delta of its determination and
       provide reasonable justification for such determination.  Upon
       receipt of such request, Delta shall either return the requested
       quantity of QECs to Pinnacle within thirty (30) calendar days, or
       provide a matching quantity of QECs to Pinnacle in like
       configuration to those previously removed from Pinnacle’s fleet
       within thirty (30) calendar days.  Delta agrees that the QECs it
       provides to Pinnacle to use shall be in serviceable condition at the
       time of such provision, and Pinnacle agrees that any QECs removed
       from its fleet by Delta shall be in serviceable condition at the
       time of such removal.  Delta agrees to pay for all costs associated
       with the transportation of QECs to and from Pinnacle.
 
       In the event any Equipment is removed from Pinnacle’s fleet,
       Pinnacle shall cooperate with Delta in good faith with respect to
       transition services, transfer of aircraft records and related
       ancillary arrangements.  For the avoidance of doubt, each of Delta’s
       Equipment removal rights pursuant to this Section 3.02(a)(ii) is
       independent of each other removal right, and the exercise of removal
       rights under one provision shall not reduce Delta’s removal rights
       under any other provision, except as it may effect Pinnacle’s
       determinations regarding the removal or need for replacement of QECs
       as set forth above.
 
    (iii) Additional Equipment Removal Rights.  Notwithstanding Section
    3.02(a)(ii), in the event of (A) a labor action or other event giving
    rise to Delta’s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section
    10.03(e) and (B) Delta has not yet exercised its termination rights,
    (1) Delta shall have the right to terminate Leases for, and take
    immediate possession of, up to seventy-four (74) CRJ 200 Aircraft and
    related Spare Engines selected by Delta, and (2) if the labor action or
    other event continues beyond 45 days Delta shall have the right to
    select and terminate Leases for, and take immediate possession of, up
    to that number of CRJ 200 Aircraft in excess of fifty (50) and the
    related Spare Engines.
 
    (iv) Unscheduled Aircraft.  Subject to Pinnacle’s approval, which shall
    not be unreasonably withheld, Delta shall determine the appropriate
    level of unscheduled Aircraft to be included in Pinnacle’s fleet from
    time to time.
 

 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (v) Spare Engine Requirements.  With respect to the appropriate
    quantity of Spare Engines to be included in Pinnacle’s fleet in the
    event of Aircraft removal or placement of additional Aircraft with
    Pinnacle, Delta and Pinnacle shall mutually determine the appropriate
    quantity of Spare Engines to be included in Pinnacle’s fleet from time
    to time.
 
      Section 3.03 Lease of the Equipment.  As of the Effective Date,
      Pinnacle and Delta (and/or an Affiliate of Delta) are parties to
      Leases with respect to the one hundred twenty-four (124) CRJ-200
      Aircraft, nine (9) Spare Engines and two (2) QECs in Pinnacle’s fleet
      and Mesaba and Delta (and/or an Affiliate of Delta) are parties to
      Leases with respect to seventeen (17) CRJ-200 Aircraft, one (1) Spare
      Engine and two (2) QECs in Mesaba’s fleet.  In the event Delta adds
      any additional Aircraft in Pinnacle’s fleet pursuant to Section
      3.02(a)(i), such additional Aircraft will be leased by Delta to
      Pinnacle pursuant to a lease that will be in substantially the same
      form as the Leases with respect to the CRJ-200 Aircraft in Pinnacle’s
      fleet as of the Effective Date.  Pinnacle and Delta agree to enter
      into leases with respect to the QECs Delta will provide to Pinnacle
      pursuant to Section 3.02(a)(i) on substantially the same terms as the
      Leases with respect to the QECs in Pinnacle’s fleet as of the
      Effective Date, and such leases shall remain in effect for the Term,
      subject to the termination rights and other terms and conditions
      consistent with Section 3.02(a)(ii)(G) above.
 
      Section 3.04 Terms of the Leases.  Each Lease for the CRJ-200
      Aircraft and the Spare Engines shall include the following terms:
 
(a) the term of each Lease shall be for a period ending on the Termination 
Date; provided, however, no Lease shall be for a term longer than the term 
of the related head lease, if any;
 
(b) the rent for Aircraft shall equal the Aircraft Rental Expense and shall 
be payable monthly in advance;
 
(c) the rent for Spare Engines shall equal the Spare Engine Rental Expense 
and shall be payable monthly in advance; and
 
(d) the Leases shall include such terms as are necessary to conform 
provisions of the Leases to the head lease and to any ancillary documents 
actually entered into by Delta or its affiliate in connection with such 
Equipment (to the extent Delta requests conformation).
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 or the 
provisions of any Lease, the Parties agree that the security deposit for 
the one hundred twenty-four (124) CRJ-200 Aircraft in Pinnacle’s fleet as 
of the date hereof shall equal the *** currently deposited with Delta and 
no additional security deposit shall be required for the placement of up to 
nineteen (19) additional CRJ-200 Aircraft with Pinnacle.  The security 
deposit for CRJ-200 Aircraft placed at Pinnacle in excess of such nineteen 
(19) Aircraft shall be equal to one month’s rent per each additional 
Aircraft.  The security deposit required for the placement of other 
aircraft at Pinnacle with fifty-one (51) or more seats shall be equal to 
one month’s rent per each additional aircraft.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, this provision shall not apply to the Extra Aircraft.
 

 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Delta represents and warrants to Pinnacle that the obligations of Lessee 
with regard to return conditions under each of the Leases under which 
Mesaba is Sublessee are not, in the aggregate, more onerous than those 
contained in that certain Sublease Agreement [NW 2002 HHH], dated as of 
January 14, 2003, between Delta (as successor to Northwest Airlines, Inc.), 
as sublessor, and Pinnacle, as sublessee.
 
      Section 3.05 Manufacturer Benefits Agreement.  Delta (as successor by
      merger to Northwest) and Pinnacle are parties to a Manufacturer
      Benefits Agreement dated as of January 14, 2003.
 
      Section 3.06 Equipment Maintenance, Servicing and Cleaning.  Subject
      to Section 3.11 with respect to the Extra Aircraft, each of Pinnacle
      and Mesaba shall be responsible for all aspects of the maintenance in
      accordance with the Maintenance Program (including any maintenance or
      modifications required by FAA airworthiness directives and all
      routine and non-routine maintenance), servicing and cleaning
      (including painting of aircraft exteriors and replacement of worn
      interior items) of the Equipment (except for ground handling as
      specified in Section 4.02); provided, however, that with respect to
      the Canadair Regional Jet Aircraft and Spare Engines, Pinnacle shall
      utilize Standard Aero for all major shop-level engine maintenance and
      shall utilize Bombardier for heavy airframe maintenance in accordance
      with the Standard Aero Agreement and the Bombardier Agreement,
      respectively.  In the event Pinnacle is or becomes a party to such
      Agreements, Pinnacle shall not execute any amendment or side letter
      to any of those Agreements without Delta’s prior written consent. In
      the event spare engine and/or spare parts pooling agreements are
      established for Delta Connection Carriers, each of Pinnacle and
      Mesaba will participate in such agreements so long as such agreements
      reasonably address Pinnacle’s inventory needs, logistics requirements
      and configuration concerns.  In the event Delta enters into
      agreements for auxiliary power unit (APU) maintenance, avionics
      maintenance and/or landing gear overhauls with respect to the
      Aircraft, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall utilize the vendors in such
      agreements for such services; provided, however, Pinnacle’s and
      Mesaba’s utilization of such vendors shall be subject to (i)
      termination of Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s (as applicable) existing vendor
      contracts, if any, and Delta’s payment of any early termination
      penalties imposed pursuant to Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s contracts and
      (ii) reasonably satisfactory arrangements in respect of Pinnacle’s
      and Mesaba’s operational requirements.
 
      Section 3.07 Third Party Guarantees and Warranties.  Pinnacle shall
      administer, track and pursue warranty and guaranty claims under the
      purchase, support and service agreements for the Equipment, so as to
      minimize operating costs for the Equipment.  Such efforts shall
      include establishment of all systems and procedures necessary to
      track and submit warranty and guaranty claims, including providing
      reports and information required to be provided under the purchase,
      support or services agreement.  Pinnacle shall not operate or
      maintain the Equipment in a manner that could result in any warranty
      or guaranty being terminated or voided, without the prior written
      consent of Delta.
 

 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 3.08 Related Transfer Arrangements.  All leases and subleases
      of ground support equipment, simulators, tooling and spare parts
      inventory agreements and vendor and/or maintenance agreements
      relating to items used primarily for or services provided primarily
      to the Equipment (collectively “Support Agreements”) entered into by
      Pinnacle after the Initial Effective Date and by Mesaba after the
      Effective Date shall be assignable to Delta without the consent of
      the other party to such Support Agreement on termination of this
      Agreement.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall, at Delta’s option,
      assign to Delta such Support Agreements as Delta shall designate on
      termination of this Agreement.  Pinnacle and Mesaba shall use their
      respective best efforts to obtain the consent of the other party to
      any such Support Agreements in effect as of the Initial Effective
      Date and, subject to obtaining such consents, if necessary, shall, at
      Delta’s option, assign to Delta such Support Agreements as Delta
      shall designate on termination of this Agreement.  On termination of
      this Agreement and during the Option Term, Delta shall have the
      option to purchase from Pinnacle and Mesaba all ground support
      equipment, simulators, tooling and spare parts inventory then owned
      by Pinnacle and Mesaba, respectively, which are used primarily with
      or related primarily to the Equipment for an amount equal to such
      assets’ then fair market value or depreciated book value, whichever
      is less.  In the event Delta invokes its Equipment removal rights
      under Section 3.02 above, on the Equipment removal date and for a
      period of thirty (30) days thereafter, Delta shall have the option to
      purchase from Pinnacle and Mesaba all ground support equipment,
      simulators, tooling and spare parts inventory then owned by Pinnacle
      and Mesaba, respectively, which are used primarily with or related
      primarily to the returning Equipment for an amount equal to such
      assets’ then fair market value or depreciated book value, whichever
      is less.  Upon request from Delta, each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall
      make available to Delta at no cost (i) the Maintenance Program and
      Maintenance Manual (as defined in the Lease) for the Equipment, and
      (ii) all other documentation required in order to operate and
      maintain the Equipment, and each of Pinnacle and Mesaba agrees that
      Delta may provide such Maintenance Program, Maintenance Manual and
      other documentation to one or more other carriers operating (or
      anticipated to operate) Canadair Regional Jet aircraft on behalf of
      Delta.
 
      Section 3.09 Equipment Financing Coordination.  Each of Pinnacle and
      Mesaba shall coordinate and cooperate with Delta with respect to
      Equipment sale, purchase and lease transactions.  Such coordination
      and cooperation shall include, but is not limited to, cooperating
      with Delta in structuring the closing of Equipment sale, purchase or
      lease transactions in a manner that will minimize the imposition of
      any local, city, county, state, provincial, federal or foreign taxes
      or other governmental transfer charges related to such transactions,
      providing Delta with financial information (audited and unaudited)
      that Delta may then provide to third parties, assisting in raising
      capital through the sale of either debt and/or equity in connection
      with the financing or leasing of the Equipment where and as requested
      by Delta (including but not limited to participating in meeting with
      the manufacturer, potential investors and sources of financing or
      lease equity to discuss Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s financial and
      operational performance and outlook), and full cooperation in meeting
      appropriate return conditions of the Equipment upon expiration of the
      Equipment’s Lease.
 

 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 3.10 Spare Parts Inventory; Application of Credits.  Delta
      may, at its option, purchase spare parts inventory items designated
      by Delta from Bombardier or other third parties and either sell such
      parts to Pinnacle and/or Mesaba (as applicable) at Delta’s Direct
      Cost or lease such parts to Pinnacle and/or Mesaba.  Terms of the
      spare parts lease agreement, including but not limited to,
      administration of inventory, scope of inventory purchase and lease
      conditions, will be mutually agreed.  Delta may, at its option,
      require Pinnacle and Mesaba to purchase spare parts or inventory from
      Bombardier or other designated third parties.  In addition, Delta
      may, at its option, require Pinnacle and Mesaba to purchase from
      Delta, manufacturer, supplier or servicer credits obtained from third
      parties at the face value of the credits.  However, in no event shall
      Pinnacle or Mesaba be required to purchase credits from Delta that
      Pinnacle or Mesaba, respectively, cannot utilize within 180 days of
      the date of purchase from Delta.
 
      Section 3.11 Extra Aircraft.  As of the Effective Date, Pinnacle and
      Comair (and/or another Affiliate of Delta) are parties to Leases with
      respect to two (2) Extra Aircraft (the “Pinnacle Extra Aircraft”) and
      Mesaba and Comair (and/or another Affiliate of Delta) are parties to
      Leases with respect to two (2) Extra Aircraft (the “Mesaba Extra
      Aircraft”).  During the term of each such Lease, the Extra Aircraft
      shall constitute “Aircraft” pursuant to this Agreement and all rights
      and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement with respect to
      Aircraft shall apply to the Extra Aircraft, except as expressly set
      forth in this Section 3.11:
 
(a) Except as otherwise agreed in writing by Delta, the Extra Aircraft 
shall only be used in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.11.  
The Extra Aircraft shall not be considered Aircraft available to operate 
Scheduled Flights for schedule planning purposes and shall be used solely 
as operational spare aircraft to support Pinnacle’s then scheduled 
Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights and not for any other purpose without 
the prior written consent of Delta.
 
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, for all purposes 
including, without limitation, the calculation of the Fixed Cost Payment 
pursuant to Section 5.04, the Available CRJ Days for each of the Extra 
Aircraft shall at all times be equal to zero (0).  In addition, there will 
be no CRJ deliveries recognized for purposes of the Fixed Cost Payment as a 
result of the delivery to Pinnacle of the Extra Aircraft.
 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Delta will reimburse Pinnacle for the 
actual, reasonable and customary out of pocket expenses (without mark-up) 
incurred by Pinnacle for third party services to bridge the Pinnacle Extra 
Aircraft (but not the Mesaba Extra Aircraft) into Pinnacle’s fleet, amend 
Pinnacle’s Operations Specifications and review the Extra Aircraft 
maintenance records (collectively, the “Bridging Costs”).  Pinnacle shall 
reimburse Delta for the Bridging Costs for each Pinnacle Extra Aircraft in 
equal monthly payments on the last day of each month during the twelve (12) 
month period commencing on the execution date of the applicable Lease in 
respect of the Pinnacle Extra Aircraft (the “Reimbursement Period 
Commencement Date”).  In the event Delta terminates a Lease in respect of a 
Pinnacle Extra Aircraft (other than as a result of a breach by Pinnacle) 
(the effective date of such termination, the “Pinnacle Extra Aircraft Lease 
Termination Date”) at any time prior to the third anniversary of the 
Reimbursement Period Commencement Date, Delta shall reimburse Pinnacle for 
an amount equal to the product of the total Bridging Costs previously 
reimbursed by Pinnacle for such Pinnacle Extra Aircraft multiplied by a 
fraction equal to the number of full months during such three (3) year 
period remaining after the Pinnacle Extra Aircraft Lease Termination Date 
divided by thirty-six (36).
 

 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       Examples:
    ***
 
(d) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.06, the Parties acknowledge 
and agree that all engine maintenance with respect to the Extra Aircraft of 
the type for which expenses, if incurred by Pinnacle, would otherwise be 
reimbursed by Delta pursuant to Section 5.06(c) will be performed by or on 
behalf of Comair and the expenses associated with such maintenance will not 
be incurred by Pinnacle or reimbursed by Delta hereunder.  To the extent 
Comair is unable to provide engine maintenance services to Pinnacle on a 
timely basis, subject to Delta’s prior written consent which will not be 
unreasonably withheld, Pinnacle may elect to retain a third party to 
provide engine maintenance services on terms and conditions approved in 
writing by Delta.  In such event, Delta will reimburse Pinnacle for 
Pinnacle’s actual and reasonable out of pocket expenses (without mark-up) 
paid to such third party for such engine maintenance services in accordance 
with Section 5.06, provided that any amounts reimbursed by Delta pursuant 
to this Section 3.11 shall not be included in the Margin Payment payable to 
Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.08.  The provisions of this Section 3.11 
shall only apply to the engines delivered with the Extra Aircraft and any 
engines provided by Comair or such third party and subsequently installed 
on the Extra Aircraft, and shall not apply to any other spare engine.
 
(e) Notwithstanding Section 5.08, any amounts payable to Pinnacle pursuant 
to Sections 5.06(b) (with respect to Pinnacle’s hull insurance only) and 
5.06(d) (with respect to the Extra Aircraft) shall not be included in the 
Margin Payment payable to Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.08.
 
(f) Notwithstanding Section 5.06(d), Delta shall reimburse Pinnacle for its 
actual reasonable and customary out of pocket expenses (without mark-up) 
incurred for painting the exteriors and, to the extent identified during 
the bridging process and before the Extra Aircraft is put in service, 
replacing worn interior items associated with the Extra Aircraft, in each 
case as required pursuant to Section 3.06, provided that Delta shall not be 
obligated to reimburse such expenses unless Pinnacle has obtained Delta’s 
prior written approval of such expenses.
 
(g) Delta agrees to reimburse Pinnacle for any actual reasonable and 
customary out of pocket expenses (without mark-up) (if any) incurred by 
Pinnacle directly related to Pinnacle’s compliance with the return 
conditions for the Extra Aircraft set forth in the applicable Lease in 
respect of the Extra Aircraft, provided that, except as set forth in 
Section 3.11 above (with respect to painting of the Extra Aircraft 
exteriors only), Delta shall not be obligated to reimburse Pinnacle for any 
expenses related to items for which Pinnacle is responsible pursuant to 
Section 3.06 and are not otherwise reimbursable by Delta pursuant to this 
Agreement; provided further that any amounts reimbursed by Delta pursuant 
to this Section 3.11 shall not be included in the Margin Payment payable to 
Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.08.
 

 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(h) Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba agrees to notify Delta in writing not less 
than sixty (60) days in advance of performing any scheduled or unscheduled 
airframe or engine maintenance event with respect to the Extra Aircraft 
estimated to have a total cost of $250,000 or more (provided that, if such 
advance notice is impracticable with respect to any such unscheduled 
maintenance event, Pinnacle shall provide notice to Delta not later than 
simultaneously with such event) (a “Major Maintenance Event”), which notice 
shall include the proposed workscope for such maintenance event and an 
itemization of the labor and parts costs for such maintenance event.  The 
cost of any Major Maintenance Event shall not be subject to reimbursement 
pursuant to Article V hereof unless expressly consented to in writing by 
Delta prior to commencement of the workscope for the Major Maintenance 
Event.
 
With respect to each Extra Aircraft, the provisions of this Section 3.11 
shall continue in effect until July 1, 2013, subject to (a) automatic 
termination upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease in 
respect of such Extra Aircraft, (b) extension of this Section 3.11 by 
agreement of all Parties, and (c) earlier termination of this Section 3.11 
by either Pinnacle or Delta for any reason upon not less than ninety (90) 
days prior written notice to the other; provided that any termination of 
this Section 3.11 by Pinnacle pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 3.11 
shall only be effective if Pinnacle has paid to Delta an amount in cash 
equal to any portion of the Bridging Costs for which Pinnacle has not 
reimbursed Delta pursuant to Section 3.11.
 
ARTICLE IV
 

 
ANCILLARY ARRANGEMENTS
 
      Section 4.01 Coordination with Pinnacle.
 
(a) Schedules and Timetables.  Delta shall file and maintain schedules with 
all applicable schedule distribution systems for all Scheduled Flights, and 
such schedules shall be filed and maintained by Delta together with the 
schedules for its flights.  Delta shall include and list all Scheduled 
Flights providing Regional Airline Services in the schedule publication 
program of Delta.  Delta shall, at its expense and sole discretion, furnish 
to Pinnacle and Mesaba an adequate supply of current printed Delta 
timetables and contracts of carriage consistent with Governmental 
Regulations and Delta’s timetable publication program.  Delta shall include 
Scheduled Flights operated by Pinnacle and Mesaba in all appropriate flight 
information systems on which Delta flights are listed.
 
(b) Travel Privileges.  Pinnacle and Mesaba (for so long as Mesaba 
continues to be a Party pursuant to Section 2.01(b)) shall each be entitled 
to make available for their respective employees and members of their 
respective Boards of Directors, the travel privileges set forth on Exhibit 
F attached hereto in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
therein.
 

 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) Weather Information.  Upon request of Pinnacle or its flight crews, 
Delta shall at its sole cost furnish Pinnacle and Mesaba such United States 
Weather Bureau information or data as may be available to Delta pursuant to 
a separate written agreement; provided, however, that neither Delta nor its 
employees will be responsible or liable for the accuracy thereof.  So long 
as Delta shall maintain its communications link with the National Weather 
Service, Delta shall provide the necessary communications to permit 
Pinnacle and Mesaba to continue providing weather data to the National 
Weather Service.  Delta shall provide any available National Weather 
Service data through computer link-up to Pinnacle and Mesaba.
 
(d) Information Systems.  Delta and Pinnacle are parties to a separate 
written agreement with respect to the information systems support Delta 
provides to Pinnacle.
 

 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 4.02 Ground Handling.
 
(a) Passenger and Ramp Handling.  At Delta Service Cities, the ground 
handling functions shall consist of the following Delta-provided functions: 
 (a) all gate check-in activities, (b) all passenger enplaning/deplaning 
services, including but not limited to sky cap and wheel chair services, 
(c) aircraft loading/unloading services, including but not limited to 
airside busing, (d) passenger ticketing, (e) jetbridge maintenance, (f) 
janitorial services, and (g) deicing services, and the following functions 
to be performed at Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s option by Delta (subject to the 
concurrence of Delta’s local station manager), by Pinnacle or Mesaba with 
its own employees or by a contract agent: (a) pushback, tow or taxi, (b) 
airstarts, and (c) aircraft cleaning, including but not limited to 
overnight cleaning, lavatory service and water service (collectively, the “
Ground Handling Functions”).  At least thirty (30) days before the start of 
services pursuant to a schedule change, Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) 
shall provide written notice to Delta regarding Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s 
election to use Delta, its own employees or a contract agent to perform the 
(a) pushback, tow or taxi, (b) airstart, and/or (c) aircraft cleaning 
functions at each Delta Service City.  With respect to each Delta Service 
City where Pinnacle or Mesaba elects to use its own employees or a contract 
agent to perform the (a) pushback, tow or taxi, (b) airstart, and/or (c) 
aircraft cleaning functions, Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) shall 
include in its periodic Cycle reports (pursuant to Section 5.02(a)) the 
following information:  (x) the per turn amount incurred by Pinnacle or 
Mesaba to have such functions performed by its own employees or a contract 
agent at each such Delta Service City, and (y) the number of Cycles 
operated at each such Delta Service City during the period covered by the 
report.   In the event Delta performs all Ground Handling Functions the 
rate Delta charges Pinnacle or Mesaba shall be $750 per turn (cycle).  If 
Pinnacle or Mesaba elects to use its own employees or a contract agent to 
perform the (a) pushback, tow or taxi, (b) airstart, and/or (c) aircraft 
cleaning functions, the $750 per turn rate shall be reduced by the per turn 
amount Pinnacle or Mesaba incurred to have those functions performed by its 
own employees or such contract agent.  At Pinnacle Service Cities, Pinnacle 
or Mesaba shall provide the Ground Handling Functions.  At a Contracted 
Service City, the Ground Handling Functions shall be provided utilizing a 
contract agent.  At DTW, MSP and any other Hub City, excluding MEM, 
Pinnacle or Mesaba shall use its own personnel and equipment or a contract 
agent to perform the Ground Handling Functions, except for (i) passenger 
ticketing, (ii) airside busing, sky cap and wheel chair services, (iii) 
jetbridge maintenance (iv) janitorial services, and (v) DTW deicing 
services, all of which services Delta shall provide at its sole cost. In 
the event Pinnacle or Mesaba utilizes a contract agent to perform 
substantially all of the Ground Handling Functions at DTW the rate for such 
contracted services shall not exceed *** per turn (cycle) multiplied by 
(1+CPPIB), excluding commissary charges.  Any charge for such services in 
excess of *** multiplied by (1+CPPIB) per turn shall be the sole cost of 
Delta. In the event Pinnacle or Mesaba utilizes a contract agent to perform 
substantially all of the Ground Handling Functions at MSP the rate for such 
contracted services shall not exceed *** per turn (cycle) multiplied by 
(1+CPPIB), including commissary charges.  Any charge for such services in 
excess of *** multiplied by (1+CPPIB) per turn shall be the sole cost of 
Delta. At MEM, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall use its own personnel and 
equipment or a contract agent to perform the Ground Handling Functions, 
except for (i) passenger ticketing, and (ii) airside busing, sky cap and 
wheel chair services, all of which services Delta shall provide at its sole 
cost.
 

 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Delta may, 
at its option, require Pinnacle or Mesaba upon ninety (90) days prior 
written notice to utilize a contract agent or Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s own 
personnel and equipment to perform Ground Handling Functions at any or all 
of the Service Cities.  In the event that any Service City  is 
re-designated as a Contracted Service City, Delta shall (i) charge Pinnacle 
or Mesaba *** per turn (cycle) multiplied by (1+CPPIB), (ii) the city 
classification pursuant to Section 5.03(b) will be revised to the extent 
necessary, and (iii) the service standards applicable to any contract agent 
will be either reasonably satisfactory to Pinnacle or Mesaba or no less 
stringent than the standards applicable to Delta’s own operations.  
Furthermore, in the event a Contracted Service City is re-designated as a 
Pinnacle Service City, the Delta passenger ticket counters (passenger 
ticketing function pursuant to Section 4.02(d)) at such Service City may 
only be staffed by one company designated by Delta.  At any time that a 
Service City qualifies for a different designation pursuant to the 
definitions of Contracted Service City, Pinnacle Service City and Delta 
Service City set forth herein, Delta may re-designate such Service City to 
such new designation, provided that Delta shall notify Pinnacle of any such 
re-designation within ninety (90) days after the effective date of any such 
re-designation.
 
      Section 4.03 Facilities.
 
(a) Hub Cities.  Pinnacle and Mesaba will sublease from Delta airport 
facilities at the Hub Cities as set forth in mutually agreeable sublease 
agreements.  The applicable Hub City facility charges are set forth in 
Exhibit G.  In the event Pinnacle or Mesaba requires additional facilities 
at any of the Hub Cities caused by the expansion of Regional Airline 
Services, Delta shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain such facilities 
and provide them to Pinnacle or Mesaba at no additional charge.  The 
Parties agree that Delta may relocate Pinnacle or Mesaba to comparable 
facilities at the Hub Cities, provided that Delta pays Pinnacle’s or 
Mesaba’s reasonable relocation expenses.
 
(b) Service Cities.  At Delta Service Cities, Delta shall provide Pinnacle 
and Mesaba with the Ground Handling Functions pursuant to Section 4.02 
hereof utilizing Delta’s owned and/or leased premises and equipment 
(including jetbridges) located thereon.  Delta shall cooperate with 
Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s efforts to become a signatory carrier at such 
airports; provided, however, that if Pinnacle becomes a signatory carrier 
at any such airport Pinnacle and Mesaba shall vote as directed by Delta on 
any matters submitted to the signatory carriers for a vote.  At Pinnacle 
Service Cities, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be solely responsible for all of 
its facilities and equipment requirements, excluding jetbridges, which 
shall be the responsibility of Delta; provided, however, if Delta owns 
and/or leases facilities at a Pinnacle Service City and elects to provide 
Ground Handling Functions to Pinnacle or Mesaba pursuant to Section 4.02, 
Delta shall provide such services utilizing Delta’s owned and/or leased 
premises and equipment (including jetbridges) located thereon. At a 
Contracted Service City, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be solely responsible 
for all of their respective facilities and equipment requirements, 
excluding jetbridges, which shall be the responsibility of Delta.  In the 
event Delta exercises its right, pursuant to Section 4.02, to have a 
Delta-designated contract agent perform the Ground Handling Functions in a 
Contracted Service City, Delta shall be solely responsible for all 
facilities and equipment requirements. Delta will determine in its sole 
discretion whether a jetbridge will be used at all Service Cities.
 

 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) Maintenance Facilities.  Except as provided in Section 3.06 and 
Section 4.03(g), maintenance facilities used to perform maintenance on the 
Equipment (“Maintenance Facilities”) pursuant to lease or ownership 
arrangements entered into after the Initial Effective Date, shall be at 
such locations and pursuant to terms mutually agreeable to the Parties.  In 
the event Delta provides the Maintenance Facility to Pinnacle or Mesaba, it 
will do so according to the terms of a mutually agreeable lease or 
sublease.  Delta shall reimburse Pinnacle and Mesaba on a monthly basis in 
accordance with Sections 5.06 and 5.07 for such Maintenance Facilities 
expenses incurred by Pinnacle or Mesaba, respectively.  The cost to 
Pinnacle and Mesaba for Maintenance Facilities leased or owned by Pinnacle 
or Mesaba, respectively, as of the Initial Effective Date or thereafter, 
will be reimbursed in accordance with Sections 5.06 and 5.07.
 
(d) Landing Fees.  Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be responsible for landing 
fees at all airports to which such carrier provides Regional Airline 
Services pursuant to this Agreement and at all airports to which a 
Scheduled Flight, Non-Scheduled Flight or Charter Flight is diverted.
 
(e) Signage.  Subject to Governmental Regulations, each of Pinnacle and 
Mesaba shall display at all ticketing and check-in locations such signage 
or other forms of advertisement to identify and promote Delta’s service as 
Delta may specify and as approved by the relevant airport authority.  All 
signage utilizing the DL Identification shall be provided by Delta at its 
sole cost, shall be the property of Delta and shall be subject to the 
applicable provisions of Article VII below.  Neither Pinnacle nor Mesaba 
shall use the Pinnacle Identification on any signage or other forms of 
advertisement used to identify or promote the Regional Airlines Services 
(except as otherwise required by Governmental Regulations).
 

 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(f) Related Transfer Arrangements.  All leases and subleases of facilities 
used in connection with Regional Airline Services, including Maintenance 
Facilities for the Equipment (collectively, “Facilities Leases”) entered 
into by Pinnacle or Mesaba after the Initial Effective Date shall be 
assignable to Delta without the consent of the other party to such Facility 
Lease on termination of this Agreement, the withdrawal of Scheduled Flights 
from such airport or upon written notice from Delta to Pinnacle or Mesaba 
(as applicable), provided that if the consent of the facility lessor is 
required by contract or Governmental Regulations, Pinnacle and Mesaba will 
use its best efforts to obtain such consent at the time the Facility Lease 
is entered into and to incorporate such consent in the terms of the 
Facility Lease.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall, at Delta’s option, 
assign to Delta such Facilities Leases as Delta shall designate on 
termination of this Agreement, the withdrawal of Scheduled Flights from 
such airport or upon receipt of written notice from Delta. Each of Pinnacle 
and Mesaba shall use its best efforts to obtain the consent of the other 
party to such Facilities Leases in effect as of the Initial Effective Date 
and, subject to obtaining such consents, if necessary, shall, at Delta’s 
option, assign to Delta such Facilities Leases as Delta shall designate on 
termination of this Agreement, the withdrawal of Scheduled Flights from 
such airport or upon receipt of written notice from Delta.  On termination 
of this Agreement and during the Option Term, Delta shall have the option 
to purchase from Pinnacle and Mesaba all facilities used in connection with 
Regional Airline Services, including Maintenance Facilities for the 
Equipment, then owned by Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) for an amount 
equal to such assets’ then fair market value or depreciated book value, 
whichever is less.  On the assignment of a Facility Lease to Delta or on 
the withdrawal of Scheduled Flights from an airport and for a period of 
thirty (30) days thereafter, Delta shall have the option to purchase from 
Pinnacle and Mesaba all facilities used in connection with Regional Airline 
Services at such airport, including Maintenance Facilities for the 
Equipment, then owned by Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) for an amount 
equal to such assets’ then fair market value or depreciated book value, 
whichever is less.
 
(g) Facilities Lease Option.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, Delta may, at its option, elect to hold the leasehold 
interest in any facilities to be used by Pinnacle or Mesaba at any new or 
existing Service City, and in the event Delta exercises this option (i) 
Delta shall enter into a Facilities Lease with the lessor of such 
facilities, (ii) Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) shall utilize such 
facilities pursuant to a sub-lease or facilities use agreement with Delta, 
(iii) the rent/facilities charges payable by Pinnacle or Mesaba (as 
applicable) in such sub-lease or facilities use agreement shall be the same 
as Delta’s Direct Cost under the Facilities Lease for the facilities used 
by Pinnacle and/or Mesaba, (iv) the sub-lease or facilities use agreement 
shall terminate when Pinnacle and/or Mesaba (as appropriate) ceases to 
operate Regional Airline Services at the airport, and (v) Delta shall lease 
facilities which are reasonably suitable for Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s (as 
applicable) operational needs and, with respect to new Service Cities, 
Delta shall complete the leasing arrangements in a manner that will allow 
Pinnacle and/or Mesaba adequate time to prepare to commence Regional 
Airline Services at the Service City in accordance with the Annual 
Operating Plan or as otherwise scheduled by Delta.
 

 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 4.04 Data Communications.  Delta shall provide to Pinnacle
      and or Mesaba (as applicable) at all Service Cities and Hub Cities,
      at Delta’s sole expense, data circuit lines, any required data
      networking equipment, the use of computer reservation terminals,
      printers and modems, including hardware, software and maintenance
      support for such equipment (the “Data Communication Equipment”). 
      Such Data Communication Equipment shall be of the same type and
      quality as that used by Delta in its airline operations.  In
      connection with the commencement of Regional Airline Services at a
      new Service City, Delta will provide Pinnacle and/or Mesaba with
      Delta’s standard Data Communications Equipment at Delta’s sole
      expense.  Delta and Pinnacle are parties to a written agreement with
      respect to the information technology services to be provided by
      Delta to Pinnacle in connection with the Regional Airline Services
      operated under this Agreement and, upon the assignment of Aircraft in
      Mesaba’s fleet to Pinnacle in accordance with Section 2.01(b), the
      amounts payable by Pinnacle pursuant to such agreement shall be
      increased to reflect the additional aircraft operated by Pinnacle.
 
      Section 4.05 Security.  Delta shall be responsible for the systems
      which are programmed to perform all the Department of Homeland
      Security and foreign government requirements relating to watchlist
      vetting, CAPPS, and passenger APIS submission.  Each Party’s
      personnel are responsible to ensure all required government and
      airline security and customs/immigration procedures are followed and
      each Party will ensure that its staff has received the appropriate
      training as required by applicable law and by the carrier.  With
      respect to security investigations, Pinnacle and Mesaba will
      cooperate with Delta during the investigation of alleged or actual
      security compliance violations, security issues, fraud, theft,
      vandalism, and other possible criminal acts involving any employee,
      passenger or agent of such Party or relating to the Regional Airlines
      Services provided by Pinnacle or Mesaba hereunder.  Airport security
      and passenger screening is conducted by the TSA as of the Effective
      Date.  To the extent airlines have responsibility for airport
      security and/or passenger screening Delta shall be responsible for
      Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s allocated share with respect to the Regional
      Airline Services only of all maintenance expenses associated with all
      security equipment and such Party’s allocated share of all personnel
      expenses (including overtime) associated with the operation of such
      equipment and all airport security-related functions, including,
      without limitation, passenger screening and activities related to
      security directives imposed by Governmental Regulations. 
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that
      should the U.S. government augment or change the directives,
      requirements, processes, procedures or the activities related to
      passenger screening as may be imposed by future Governmental
      Regulations, then the Parties will negotiate in good faith regarding
      any changes to this Agreement that may be necessary as a result.
 
      Section 4.06 Reservation Services.  During the Term, Delta shall
      handle, at its sole expense, reservations for all passenger air
      transportation on Scheduled Flights operated pursuant to this
      Agreement.  Reservations shall be handled in the same manner and
      subject to the same standards utilized by Delta for its own
      reservations.  All reservations shall be made in the name of Delta
      unless otherwise required by Governmental Regulations.  Delta shall
      be sole owner of any customer or passenger data relating to the
      Scheduled Flights and related reservation services.
 

 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 4.07 Ticketing Services and Ticketing Procedures.
 
(a) Ticketing Services.  At all of its ticketing locations, Delta shall, at 
its sole expense, sell, issue and exchange tickets for passenger air 
transportation on all Scheduled Flights to be operated pursuant to this 
Agreement utilizing Delta ticket stock and all related accounting forms 
printed with the Delta logo, name and format (“Delta Tickets”).  Delta 
hereby appoints Pinnacle and Mesaba as its agents, and each of Pinnacle and 
Mesaba hereby agrees to act as Delta’s agent, at all Pinnacle and Mesaba 
ticketing locations in connection with the sale and issuance of all 
passenger tickets by Pinnacle and/or Mesaba and with the same duties owed 
to Delta in that capacity as is customary in the industry between airlines. 
 At all of its ticketing locations, each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall sell, 
issue and exchange Delta Tickets for passenger air transportation on all 
Scheduled Flights to be operated pursuant to this Agreement and to be 
provided by and over the routes of Delta (collectively, “Ticketing Services
”).  Nothing in this Section 4.07(a) shall be deemed to alter or conflict 
with the provisions of Section 9.01 hereof.  Air carriers and other 
agencies other than Delta may also issue tickets for travel to be performed 
by Pinnacle or Mesaba.
 
(b) Booking and Ticketing Procedures.  The procedures followed and 
standards applied by each of Pinnacle and Mesaba in booking flights and 
performing the Ticketing Services shall conform in all material respects to 
Delta’s own tariffs, procedures and standards applicable to the booking of 
Delta flights and the issuance of Delta Tickets and to the collection and 
remittance of the proceeds of such sales.  Pinnacle and Mesaba employees 
booking flights and performing Ticketing Services shall adhere to Delta’s 
procedures and standards as shall be provided to Pinnacle and Mesaba in 
writing.  In accordance with Section 8.02 below, each of Pinnacle and 
Mesaba shall be responsible for collecting and shall pay to Delta any 
Ticket Taxes and Fees required to be collected under applicable law on 
Tickets sold by Pinnacle and/or Mesaba utilizing Delta ticket stock.
 
(c) Frequent Flyer Program.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba agrees to accept 
Delta frequent flyer tickets and to provide transportation services 
pursuant to such tickets at no charge to Delta.  All travel under the 
frequent flyer program solely on Pinnacle and/or Mesaba shall entitle a 
passenger to such credit as shall be equivalent to the credit offered on 
Delta for comparable mileage segments.  Delta will provide such credit to 
members of its frequent flyer program who travel on Pinnacle or Mesaba at 
no charge.
 
(d) Supplies.  Delta shall, at its sole expense, provide an adequate supply 
of ticket office forms and specialized supplies (such as baggage tags, but 
excluding normal office supplies such as paper, stationery, envelopes, memo 
pads and the like) bearing the DL Identification for use by Pinnacle and 
Mesaba subject to the applicable provisions of Article VII below.
 

 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(e) Ticketing Costs.  All travel agency commissions attributable to 
Scheduled Flights shall be Delta’s expense.  Delta shall pay all computer 
reservation system fees attributable to passengers on Scheduled Flights.  
In the event Governmental Regulations preclude the payment of these fees by 
Delta and Pinnacle or Mesaba then pays them, Delta shall immediately begin 
paying Pinnacle and Mesaba a “Traffic Referral” commission on a 
semi-monthly basis in an amount equal to such fees formerly paid by Delta 
for Pinnacle or Mesaba.  Such commission shall be retroactive to the date 
on which such fees were no longer lawfully paid by Delta and shall be 
included in the semi-monthly payments to be made by Delta pursuant to 
Section 5.02.
 
      Section 4.08 Baggage Handling Services.  “Baggage Handling Services”
      shall consist of the following:
 
(a) At all Delta Service Cities and Hub Cities, Pinnacle and/or Mesaba and 
Delta shall exchange and transfer baggage in accordance with procedures to 
be mutually agreed upon and generally utilized by the Parties.
 
(b) The procedures utilized in performing such Baggage Handling Services 
shall conform in all respects to Delta’s own standards and procedures as 
adapted to Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s Aircraft and operations.
 
(c) For purposes of baggage claims, Pinnacle and Mesaba will be treated as 
if they are a party to standard industry ticketing and baggage agreements 
with Delta and other air carriers.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba will make 
available at the request of any passenger excess valuation insurance, if 
any, offered by Delta to the extent such insurance covers Pinnacle’s and/or 
Mesaba’s flights and Delta’s flights.
 
      Section 4.09 Air Cargo Handling Services.  “Air Cargo Handling
      Services” shall consist of the following:
 
(a) At each location at which Delta operates Ticketing Services, Delta 
shall at no charge to Pinnacle or Mesaba accept Air Cargo for shipment on 
flights to be operated by and over the routes of Pinnacle, Mesaba or Delta. 
Delta shall issue air waybills covering Air Cargo and shall prepare a 
“Transfer Manifest” for each Pinnacle and Mesaba flight on which there 
shall be an Air Cargo shipment which transfer manifest shall set forth all 
Air Cargo to be carried on the flight.
 

 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Delta hereby appoints each of Pinnacle and Mesaba as its agent, and 
Pinnacle and Mesaba hereby agree to act as Delta’s agent, at all Pinnacle 
and Mesaba ticketing locations in connection with the sale and issuance of 
all air waybills by Pinnacle and/or Mesaba and with the same duties owed to 
Delta in that capacity as is customary in the industry between airlines.  
Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba agrees to observe all Delta procedures and 
standards applicable to the issuance of air waybills and to the collection 
and remittance of the proceeds of such sales.  Pinnacle and Mesaba 
employees performing such duties shall adhere to Delta’s procedures and 
standards as shall be provided to Pinnacle and Mesaba in writing.  In 
accordance with Section 8.02 below, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be 
responsible for collecting and shall pay to Delta any Ticket Taxes and Fees 
required to be collected under applicable law on air waybills sold by 
Pinnacle or Mesaba utilizing Delta air waybills.  Nothing in this Section 
4.09(b) shall be deemed to alter or conflict with the provisions of 
Section 9.01 hereof.  Air carriers other than Delta may also issue air 
waybills for cargo transportation to be performed by Pinnacle or Mesaba.
 
(c) Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall provide Air Cargo handling services 
at Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s ticketing locations for and on behalf of Delta 
for Air Cargo carried solely on Pinnacle or Mesaba or on both a Pinnacle or 
Mesaba flight and a Delta flight.  Such handling services shall be 
performed in accordance with Delta’s procedures and standards as provided 
to Pinnacle in writing, including but not limited to (i) accepting all Air 
Cargo that Delta accepts, such as pets/AVI (other live animals), human 
remains, Priority Service (SPC) freight and perishables, unless otherwise 
mutually agreed, and (ii) keeping facilities open at least one and one-half 
(1.5) hours before and one (1) hour after each Scheduled Flight for 
customers to deliver and pick up Air Cargo.
 
(d) For Air Cargo carried solely on Pinnacle or Mesaba or on both a 
Pinnacle or Mesaba flight and a Delta flight, Pinnacle, Mesaba and Delta 
shall charge rates in accordance with Delta’s applicable rates and tariffs; 
such revenues shall be paid 100% to and retained by Delta.
 
(e) For purposes of Air Cargo claims, Pinnacle and Mesaba will be treated 
as if they were a party to standard industry ticketing and baggage 
agreements with Delta and other air carriers.
 
(f) Delta shall, at its sole expense, supply Pinnacle and Mesaba with all 
necessary Air Cargo forms and supplies in an agreed upon form with the DL 
Identification, subject to the applicable provisions of Article VII below.  
Delta, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall utilize such forms and supplies when 
accepting Air Cargo for transport on Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s flights.
 

 
41
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 4.10 Use of COMAT.  Delta, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall each
      provide to the other, at no cost to the other and on a
      non-discriminatory basis, access to its respective COMAT system for
      the movement and acquisition of priority aircraft maintenance parts
      and other company material.  Delta’s failure to deliver timely a
      maintenance component via COMAT, whether timely or at all, shall not
      cause an affected Scheduled Flight to be excluded in calculating
      Pinnacle’s on-time performance and completion factors.  All access
      shall be consistent with Delta’s, Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s respective
      published COMAT procedures and policies, as amended from time to
      time.  Delta shall provide to Pinnacle and Mesaba at no cost and on a
      non-discriminatory basis, access to Delta’s DASH service to the
      extent necessary for Aircraft out of service recovery.
 
      Section 4.11 Slots and Route Authorities.  During the Term (including
      any Renewal Terms) or upon the expiration or termination of this
      Agreement, Delta may, in its sole discretion, require Pinnacle and
      Mesaba to transfer to Delta or its designee at no charge any airport
      takeoff or landing slots, route authorities or other regulatory
      authorities as Delta shall designate which have been or are being
      used for Regional Airlines Services under this Agreement.
 
      Section 4.12 Emergency Response and Family Assistance.  Delta shall
      enter into a separate written agreement with Pinnacle and Mesaba with
      respect to emergency response and family assistance services to be
      provided to Pinnacle and Mesaba by Delta at no charge in connection
      with the Regional Airlines Services operated under this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE V
 

 
REVENUES, PAYMENTS AND SETOFF
 
      Section 5.01 Revenues.  Pinnacle acknowledges and agrees that all
      revenues resulting from the sale and issuance of passenger tickets
      and cargo air waybills associated with the operation of the Aircraft
      and all other sources of revenue associated with the operation of the
      Aircraft are the sole property of Delta, including without limitation
      ticket change fees and other fees or charges which are applicable
      pursuant to Delta’s tariffs, unaccompanied minor fees, beverage
      services, excess baggage fees, Essential Air Service subsidies and
      nonrevenue pass travel charges.
 
      Section 5.02 Payments to Pinnacle.
 
(a) Reports.  Pinnacle shall provide to Delta periodic reports with respect 
to the number of actual, completed Block Hours, and Cycles by category as 
defined in Section 5.03(b) of regional jet service flown by Pinnacle or 
Mesaba (each in respect of Scheduled Flights, Charter Flights and 
Non-Scheduled Flights) in accordance with the following schedule in each 
calendar month during the Term:
 

 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


Day of Month Report Due
Period Covered by Report
22
1st – 15th of Month
7
Complete Previous Month

Pinnacle shall also provide Delta periodic reports with respect to its 
Available CRJ Days, CRJ deliveries, and its expenses with respect to 
Section 5.05 and Section 5.06 in accordance with the following schedule in 
each calendar month during the Term:
 
Day of Month Report Due
Period Covered by Report
7
Complete Previous Month

(b) Payment Schedule.  Except as set forth below, Delta shall remit to 
Pinnacle by wire transfer of immediately available funds by the close of 
business on the 30th day of each calendar month (or the next banking day if 
the 30th is a bank holiday), as a provisional payment, Pinnacle’s Block 
Hour Payment, Cycle Payment, IOP Payment and any payments due pursuant to 
Section 5.05 below for the period covered by the Block Hour Report and 
Cycle Report furnished by Pinnacle on the 22nd day of the month and the 
payment due in respect of Equipment Rental Expense pursuant to Section 5.06 
below.
 
Delta shall remit to Pinnacle by wire transfer of immediately available 
funds by the close of business on the 15th day of each month (or the next 
banking day if the 15th is a bank holiday), as a final payment, Pinnacle’s 
Block Hour  Payment, Cycle Payment, IOP Payment, Fixed Cost Payment, 
Monthly Margin Payment, any payments due pursuant to Section 5.05 or 
Section 5.06 below for the preceding month and any payments due with 
respect to Charter Flights, less the amount of the provisional payment made 
on the 30th day of the preceding month.
 
For purposes of this Section 5.02, the above-referenced payments to 
Pinnacle shall be calculated as follows for any applicable period:
 
    (i) the Block Hour Payment will be equal to the then applicable Block
    Hour Rate multiplied by the number of actual, completed Block Hours
    reported in Pinnacle’s Block Hour Report for such period for Scheduled
    Flights, Non-Scheduled Flights and Charter Flights, plus
 
    (ii) the Cycle Payment will be equal to the then applicable Cycle Rates
    multiplied by the number of actual, completed Cycles for each
    respective category in Section 5.03(b) reported in Pinnacle’s Cycle
    Report for such period for Scheduled Flights and Non-Scheduled Flights,
    plus
 
    (iii) the IOP Payment, if any, will be determined in accordance with 
    Section 5.03(c) below, plus
 

 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (iv) any payments due pursuant to Section 5.05 below, plus
 
    (v) with respect to the payment to be made on the 15th day of each
    month, Pinnacle’s Fixed Cost Payment determined in accordance with 
    Section 5.04 below and any payments due pursuant to Section 5.06 
    below, plus
 
    (vi) with respect to the payment to be made on the 15th day of each
    month, the Monthly Margin Payment determined in accordance with 
    Section 5.08 or Section 5.11 below, as applicable.
 
Adjustments arising from Delta’s audit of the Block Hour Report, Cycle 
Report, Available CRJ Days Report, CRJ Deliveries Report, Section 5.05 
Report, or Section 5.06 Report may be made within ninety (90) days 
following the end of each month.  Any reference to the 30th day of a month 
in this Section 5.02 will be deemed to mean the last day of February with 
respect to that month.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Delta shall be entitled, without notice, to 
deduct from any payment owed to Pinnacle hereunder (a “Delta Payment”) any 
amounts that, at the time such Delta Payment is owed to Pinnacle hereunder, 
are due and owing to Delta under that certain Promissory Note dated July 1, 
2010 issued by Pinnacle, Parent and Mesaba to Delta (the “Promissory Note
”).  At no time shall Pinnacle be entitled to payments hereunder in excess 
of the amount determined after giving effect to such deductions.
 
      Section 5.03 Block Hour and Cycle Rates; IOP Program Adjustment.
 
(a) Block Hour Rate.  The Block Hour Rate for 2010 shall be ***.  The Block 
Hour Rate for 2011 and any year thereafter shall be adjusted in accordance 
with Section 5.10.
 
(b) Cycle Rate.  The Cycle Rates for 2010 shall be as set forth in the 
table below.  The Cycle Rates for 2011 and any year thereafter shall be 
adjusted in accordance with Section 5.10.
 
  	
Cycle Rates – CRJ 200
  	
Calendar Year 2010
  	 
DTW
***
  	 
MSP
***
  	 
MEM
***
  	 
DL Cities
***
  	 
CS Cities
***
  	 
PS Cities
***
  	 


 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

DL Cities means Delta Service Cities.
 
CS Cities means Contracted Service Cities.
 
PS Cities means Pinnacle Service Cities
 
(c) IOP Program Incident Adjustment.  If during any month during the Term 
Pinnacle or Mesaba cancels one or more Scheduled Flights in connection with 
one or more IOP Program Incidents, Delta shall pay to Pinnacle an amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula:
 
       P=((IBH)*(BHR)*(0.43)) + ((ICYC)*(CYCR)*(0.53))
 
       where,
 
       P is the IOP Payment to be made to Pinnacle,
 
       IBH is the number of scheduled Block Hours cancelled in connection
       with the IOP Program Incident(s), calculated by the following
       formula:
 
       IBH=Pinnacle and Mesaba scheduled Block Hours in Hub cancelled *
       (((% points of Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s Scheduled Flights in Hub
       cancelled)-(% points of Delta scheduled flights in Hub
       cancelled))/(% points of Pinnacle's and Mesaba’s Scheduled Flights
       in Hub cancelled)),
 
       BHR is the then applicable Block Hour Rate in which such IOP Program
       Incident(s) occurred,
 
       ICYC is the number of scheduled Cycles cancelled in connection with
       the IOP Program Incident(s), calculated by the following formula:
 
       ICYC=Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s scheduled Cycles in Hub cancelled *
       (((% points of Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s Scheduled Flights in Hub
       cancelled)-(% points of Delta scheduled flights in Hub
       cancelled))/(% points of Pinnacle's and Mesaba’s Scheduled Flights
       in Hub cancelled))), and
 
       CYCR is the then applicable Cycle Rate by category as defined in 
       Section 5.03(b) in which such IOP Program Incident(s) occurred.
 
      Section 5.04 Fixed Costs.  Subject to Section 3.11 with respect to
      the Extra Aircraft, Pinnacle’s Fixed Cost Payment arising from
      operation of the Aircraft shall be calculated on a monthly basis as
      follows:
 
       Fixed Cost Payment = [***+ (*** * Monthly CRJ Deliveries) + (*** *
       Monthly ACDs)] * (1 + CPPIB)
 
       where,
 
       *** represents Pinnacle’s base amount of monthly fixed costs.
 

 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       *** represents the payment per CRJ Aircraft delivered during the
       month.
 
       Monthly CRJ Deliveries means the number of CRJ Aircraft delivered
       during the applicable month as set forth in the CRJ Deliveries
       Report.
 
       *** represents the payment per Available CRJ Day
 
       Monthly ACDs means the number of Available CRJ Days for the
       applicable month as set forth in the Available CRJ Days Report
 
      Section 5.05 Fuel.
 
(a) Fuel Administration.  Subject to Pinnacle’s consent (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld), Pinnacle and Mesaba will join the fuel consortium 
at a Service City upon Delta’s request.  Delta will provide to Pinnacle and 
Mesaba the following fuel-related administrative services:  (i) negotiation 
of fuel supply, fuel storage and into-plane service contracts for the 
Aircraft, (ii) payment of all into-plane and fuel invoices in respect of 
the Aircraft, (iii) monthly reconciliations (by the 15th of the following 
month) with respect to fuel boarded, inventory and purchases, and (iv) 
monthly reports with respect to fuel boarded by station, flight and 
Aircraft.  For the avoidance of doubt, Delta will not charge Pinnacle or 
Mesaba for fuel supply, fuel storage or into-plane services with respect to 
the Aircraft.
 
(b) Fuel Payment.  Pinnacle shall have the right to audit on a semi-annual 
basis the determination of the number of gallons of aircraft fuel boarded 
and payment of all into-plane and fuel invoices in respect of the Aircraft 
and shall report any disputes to Delta.  Any dispute not reported to Delta 
within thirty (30) days of the conclusion of such audit shall be deemed 
waived.
 
Delta’s fuel department shall have the right to audit on a monthly basis 
the determination of the number of gallons of aircraft fuel boarded and 
fuel price paid and shall report any disputes to Pinnacle.  Any dispute not 
reported to Pinnacle within thirty (30) days of the conclusion of such 
audit shall be deemed waived.
 
(c) Pinnacle Reporting Procedures.  Pinnacle and Mesaba will provide to 
Delta the following fuel administrative service assistance:  (i) timely 
Fuel Management System (“FMS”) data entry by Pinnacle or Mesaba at Pinnacle 
Service Cities including month-end reconciling to the fixed base operator 
(“FBO”) by the end of the second business day, (ii) FMS coverage by 
Pinnacle or Mesaba when regular FMS person is on vacation, leave, etc., 
(iii) Pinnacle will train new Pinnacle and Mesaba employees on FMS due to 
turnover, vacation, etc., (iv) problems at FBO regarding supply of fuel 
slips and bill of lading receipts will be addressed by Pinnacle or Mesaba 
personnel first before involving the Delta Fuel Department.
 
(d) Fuel Burn Review Procedures – CRJ.  Delta and Pinnacle agree to review 
the fuel burn performance (defined as gallons per block hour) of the 
Aircraft for compliance with annual performance measures including, but not 
limited to:
 
    (i) Planned Fuel On Arrival (FOA)
 

 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (ii) Planned Zero Fuel Weight (ZFW)
 
    (iii) Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) Usage
 
Pinnacle and Mesaba will be responsible for the development and setting of 
the annual performance measure targets for the Aircraft, each as defined in 
Exhibit H, and an annual budgeted fuel burn rate expressed in gallons per 
block hour (“All-in Rate”), in a timeframe consistent with the development 
of the annual operating expense budget of each Party.  The All-in Rate 
shall encompass all scheduled and non-scheduled burned gallons and include 
the measures defined in (d)(i-iii) above and those measures the Parties may 
agree to subsequently add.  The annual targets for the performance measures 
and All-in Rate will be subject to Delta’s review and approval.  If the 
Parties are unable to reach agreement, the procedures set forth in Section 
5.10(f) will be utilized to establish the annual targets and the All-in 
Rate.  Additional performance measures may be identified and added at a 
future date by mutual agreement of the Parties for purposes of reviewing 
the Aircraft’s annual fuel burn.  In the event data is not yet available 
for a given measure, no annual target will be set.  The Parties agree to 
use reasonable best efforts in researching and collecting data for purposes 
of adding performance measures and cooperation may not be unreasonably 
withheld by either Party.
 
Not later than sixty (60) days following the end of the year for which the 
targets applied, Pinnacle shall (i) deliver to Delta the analysis and 
conclusion of Pinnacle’s performance for the year then ended with respect 
to each of the performance measures and the All-in Rate, and (ii) provide 
Delta with the data used by Pinnacle to determine variances to each of the 
performance measure targets and the All-in Rate in a format specified by 
Delta.  The analysis shall include, but not be limited to, adjustment for 
changes in the operating schedule from the Annual Operating Plan.  For 
example, adjusting planned taxi time or average length of flight to actual 
experience for the year completed.  Delta shall have thirty (30) days from 
the receipt of Pinnacle’s analysis to complete its review.  If it is 
determined that Pinnacle exceeded one or more of the targets for the annual 
performance measures, and the cause of exceeding the targets was within the 
control of Pinnacle, a fuel penalty shall be assessed per the formulas set 
forth in Exhibit H.  If it is determined that Pinnacle exceeded the budget 
for the All-in Rate, after adjusting for variances to target for the 
performance measures, and the cause of exceeding the budget was within the 
control of Pinnacle or Mesaba, a fuel penalty shall be assessed per the 
formula set forth in Exhibit H.  Such penalty payment(s) shall be made in 
accordance with Section 5.07.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the analysis set forth in 
this Section 5.05(d), all Aircraft operated by Mesaba shall be excluded for 
all years prior to 2011.
 

 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 5.06 Direct Expenses.  Delta will reimburse Pinnacle for the
      following expenses at the Direct Cost to Pinnacle or Mesaba. 
      Reimbursement for these expenses paid or accrued by Pinnacle or
      Mesaba in the prior month, (other than the Equipment Rental Expense)
      will be included in the wire transfer to Pinnacle on the 15th of each
      subsequent month pursuant to Section 5.02(b) above.  The
      reimbursement of Equipment Rental Expense pursuant to Section 5.06(a) 
      attributable to a month will occur as part of the provisional payment
      on the 30th of such month pursuant to Section 5.02(b).  Pinnacle will
      be responsible for providing Delta with a copy of all third party
      invoices and evidence of payment needed to determine the expense
      amount and the timeliness of payment.
 
(a) Equipment Rental Expense – less any performance guarantee payments or 
credits that Pinnacle or Mesaba receives from the manufacturers.
 
(b) Aviation Insurance – Aircraft hull insurance and aviation liability 
insurance, including war risk liability and hull war risk insurance, 
subject to the following:
 
Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s aviation liability insurance (including war risk 
liability) expense shall be the lesser of the expense based on the actual 
rates or *** per Pinnacle or Mesaba Revenue Passenger.  Pinnacle’s and 
Mesaba’s hull insurance (including hull war risk insurance) expense shall 
be the lesser of the expense based on the actual rates or *** per dollar 
($) of Pinnacle and Mesaba Fleet Value.  The margin payment pursuant to 
Section 5.08 or 5.11 shall be based on the foregoing amounts.  If 
Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s actual aviation insurance expense exceeds the 
amounts above, the incremental insurance expense above the foregoing limits 
will be reimbursed by Delta.  In the event that Pinnacle obtains aviation 
insurance coverage as part of Delta’s aviation insurance placement, the 
rates used to determine Pinnacle’s share of the aviation insurance expenses 
shall be the same as the rates used to determine Delta’s expense for such 
insurance.
 
(c) Engine maintenance – Subject to Section 3.11 with respect to the Extra 
Aircraft, the CRJ 200 engine maintenance performed pursuant to the Standard 
Aero Agreement less any warranty payments or credits that Pinnacle 
receives, including but not limited to those from Standard Aero, plus the 
cost of materials and components used in connection with unscheduled 
off-wing maintenance performed by Pinnacle or Mesaba (not including 
maintenance or replacement of line replaceable units or QEC items).  
Pinnacle and Mesaba shall provide to Delta, upon reasonable request, 
documentation detailing the unscheduled event and cost of each of the 
components.  If Delta and Pinnacle agree at any time to have such engine 
work performed elsewhere, the reimbursement amount will be adjusted to take 
into account the cost of the new arrangement.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Delta will not reimburse Pinnacle or Mesaba for engine 
maintenance performed pursuant to the Standard Aero Agreement which is 
accomplished unreasonably in advance of the time such maintenance is 
required in accordance with the Maintenance Program or which is 
accomplished for the sole purpose of satisfying return conditions under the 
Lease.
 

 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(d) Airframe maintenance – Subject to Section 3.11 with respect to the 
Extra Aircraft, the CRJ 200 airframe maintenance performed pursuant to the 
Bombardier Agreement, in each case less any warranty payments or credits 
that Pinnacle or Mesaba receives, including but not limited to those from 
Bombardier.  If Delta and Pinnacle agree at any time to have the 
maintenance work performed other than pursuant to the Bombardier Agreement, 
the reimbursement amount will be adjusted to take into account the cost of 
the new arrangement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Delta will not 
reimburse Pinnacle or Mesaba for airframe maintenance performed pursuant to 
the Bombardier Agreement which is accomplished unreasonably in advance of 
the time such maintenance is required in accordance with the Maintenance 
Program or which is accomplished for the sole purpose of satisfying return 
conditions under the Lease and (ii) any costs associated with the Aircraft 
operated by Mesaba on the Effective Date shall not be reimbursed by Delta 
pursuant to this Section 5.06(d) except that, during the period commencing 
on the Effective Date and ending December 31, 2010, Pinnacle’s Direct Costs 
associated with materials used in performing heavy airframe checks on such 
Aircraft by Mesaba employees shall be reimbursed by Delta pursuant to this 
Section 5.06(d).
 
With respect to heavy airframe maintenance, the parties shall each use 
commercially reasonable efforts to mutually agree on the treatment of heavy 
airframe maintenance expenses relating to the Aircraft operated by Mesaba 
after December 31, 2010.  If the parties are unable to mutually agree on 
such treatment by December 31, 2010, then, until the parties reach 
agreement on such treatment, expenses incurred by Mesaba after December 31, 
2010 with respect to heavy airframe maintenance labor and materials (“Heavy 
Air Frame Maintenance Expense”) relating to the Aircraft operated by Mesaba 
shall be treated as a Direct Expense hereunder, subject to the following 
conditions:
 
    (i)         Pinnacle shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
    minimize such Heavy Air Frame Maintenance Expenses; and
 
    (ii)        To the extent that the labor performing such heavy air
    frame maintenance is also performing other services, then the Heavy Air
    Frame Maintenance Expense shall properly account for the allocation of
    such labor resources.
 
(e) Deicing services and glycol – subject to the provisions of Section 4.02 
and reimbursed accordingly:
 
    (i) Deicing services and glycol at Pinnacle Service Cities, Contracted
    Service Cities and Hub Cities where a contracted agent is performing
    the service.
 
    (ii) Glycol at Pinnacle Service Cities, Contracted Service Cities and
    Hub Cities where Pinnacle or Mesaba performs the deicing function.
 
(f) Maintenance Facilities (with respect to the Aircraft operated by 
Pinnacle only), subject to the provisions of Section 4.03(c).
 
(g) CRJ 200 auxiliary power unit (APU) maintenance expense, CRJ 200 
avionics maintenance expense and CRJ 200 landing gear overhaul expense less 
any warranty payments or credits that Pinnacle or Mesaba receives with 
respect to any of the foregoing expenses.
 

 
49
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(h) Hub City facility charges pursuant to Exhibit G.
 
(i) Airport security-related equipment maintenance expenses and personnel 
expenses incurred by Pinnacle and Mesaba pursuant to Section 4.05 less any 
government reimbursement for such expenses.
 
(j) Landing fees.
 
(k) Property taxes, subject to the provisions of Section 8.03 less the 
amounts of any refunds, subject to the provisions of Section 8.04.
 
(l) Air navigation fees.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Delta will not reimburse Pinnacle for any 
late payment charges, penalties and/or fees which Pinnacle or Mesaba incurs 
in connection with payment of the expenses listed above.
 
      Section 5.07 Billing.  Delta and Pinnacle shall bill each other on a
      monthly basis in respect of amounts owed to each other under this
      Agreement not contemplated under Section 5.02.  If such billed items
      are not paid by the Party within sixty (60) days of the statement
      date, the aggregate amount of undisputed items may be offset against
      or included in the next scheduled wire transfer pursuant to Section
      5.02(b).  Disputed amounts must be paid when the dispute is resolved, 
      provided that such amount may be set off against or included in the
      next scheduled wire transfer pursuant to Section 5.02(b) if the
      formerly disputed amount is not paid within seven (7) days of
      resolution.  Delta may also offset against the next scheduled wire
      transfer pursuant to Section 5.02(b) the amount of any payment
      (including those under any Lease) with respect to which Pinnacle
      shall have defaulted and shall have failed to cure before the
      expiration of any applicable grace period.
 
      Section 5.08 Monthly Margin Calculation and Payment.  Subject to 
      Section 3.11 with respect to the Extra Aircraft, effective January 1,
      2007, the monthly Margin Payment shall be calculated as follows:
 
Monthly Margin Payment = (payments due to Pinnacle pursuant to Sections 
5.03, 5.04 and 5.06) * ***
 
      Section 5.09 Reserved.
 
      Section 5.10 Rate Adjustments.  Subject to Section 5.10(e), for the
      calendar year 2006 and thereafter, the Block Hour, Cycle, and Fixed
      Cost Rates will be adjusted as described below.
 
(a) Reserved.
 
(b) Reserved.
 

 
50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) Subject to Section 5.10(d), the Block Hour Rate for 2011 shall be 
adjusted by multiplying the Block Hour Rate for 2010 as set forth in 
Section 5.03(a) by the sum of 1 + CPPI and the Block Hour Rate for any year 
thereafter (other than any year in which such rate is re-set in accordance 
with Section 5.10(e)) shall be adjusted by multiplying the Block Hour Rate 
for the prior year by the sum of 1 + CPPI.  The Cycle Rates for 2011 shall 
be adjusted by multiplying the applicable Cycle Rate for 2010 as set forth 
in Section 5.03(b) by the sum of 1 + CPPI and the Cycle Rates for any year 
thereafter (other than any year in which such rate is re-set in accordance 
with Section 5.10(e)) shall be adjusted by multiplying the Cycle Rate for 
the prior year by the sum of 1 + CPPI; provided, however, with respect to 
the Cycle Rate for Delta Service Cities, *** of the Base Cycle Rate will 
remain flat, and the remainder will be adjusted by multiplying by (1+CPPI).
 
    (i) (d)           Pilot Integration.1  ***
 
(e) The payment rates and mechanisms set forth in Sections 5.02 through 
5.06 will be re-set every fifth year through good faith negotiations, 
commencing with the rates effective for 2013, utilizing a payment 
methodology consistent with the methodology utilized during the prior five 
(5) year period; provided, however, that (i) with respect to the rate 
re-set effective for 2013, any adjustments in such rates shall not include 
any of the *** and (ii) with respect to each such rate re-set, any 
increment above market pay rates for Pinnacle’s employees, per the Parity 
Pay Agreement in Exhibit I, will not be considered in re-setting such 
rates.  Such reset rates with respect to each such rate re-set shall 
reflect the estimated cost structure of Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s operations 
and incorporate synergies achieved or expected to be achieved by Pinnacle 
Corp. and/or any Affiliate of Pinnacle Corp.  Only the Direct Costs 
associated with the provision of Regional Airline Services pursuant to this 
Agreement will be considered in any such rate re-setting, and the cost of 
any shared services will be pooled at the appropriate level and allocated 
using an appropriate driver (for example, corporate overhead would be 
pooled at the holding company level and allocated to all operations under 
the holding company).  The rates for the years between each adjustment year 
will be determined by multiplying the prior year’s rates by (1 + CPPI).
 
(f) In the event the Parties are unable to reach agreement on new payment 
rates and mechanisms through good faith negotiations, the rates will be set 
utilizing the following procedure:  (i) the Parties shall attempt to agree 
upon an impartial industry expert to act as sole arbitrator, provided that 
if the Parties are unable to agree upon an expert to so act, each Party 
shall appoint an expert, and the two experts so appointed shall appoint a 
third expert; (ii) each Party shall submit a set of proposed rates to the 
arbitrator(s); and (iii) the arbitrator(s) shall choose a set of rates from 
those submitted without modifying either.
 
      Section 5.11 Reserved.
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1

 
51
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 5.12 Revised Annual Margin Adjustment Payment.  Effective for
      2008 and each calendar year thereafter, the Parties will calculate
      Pinnacle’s Margin in accordance with Section 5.12(a) and, if required
      pursuant to Section 5.12(b) below, one Party will make a Margin
      Adjustment Payment to the other Party.
 
(a) Calculation of the Total Operating Cost and the Margin.  Not later than 
ninety (90) days following the end of 2008 and each subsequent calendar 
year during the Term, Pinnacle shall deliver to Delta its audited financial 
statements including the calculation of its operating margin for Regional 
Airline Services provided under this Agreement for the prior year (the “
Margin”) by dividing (x) Pinnacle’s Total Operating Income for Regional 
Airline Services for such year by (y) Pinnacle’s Total Operating Revenue 
for Regional Airline Services for such year, subject to the following:
 
In calculating the Margin, the amount of any penalties (accounted for as a 
reduction to revenue) pursuant to Section 5.05, Section 5.13 and/or 
Section 5.14 below will not be included in Pinnacle’s Total Operating 
Revenue, and the following expenses will not be included in Pinnacle’s 
Total Operating Cost:
 
    (i) Increment above predicted employee bonuses and incentives as set
    forth in Exhibit J hereto.  Predicted bonus and incentive levels are
    the amounts used in calculating the Block Hour, Cycle and Fixed cost
    rates for 2007, grown each year by multiplying by (1 + CPPI).
 
    (ii) The amount of any penalties pursuant to Section 5.14 (if not
    accounted for as a reduction to revenue).
 
    (iii) The amount of any depreciation expense associated with capital
    expenditures in excess of $250,000 which are designated by Delta as 
    Section 5.13(a)(iii) items because Delta has determined that such
    capital expenditures are not necessary after taking into consideration
    the Annual Operating Plan and Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s obligations under
    this Agreement, within seventy-five (75) days after receiving written
    notice from Pinnacle of such capital expenditure pursuant to Section
    6.01(a)(iv) below.
 
    (iv) The amount of any Fuel Burn Penalty Payment pursuant to Section
    5.05(d) (if not accounted for as a reduction to revenue).
 
    (v) The amount of any asset write-downs (excluding normal depreciation)
    or extraordinary charges as defined by GAAP.
 
    (vi) The amount of any fines or penalties paid by Pinnacle, Mesaba or
    any of their respective Affiliates to any governmental entity.
 
    (vii) The CRJ 200 Aircraft and Spare Engine return costs including
    termination costs incurred by Pinnacle or Mesaba pursuant to Section
    3.02(b) above.
 

 
52
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (viii) The amount of any late payment charges, penalties and/or fees
    incurred by Pinnacle, Mesaba or any of their respective Affiliates.
 
    (ix) The amount of any payment from Pinnacle to Delta pursuant to 
    Section 5.13 (if not accounted for as a reduction to revenue).
 
    (x) The amount of any non-recurring items or adjustments relating to
    Northwest’s bankruptcy or the bankruptcy of Mesaba in the United States
    Bankruptcy Court for the District of Minnesota.
 
The Margin shall be expressed as a decimal rounded to the fourth place.  
The calculation of the Margin shall be derived from Pinnacle’s reported 
financial statements for such year and shall be determined in accordance 
with GAAP.
 
(b) Annual Adjustment to Margin Payment.  With respect to each calendar 
year effective 2008, if the Margin is greater than ***  but less than or 
equal to ***, Delta shall receive from Pinnacle an amount determined as 
follows:
 
       PDL = (Rev – [Total Operating Cost ***/ 2
 
       where,
 
       PDL is the amount payable to Delta,
 
       Rev is Total Operating Revenue for Regional Airline Services for the
       applicable calendar year excluding the items listed in Section
       5.12(a), and
 
       Total Operating Cost excludes items i-x in Section 5.12(a) above.
 
With respect to each calendar year effective 2008, if the Margin is greater 
than ***, Delta shall receive from Pinnacle an amount determined as 
follows:
 
       PDL = (Rev – [Total Operating Cost ***
 
       where,
 
       PDL is the amount payable to Delta,
 
       Rev is Total Operating Revenue for Regional Airline Services for the
       applicable calendar year excluding the items listed in Section
       5.12(a), and
 
       Total Operating Cost excludes items i-x in Section 5.12(a) above.
 
An amount payable pursuant to this Section 5.12(b) is a “Margin Adjustment 
Payment.”  Delta shall add in or setoff, as appropriate, any Margin 
Adjustment Payment in the next wire transfer due to Pinnacle.
 

 
53
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) Audit of Total Operating Cost and the Margin.  Delta shall have the 
right to audit the calculation of the Total Operating Cost, the Margin and 
the Margin Adjustment Payment, and shall report any disputes to Pinnacle.  
Any dispute not reported to Pinnacle in writing within ninety (90) days of 
the receipt of the audited financial statements and Margin calculation by 
Delta shall be deemed waived.  The payment in respect of any dispute shall 
be handled as a disputed amount in accordance with Section 5.07.
 
      Section 5.13 Non-Scheduled Flight Refund.  With respect to each
      calendar year during the Term, Delta shall within thirty (30) days
      from the receipt of the final Block Hour and Cycle Report received
      pursuant to Section 5.02 for the immediately preceding year,
      calculate and notify Pinnacle of the ratio of actual Block Hours for
      Non-Scheduled Flights to actual Block Hours for Scheduled Flights and
      the ratio of actual Cycles for Non-Scheduled Flights to actual Cycles
      for Scheduled Flights.  In the event that either ratio exceeds ***,
      Pinnacle shall remit to Delta (through a set-off of the next amount
      due from the Section 5.02 wire transfer) an amount equal to the
      following:
 
       Refund Calculation:
 
       Actual Block Hours and/or Cycles for Non-Scheduled Flights in excess
       of *** of the actual Block Hours and Cycles for Scheduled Flights,
       respectively, multiplied by the Block Hour Rate and Cycle Rate,
       respectively, in effect for the immediately preceding year pursuant
       to Section 5.03 and as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.10, plus the
       amount of any Margin Payments previously paid by Delta to Pinnacle
       in connection with such excess Block Hours and/or Cycles; provided, 
       however, that no refund will be paid to Delta with respect to
       Non-Scheduled Flights which are Aircraft delivery flights.  For
       purposes of this calculation, the cycle rate used will be the
       average of the then applicable Cycle Rates weighted by the number of
       Cycles in each category in Section 5.03(b).
 
      Section 5.14 Performance Levels and Penalties.
 
(a) Pinnacle and Mesaba shall be subject to certain performance levels and 
penalties with respect to the operation of Scheduled Flights as described 
in this Section 5.14(a) (“Performance Criteria”) which shall be deducted 
from the Block Hour Payment.  If Pinnacle and Mesaba do not achieve the 
performance criterion, then a penalty shall be charged against amounts 
owing to Pinnacle.  Any penalty charge incurred by failing to meet 
Performance Criteria shall be made in the wire transfer due on the 30th day 
of the second month following the end of the Performance Period in question 
pursuant to Section 5.02(b).  The applicable performance levels and 
penalties are as follows:
 

 
54
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (i) Completion Factor (calculated in accordance with Section 2.11(a)):
 
  	
Additional Penalty
 
Penalty
 
Neutral
Performance Level
(*)
(*)
(*)
Penalty per enplaned revenue passenger
***
***
***

       _______________
 
       * The Performance Levels shall be established in accordance with 
       Exhibit E.
 
    (ii) On-Time Factors (calculated in accordance with Section 2.11(b)):
 
       Departure (within zero minutes):
 
  	
Additional Penalty
 
Penalty
 
Neutral
Performance Level
(*)
(*)
(*)
Penalty per enplaned revenue passenger
***
***
***
                      ________________
       * The Performance Levels shall be established in accordance with 
       Exhibit E.
 

       Arrival (within zero Minutes):
 
  	
Additional Penalty
 
Penalty
 
Neutral
Performance Level
(*)
(*)
(*)
Penalty per enplaned revenue passenger
***
***
***
    ________________
    * The Performance Levels shall be established in accordance with 
    Exhibit E.


       In conjunction with Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s on-time arrival
       performance, Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s target block time performance
       (within zero minutes) shall not exceed ***.  If Pinnacle’s and
       Mesaba’s actual block time performance (within zero minutes) exceeds
       ***, Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s actual arrival performance (within zero
       minutes) will be adjusted downward by *** percentage point per 1.0
       percentage point in excess of ***.
 

 
55
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
                                (iii)           Customer Experience/ISM 
(calculated in accordance to Section 2.11(c).  The performance period for 
Customer Satisfaction will be evaluated on a calendar quarter basis:
 
  	
Additional Penalty
 
Penalty
 
Neutral
Performance Level
***
***
***
Penalty per enplaned revenue passenger
***
***
***
    ________________

 
(b) Reconciliation of Performance Standards.  For each Performance Period, 
(i) Delta shall determine the total number of enplaned revenue passengers 
on Scheduled Flights operated by Pinnacle and/or Mesaba, and (ii) Pinnacle 
shall prepare a reconciliation of its actual performance to the targeted 
performance with respect to its completion factor and its on-time factor. 
Such reconciliations will be completed and delivered to Delta within thirty 
(30) days after the end of each Performance Period.  Delta will have the 
right to audit the reconciliation prepared by Pinnacle and shall report any 
discrepancies to Pinnacle.  Any discrepancy not reported in writing within 
sixty (60) days of the end of any Performance Period shall be deemed 
waived.  The payment of in respect of any discrepancy shall be handled as a 
disputed amount in accordance with Section 5.07.
 
(c) Additional Performance Criteria.  During the Term, Delta may propose 
other performance criteria for Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s operations pursuant 
to this Agreement.  The Parties agree that they will meet upon the 
introduction of additional performance levels for Delta’s operations, to 
develop similar performance targets for Pinnacle and Mesaba, taking into 
account the differences in operations between the carriers and Delta, and 
shall use their best commercially reasonable efforts to develop a system of 
performance levels and penalties for Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s performance 
with respect thereto in a manner consistent with the performance standards 
agreed to herein.
 
(d) Adjustments to Performance Standards Goals.  During the Term, the 
Parties recognize and agree the performance standards goals for JFK and LGA 
set forth in Exhibit E may be modified or adjusted by mutual agreement if a 
material change to the schedule structure of the JFK and LGA operation 
exists.  A material structure change to the schedule would be defined as: 
less than *** of the aircraft RONs from LGA and JFK are in a Service City 
with other Aircraft, eliminating the ability to effectively break-out 
Aircraft to/from other Hub Locations.
 

 
56
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 5.15 Pinnacle Change of Control.  In the event a Pinnacle
      Change of Control shall occur, (i) Delta may, at its option, remove
      up to *** of the CRJ-200 Aircraft and related Spare Engines, as
      selected by Delta, from Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s base fleet of one
      hundred forty-one (141) CRJ-200 Aircraft (and related Spare Engines)
      on a schedule designated by Delta in its sole discretion; provided, 
      however, that (A) the Aircraft (and related Spare Engines) shall be
      removed from Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s fleet at a rate of no more
      than one-third of the Aircraft (and related Spare Engines) being
      removed in any twelve month period, and (B) notwithstanding the terms
      of any of the applicable Leases to the contrary, neither Pinnacle nor
      Mesaba shall be required to comply with the return conditions in the
      Leases to the extent that no Event of Default (as defined in the
      Leases) has occurred and is continuing at the time of the Change of
      Control; (ii) Delta may, at its option, extend the Term of the
      Agreement for a period of five (5) years and no rate adjustment
      pursuant to Section 5.10(e) above shall apply during such five (5)
      year period; (iii) the minimum completion factor set forth in 
      Section 2.11(a) of this Agreement shall be increased to ***, and (iv)
      for purposes of Section 2.11 of the Agreement the definition of
      Performance Period shall be amended in its entirety to read as
      follows:  “‛Performance Period’ means a rolling three (3) month
      period during the Term of this Agreement.”
 
      Section 5.16 Credit Card Chargebacks.
 
(a) Pinnacle shall be billed for credit card chargebacks resulting from 
Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s noncompliance with Delta’s credit card 
acceptance procedures.  Delta shall apply the same card acceptance 
procedures and standards to Pinnacle and Mesaba as applied to Delta by 
Delta’s credit card contractors.  Delta will inform Pinnacle in writing 
regarding any material changes in Delta’s agreements with its credit card 
contractors to the extent such changes will impact the procedures and 
standards to be applied by Pinnacle and Mesaba.
 
(b) With respect to all credit card charge forms returned to Pinnacle by 
Delta, Delta will furnish Pinnacle with a complete written explanation of 
the reason therefore accompanied by relevant documentation received from 
the credit card issuer or credit card holder.
 
(c) Upon receipt of a chargeback, Pinnacle shall have a reasonable period 
of time, but not to exceed thirty (30) days, to review the validity of the 
chargeback notice.  If the chargeback is valid (within the scope of the 
circumstances for the chargeback), Pinnacle shall remit to Delta within 
thirty (30) days a gross amount equal to such credit card charge form.  If, 
in Pinnacle’s good faith opinion, the chargeback is not valid, Pinnacle 
will so notify Delta and provide Delta with a complete written explanation 
of the transaction together with any necessary supporting documentation 
within the thirty (30) day period.
 
(d) All revisions to Delta’s credit card acceptance procedures must be in 
writing and must be submitted to Pinnacle at least thirty (30) days in 
advance of the effective date of such procedures or such shorter 
notification period as Delta may utilize in notifying its own personnel.
 

 
57
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 5.17 Returned Checks.
 
(a) Pinnacle shall be billed pursuant to Section 5.07 above for all 
returned checks resulting from Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s non-compliance with 
Delta’s check acceptance procedures.
 
(b) Delta will furnish Pinnacle with a complete written explanation of the 
reason therefore, accompanied with the relevant documentation.
 
(c) Pinnacle shall refund Delta the full amount of the dishonored check 
within thirty (30) days.  If, in Pinnacle’s reasonable opinion, the charge 
is not valid, Pinnacle will so notify Delta and provide Delta with a 
complete written explanation of the transaction together with any necessary 
supporting documentation within the thirty (30) day period.
 
(d) All revisions to Delta’s check acceptance procedures will be in writing 
and will be submitted to Pinnacle at least thirty (30) days in advance of 
the effective date of such procedures or such shorter notification period 
as Delta may utilize in notifying its own personnel.
 
      Section 5.18 Fixed Cost Sharing Payments.  The Parties hereby agree
      that, in consideration of fixed cost sharing occurring prior to the
      Effective Date, Delta shall be entitled to (i) deduct from amounts
      otherwise owed to Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.02 of this Agreement
      an amount equal to ***, which shall be deducted from Delta’s December
      30, 2010 provisional payment; and (ii) deduct from amounts otherwise
      owed to Pinnacle pursuant to Section 5.02 of this agreement a total
      of ***, which shall be deducted in twenty-four (24) monthly
      installments of *** each from Delta’s monthly final wire payment for
      each of the months in 2011 and 2012.
 
      Section 5.19 Heavy Maintenance Payments.  During the period
      commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2010,
      Delta shall reimburse Pinnacle for Mesaba’s Direct Costs associated
      with labor costs for Mesaba employees performing heavy airframe
      maintenance in an amount equal to *** per month for July, August,
      September and October, and *** per month for November and December,
      such reimbursement to be paid in the final wire payment to be made on
      the 15th of each month pursuant to Section 5.02.  Any payment
      pursuant to this Section 5.19 shall not be considered in calculating
      the monthly Margin Payment pursuant to Section 5.08.
 

 
58
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 5.20 Additional Payments.   During the applicable period
      stated below, Delta shall make certain additional monthly payments to
      Pinnacle calculated in accordance with this Section 5.20 but solely
      with respect to the Aircraft operated by Mesaba during such period
      and, with respect to (a) and (b) only, the Mesaba Extra Aircraft,
      such payments to be made in the final wire payment payable by Delta
      to Pinnacle on the 15th of each month during the Term in accordance
      with Section 5.02.  Each such additional payment shall be at the
      following rates for 2010 and, for 2011 and each calendar year
      thereafter, at the rate set forth below for the immediately preceding
      calendar year multiplied by (1 + CPPI).  Any payment pursuant to this
      Section 5.20 shall not be considered in calculating the monthly
      Margin Payment pursuant to Section 5.08.
 
(a) Additional Pilot Block Hour Payment - During the period commencing on 
the Effective Date and ending on the date of the Pilot Rate Trigger, an 
additional Block Hour Payment calculated in accordance with Section 5.02(b) 
at a rate per Block Hour of ***;
 
(b) Additional Other Block Hour Payment – During the period commencing on 
the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2012, an additional Block 
Hour Payment calculated in accordance with Section 5.02(b) at a rate per 
Block Hour of ***; and
 
(c) Additional Aircraft Day Payment – During the period commencing on the 
Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2012, an additional payment equal 
to the number of Monthly ACDs (as defined in Section 5.04) multiplied by 
***.
 
ARTICLE VI
 

 
REPORTING OBLIGATIONS, AUDITING,
 
INSPECTIONS AND CONFIDENTIALITY/PUBLICITY
 
      Section 6.01 Reporting Obligations.
 
(a) Certain Notices to Delta.  With respect to the Regional Airline 
Services operated pursuant to this Agreement, Pinnacle shall give prompt 
written notice to Delta of (i) any litigation involving an uninsured claim 
of more than $1,000,000 against Pinnacle and/or Mesaba, (ii) any proceeding 
before any governmental agency which, if adversely determined, would 
materially and adversely affect Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s financial condition, 
affairs, operations or prospects, including but not limited to any 
significant FAA enforcement or civil penalty action, (iii) any other matter 
which would materially and adversely affect the financial condition, 
affairs, operations or prospects of Pinnacle or Mesaba or either carrier’s 
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and (iv) any 
proposed extraordinary capital expenditures and all capital expenditures in 
excess of $250,000.  Pinnacle shall also provide Delta the reports 
specified in Section 2.11(a) above and shall report to Delta not later than 
the last day of each month its completion factor and on-time factor for the 
prior month with respect to the Scheduled Flights operated pursuant to this 
Agreement.
 

 
59
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Financial and Reporting Covenants.  Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle and Mesaba 
shall promptly provide to Delta notice of and adequate information 
regarding any material weaknesses or reportable conditions noted in any 
management letters received by any such company from its independent 
auditors and the company’s responses thereto.  With respect to the Regional 
Airline Services operated pursuant to this Agreement, Pinnacle Corp., 
Pinnacle and all Affiliates of Pinnacle Corp. shall also provide Delta with 
monthly financial statements, annual expense budgets and periodic business 
plans and related projections.
 
(c) Certain Notices to Pinnacle.  Delta shall report to Pinnacle not later 
than the last day of each month the number of incidences of mishandled 
luggage, the number of customer complaints for the previous month or any 
other information necessary for Pinnacle or Mesaba to comply with the 
reporting requirements of the Department of Transportation and related to 
the Regional Airline Services provided hereunder.  Upon the reasonable 
prior written request by Pinnacle, Delta shall make available its books and 
records related to incidences of mishandled luggage, customer complaints or 
any other information necessary for Pinnacle or Mesaba to comply with the 
reporting requirements of the Department of Transportation and  in 
connection with the Regional Airline Services provided hereunder.
 
      Section 6.02 Audits.
 
(a) Compliance Audits.  Upon the reasonable prior written request by Delta, 
Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle and Mesaba shall make available for inspection by 
Delta their respective books and the books of all of their Subsidiaries and 
Affiliates, including but not limited to general ledger backup (monthly) 
for financial statements and records, to the extent that such books and 
records relate to the provision of Regional Airline Services operated 
pursuant to this Agreement, and otherwise to the extent reasonably 
necessary to audit Pinnacle Corp.’s, Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s compliance 
with the terms hereof. Delta shall also be entitled to make copies and 
notes of such information as it deems necessary and to discuss such records 
and the finances and accounts of Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle and Mesaba with 
each Company’s Chief Financial Officer or other employee or agent of 
Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle knowledgeable about such records.
 
(b) Inventory Audits.  At Delta’s request, during the Term Pinnacle and 
Delta shall conduct an annual inventory audit of all spare parts, tooling 
and ground support equipment owned by Delta and leased to Pinnacle or 
Mesaba or owned by Delta and supplied to Pinnacle or Mesaba.  Such audit 
shall not be requested more than one time per calendar year.  In conducting 
such audit, the Parties shall tabulate the quantity and type of all spare 
parts and ground support equipment including recognition of spare parts and 
ground support equipment which were scrapped in the preceding year(s). Such 
audit, when completed and agreed to by the Parties, shall be final.
 

 
60
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 6.03 Inspections.  Delta shall be entitled to conduct on-site
      observations of Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s in-flight service, flight,
      maintenance, technical operations, gate-check in service, ground
      operations, Aircraft cleaning and any and all other services and
      operations performed under this Agreement to monitor Pinnacle’s and
      Mesaba’s operations in the same manner as similar functions are
      evaluated at Delta.  The purpose of such inspections shall be to
      determine Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s compliance with applicable
      Governmental Regulations, state and local laws, equipment
      manufacturer’s instructions and the standards established by this
      Agreement.  Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s operations will be evaluated
      according to the same standards as Delta taking into account the
      differences in size and operational capabilities between the
      airlines.  Such inspections may be announced or unannounced, but
      under no circumstances shall they interfere with the operation of
      Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s business.  Delta shall report the findings of
      any such inspection to Pinnacle in writing.  Pinnacle or Mesaba shall
      provide a timely written response detailing a plan of corrective
      action to remedy any deficiencies noted in an inspection.  If any
      deficiency comes to the attention of Pinnacle or Mesaba through
      audits or any other means, Pinnacle or Mesaba (as applicable) shall
      take immediate corrective action.
 
      Section 6.04 Confidentiality/Publicity.  Each of the Parties agrees
      that, except as otherwise required by Governmental Regulations or any
      other applicable law, it shall not disclose to others and shall keep
      confidential the terms of this Agreement and any confidential,
      non-public information concerning the other Parties that it obtains
      as a result of or pursuant to this Agreement.  Neither Pinnacle
      Corp., Pinnacle, Mesaba or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing
      shall  issue any press release or public announcement relating to new
      Scheduled Flights, the cessation of Scheduled Flights in any Service
      City, schedule changes, customer initiatives, marketing programs or
      promotions, without Delta’s prior written approval of the press
      release or public announcement.  In any such press release or public
      announcement, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall identify themselves as a
      Delta Connection carrier.
 
ARTICLE VII
 

 
DELTA IDENTIFICATION
 
      Section 7.01 Identification License.  Delta hereby grants to Pinnacle
      and Mesaba a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable
      license to use the DL Identification in connection with the operation
      of the Regional Airline Services as authorized hereunder.
 
      Section 7.02 Designator License.  Delta hereby grants to Pinnacle and
      Mesaba a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license
      to use the Designator in connection with the operation of the
      Scheduled Flights as authorized hereunder.
 

 
61
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 7.03 New Identifications.  From time to time in its sole
      discretion, Delta may change any DL Identifications and/or
      Designators upon notice to Pinnacle.  After receipt of such notice,
      Pinnacle and Mesaba shall, as soon as practicable, but no later than
      thirty (30) days thereafter, commence use solely of the new DL
      Identifications and/or Designators and cease all use of any
      superseded ones.  Delta shall reimburse Pinnacle and Mesaba for the
      reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Pinnacle and Mesaba in
      making such changes.
 
      Section 7.04 Use of Identification.  Delta shall have exclusive
      control over the use and display of all DL Identifications and
      Designators, and each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall comply with all
      policies and guidelines of Delta in this regard.  Pinnacle and Mesaba
      shall use the DL Identifications and Designators in good faith, in a
      dignified manner and in compliance with good trademark practice. 
      Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall use the DL Identifications and
      Designators exactly as prescribed by Delta, and shall not use (a) any
      stylization, abbreviation or variation thereof or (b) the DL
      Identifications and Designators in connection or combination with any
      other Identification, in each case, without Delta’s prior written
      consent, which may be withheld in its sole discretion.
 
      Section 7.05 Quality Control.  Pinnacle and Mesaba shall use the DL
      Identifications and Designators only in connection with products and
      services that comply with the high standards of quality associated
      with Delta. At Delta’s request, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall submit
      representative samples to Delta of all uses by Pinnacle and Mesaba of
      the DL Identifications and Designators pursuant to this Agreement,
      including Sections 2.02, 4.03(f), 4.07(d) and 4.09(e).  Pinnacle and
      Mesaba shall receive the prior written approval of Delta for any new
      uses of the DL Identifications and Designators, including on any
      advertising and promotional materials.  Once such approval is
      received, Pinnacle and Mesaba do not need to resubmit such materials
      for approval unless they contain non-trivial modifications.
 
      Section 7.06 Reservation of Rights.  All rights not expressly granted
      to Pinnacle or Mesaba hereunder are expressly reserved by Delta,
      including without limitation the right to use or license others to
      use any DL Identifications or Designators.  Neither Pinnacle nor
      Mesaba shall use the DL Identification or Designator except as
      expressly authorized herein, and has no right to use any other
      Identification of Delta other than the specific DL Identification in
      the exact form prescribed by Delta from time to time.
 
      Section 7.07 Ownership.  Pinnacle and Mesaba hereby acknowledge that,
      as between the Parties, Delta is the sole owner of the names “Delta”
      and “ Delta Connection,” the initials “DL,” and any Designators or DL
      Identifications related thereto or otherwise licensed to Pinnacle or
      Mesaba hereunder.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba agrees not to directly
      or indirectly question attack, contest or impugn the validity and/or
      Delta’s rights in the Designators and DL Identifications, including
      without limitation by attempting to register title to or any
      intellectual property rights in same or by participating in any
      action or proceeding adverse to Delta in this regard.  Pinnacle and
      Mesaba agree to cooperate fully with Delta in all actions to enforce,
      police and defend Delta’s rights in the Designators and DL
      Identifications, subject to reimbursement for its out-of-pocket
      expenses.
 

 
62
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 7.08 Termination.  Should this Agreement expire or terminate
      for any reason, the licenses in Sections 7.01 and 7.02 shall
      immediately terminate (although Sections 7.07 and 7.08 shall
      survive), and Pinnacle and Mesaba shall promptly, but in any event
      within ninety (90) days (one hundred twenty (120) days with respect
      to any distinctive color scheme), take all such actions as may be
      necessary to change its facilities, equipment, uniforms, supplies and
      other materials to cease all use of any Designators and DL
      Identifications and to avoid any customer confusion or the suggestion
      or appearance that Pinnacle or Mesaba continues to have an operating
      relationship with Delta.
 
      Section 7.09 Bankruptcy.  The Parties intend that the identity of
      Pinnacle and Mesaba as the licensee hereunder is a material condition
      to Delta’s granting of the licenses in 7.01 and 7.02, and that this
      Agreement should be construed overall as a contract for the personal
      services of Pinnacle and Mesaba.  Therefore, in the event Pinnacle or
      Mesaba becomes subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, the Parties intend
      that this Agreement shall not be assumed and/or assigned by Pinnacle,
      Mesaba or their respective representatives without Delta’s consent.
 
ARTICLE VIII
 

 
TAXES AND FEES
 
      Section 8.01 Taxes and Fees.
 
(a) Pinnacle shall be liable for and pay the amount of any taxes (other 
than Ticket Taxes and Fees which are addressed separately in Section 8.02 
below), duties, license fees, assessments, and other charges, together with 
any interest and penalties thereon, levied, assessed, or imposed by any 
federal, foreign, state or local taxing or airport authority related or 
attributable to (i) the property owned or used by Pinnacle or Mesaba, and 
(ii) the performance of Regional Airline Services pursuant to this 
Agreement.
 
(b) Excluded from the coverage of Section 8.01(a) are any taxes based on 
the net income of Delta.
 
      Section 8.02 Ticket Taxes and Fees.
 
(a) For all sales by Pinnacle and Mesaba using Delta ticket stock or air 
waybills, Pinnacle shall be responsible for (i) collecting all Ticket Taxes 
and Fees, and (ii) remitting such Ticket Taxes and Fees to Delta at the 
same time as the revenues to which the Ticket Taxes and Fees relate are 
received by Delta.  Delta then shall be responsible for remitting to the 
appropriate governmental entities and taxing authorities Ticket Taxes and 
Fees remitted by Pinnacle to Delta.
 

 
63
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 
Delta and its current or former officers, directors, employees, agents, and 
its affiliates (the “DL Indemnitees”) from and against all assessments or 
payments for Ticket Taxes and Fees related to all sales by Pinnacle or 
Mesaba using Delta ticket stock or air waybills, and any interest and/or 
penalties related thereto.  This indemnification specifically includes, but 
is not limited to, assessments or payments under Sections 4261, 4263, 4271, 
4291, 6662, 6672, 6861 or 7275 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and any successor provisions.  Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba further 
agrees as part of this indemnification to reimburse the DL Indemnitees for 
any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys’ fees and 
expenses, the DL Indemnitees have incurred in connection with any such 
assessment or payment.  The obligations of Pinnacle and Mesaba under this 
Section 8.02(b) shall remain in effect and shall survive without limitation 
the termination of this Agreement.
 
      Section 8.03 Property Tax, Fuel Tax, and Sales and Use Tax Compliance
      .
 
(a) On the date thirty (30) days after Delta hires an appropriate 
individual to prepare Pinnacle and/or Mesaba property tax returns (the “
Commencement Date”), Delta shall become responsible for administering 
Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s property taxes, both real property and personal 
property.  Delta shall be responsible for notifying Pinnacle and/or Mesaba 
in writing of the Commencement Date.  As of the Commencement Date, Delta 
shall prepare all property tax returns once the appropriate information is 
gathered by Pinnacle, Mesaba and Delta.  Delta shall prepare the property 
tax returns with the same care, diligence, and expertise used in filing the 
property tax returns of Delta. As of the Commencement Date, Delta also 
shall be responsible for (i) the review of Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s property 
tax assessment notices and accompanying workpapers, and the resolution of 
any disputes regarding such notices; (ii) the review of Pinnacle’s and 
Mesaba’s property tax bills; (iii) the preparation and filing of any 
property tax refund claims; and (iv) the management of any audits of 
Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s property taxes.  The Parties shall cooperate to 
ensure that Pinnacle’s and/or Mesaba’s property tax returns, refund claims, 
and property tax bills are reviewed and signed by the properly authorized 
individual(s).  Depending on who signs the property tax returns or refund 
claims, the Parties shall cooperate to ensure the timely filing of such 
property tax returns and refund claims.
 
(b) With respect to fuel taxes, the Parties shall cooperate to ensure that 
Pinnacle and Mesaba are filing appropriate fuel tax returns and refund 
claims to minimize Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s taxes.  Delta shall determine 
which entity, Delta or Pinnacle/Mesaba, shall be responsible for preparing 
and filing appropriate fuel tax returns and refund claims.  Unless Delta 
determines otherwise and notifies Pinnacle in writing, Pinnacle and/or 
Mesaba shall be responsible for all Pinnacle/Mesaba fuel tax filings and 
payments.  Upon the request of Delta, Delta shall be entitled to review any 
actual or proposed Pinnacle or Mesaba fuel tax filings.  Pinnacle and 
Mesaba shall notify Delta of the commencement of any fuel tax audit. Prior 
to resolving any fuel tax audit, Pinnacle or Mesaba shall receive approval 
from Delta to resolve any such audit.
 

 
64
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) With respect to sales and use taxes, Delta and Pinnacle/Mesaba shall 
cooperate to ensure that Pinnacle and Mesaba are filing appropriate sales 
and use tax returns and refund claims to minimize Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s 
taxes.  Delta shall determine which entity, Delta or Pinnacle/Mesaba, shall 
be responsible for preparing and filing appropriate sales and use tax 
returns and refund claims.  Unless Delta determines otherwise and notifies 
Pinnacle in writing, Pinnacle shall be responsible for all Pinnacle and 
Mesaba sales and use tax filings and payments.  Upon the request of Delta, 
Delta shall be entitled to review any actual or proposed Pinnacle and 
Mesaba sales and use tax filings. Pinnacle and Mesaba shall notify Delta of 
the commencement of any sales or use tax audit. Prior to resolving any 
sales or use tax audit, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall receive approval from 
Delta to resolve any such audit.
 
(d) To the extent requested by Delta, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall cooperate 
with Delta to minimize Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s property, fuel, excise, 
sales, use, value-added, or similar transactional taxes.  Pinnacle and 
Mesaba shall in good faith and using reasonable best efforts supply Delta 
with such information and documents reasonably requested by Delta to 
minimize Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s property, fuel, excise, sales, use, 
value-added, or similar transactional taxes.  Unless Delta determines 
otherwise, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall use its reasonable best efforts to 
seek any and all applicable refunds or credits of excise, sales, use, 
value-added, or similar transactional taxes paid by Pinnacle or Mesaba.
 
      Section 8.04 Refunds of Tax.  To the extent Delta prepares and/or is
      responsible for pursuing any refunds or refund claims related to
      Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s fuel, excise, sales, use, value-added or
      similar transactional taxes, Delta shall be entitled to retain one
      hundred percent (100%) of the amount of any such refund, credit or
      other benefit.  To the extent Pinnacle or Mesaba prepares or is
      responsible for pursuing any such refunds or refund claims, Pinnacle
      and Mesaba, together, shall retain thirty percent (30%) of the amount
      of any such refund, credit or other benefit (inclusive of interest)
      it receives, and the remaining seventy percent (70%) (inclusive of
      interest) shall be paid to Delta within ten (10) days of its receipt
      or recognition of benefit by Pinnacle or Mesaba.  Any refunds,
      credits or other benefits received related to Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s
      property taxes will be retained by Pinnacle and Mesaba and will act
      to reduce Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s direct expenses pursuant to 
      Section 5.06(l).
 
ARTICLE IX
 

 
LIABILITY, INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
 
      Section 9.01 Independent Contractor.
 

 
65
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(a) Except for the limited purpose described in Section 5.01 hereof, 
Pinnacle and Mesaba shall act as independent contractors.  The employees, 
agents and/or independent contractors of Pinnacle and Mesaba engaged in 
performing any of the services Pinnacle and/or Mesaba is obligated to 
perform pursuant to this Agreement shall be employees, agents and 
independent contractors of Pinnacle or Mesaba for all purposes and under no 
circumstances shall employees, agents or independent contractors of 
Pinnacle or Mesaba be deemed to be employees, agents or independent 
contractors of Delta.  Except for the limited purpose described in Section 
5.01 hereof, in its performance of obligations under this Agreement, 
Pinnacle and Mesaba shall act, for all purposes, as an independent 
contractor and not as an agent for Delta.  Delta shall have no supervisory 
power or control over any employees, agents or independent contractors 
engaged by Pinnacle or Mesaba in connection with Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s 
performance of its obligations hereunder, and all complaints or requested 
changes in procedure shall, in all events, be transmitted by Delta to a 
designated representative of Pinnacle or Mesaba.  Nothing contained in this 
Agreement is intended to limit or condition Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s control 
over its operation or the conduct of its business as an air carrier, and 
Pinnacle and Mesaba assumes all risks of financial losses which may result 
from the operation of the air services to be provided by Pinnacle and 
Mesaba hereunder.
 
(b) Delta shall act as an independent contractor.  The employees, agents 
and/or independent contractors of Delta engaged in performing any of the 
services Delta is to perform pursuant to this Agreement shall be employees, 
agents and independent contractors of Delta for all purposes and under no 
circumstances shall employees, agents and independent contractors of Delta 
be deemed to be employees, agents or independent contractors of Pinnacle or 
Mesaba.  In performing its obligations under this Agreement, Delta shall 
act, for all purposes, as an independent contractor and not as an agent for 
Pinnacle or Mesaba.  Neither Pinnacle nor Mesaba shall have any supervisory 
power or control over any employees, agents or independent contractors 
engaged by Delta in connection with the performance of its obligations 
hereunder, and all complaints or requested changes in procedure shall, in 
all events, be transmitted by Pinnacle or Mesaba to a designated 
representative of Delta.  Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended 
to limit or condition Delta’s control over its operation or the conduct of 
its business as an air carrier.
 

 
66
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 9.02 Indemnification.
 
(a) Each Party assumes full responsibility for any and all liability to its 
own officers, employees or agents on account of injury or death resulting 
from or sustained in the performance of their respective services under 
this Agreement.  Each Party shall indemnify, defend, protect, save and hold 
harmless the other Party, its officers, employees, and agents from and 
against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, suits, judgments, damages 
and losses (including the costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith 
and incident thereto) brought against the other Party, its officers, 
employees or agents by or on behalf of any other person, by reason of 
damage to or destruction of property of any such person, or injury to or 
death of such person, caused by or arising out of any act or omission by 
the indemnifying Party occurring while this Agreement is in effect.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Party shall be liable for 
indemnifying the other for claims of third parties if caused by the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the other.  Each Party shall give the 
other Party prompt and timely notice if it has actual knowledge of any 
claim made or suit instituted against the other Party which in any way 
results in indemnification hereunder, and the other Party shall have the 
right to compromise or participate in the defense of such claim or suit to 
the extent of its own interest.
 
(b) Delta shall indemnify Pinnacle and Mesaba against any physical loss of 
or damage to the Aircraft caused by Delta’s negligent operation of ground 
support equipment or other acts or omissions of Delta in performing Ground 
Handling Functions pursuant to Section 4.02 above; provided, however, that 
Delta’s liability shall be limited to any such loss or damage to the 
Aircraft not exceeding the amount of the deductible with respect to such 
Aircraft under Pinnacle’s and Mesaba’s hull risk insurance policy, except 
that loss or damage in respect of any incident below $3,000 shall not be 
indemnified.  For the avoidance of doubt, Delta shall not be liable to 
Pinnacle or Mesaba for any consequential loss or damage arising from 
physical loss of or damage to the Aircraft, and neither Pinnacle nor Mesaba 
shall make any claim against Delta and shall indemnify it against any 
liability in respect of any and all such consequential loss or damage 
howsoever arising.
 
(c) The obligations of Pinnacle, Mesaba and Delta under the indemnity and 
insurance provisions contained herein shall remain in effect and shall 
survive without limitation the termination of this Agreement with respect 
to any occurrence or claims arising during the Term of or in connection 
with this Agreement.
 

 
67
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(d) If Pinnacle and/or Mesaba joins the fuel consortium at a Service City 
(i) Pinnacle and Mesaba shall indemnify Delta against any liabilities, 
claims, demands, suits, judgments, fines, penalties, and actual damages 
(including the costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith and 
incident thereto) brought against Delta, its officers, employees or agents 
by or on behalf of any other person, by reason of Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s 
acts or omissions in connection with or related to its participation in the 
fuel consortium at such Service City and which occur while this Agreement 
is in effect, and (ii) Delta shall indemnify Pinnacle and Mesaba against 
any liabilities, claims, demands, suits, judgments, fines, penalties, and 
actual damages (including the costs, fees and expenses in connection 
therewith and incident thereto) brought against Pinnacle or Mesaba, and 
their respective officers, employees or agents by or on behalf of any other 
person, by reason of the acts or omission of Delta or any other party to 
such fuel consortium in connection with or related to the participation of 
Delta or such other party in the fuel consortium at such Service City and 
which occur while this Agreement is in effect.  Except as set forth in this 
Section 9.02(d), in all other respects the terms of the Agreement regarding 
relative liabilities and indemnification among the Parties hereto govern 
claims, damages, or liabilities caused by or arising from the act or 
omission of any Party hereto.
 
      Section 9.03 Insurance.
 
(a) Each of Pinnacle and Mesaba agrees, at its sole expense, to maintain in 
full force and effect the following insurance coverage with respect to 
Regional Airline Services:
 
    (i) Workers’ compensation and occupational disease insurance, subject
    to the laws of the states wherein this Agreement is being performed. 
    Such coverage shall include employers liability insurance with a
    minimum limit of $1,000,000 per incident.
 
    (ii) Comprehensive aviation bodily injury and property damage liability
    insurance with limits of not less than *** combined single limit per
    occurrence (or such other minimum amount as may be reasonably requested
    by Delta from time to time), including, but not limited to, aircraft
    liability, passenger legal liability, premises and property damage
    liability, hangar keepers liability and baggage and cargo liability. 
    Such insurance shall include personal injury and contractual liability,
    and shall also include war risk and allied perils, hijack and
    confiscation coverage with a limit of not less than $1 billion per
    incident.
 
    (iii) All risk hull insurance on the Aircraft, including hull war risk
    coverage as required by Delta.
 

 
68
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Prior to the commencement of Regional Airline Services under this 
Agreement and at least annually thereafter, certificates of insurance in a 
form satisfactory to Delta shall be delivered to Delta evidencing 
compliance with the insurance terms of this Agreement.  All of the above 
policies shall have deductible amounts as established by Delta, and, in any 
event, all of the above insurance shall be written through an insurance 
company or companies reasonably satisfactory to Delta, and the certificates 
of insurance shall be of a type that unconditionally obligates the insurer 
to notify Delta in writing at least thirty (30) days (or such lesser period 
as may be available for war peril coverage) in advance of the effective 
date in the event of any material change in or cancellation of such 
insurance.  The policies of insurance required by paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
of Section 9.03(a) shall provide coverage for events which occur during the 
policy period, are continuing in nature and not on a claims made basis, and 
shall include endorsements that provide:
 
    (i) That the Underwriters acknowledge that the indemnification and hold
    harmless provisions of this Agreement are insured under Pinnacle’s and
    Mesaba’s blanket contractual liability coverage.
 
    (ii) That Delta, its officers, agents and employees are named as
    additional insureds thereunder.
 
    (iii) That the insurance is primary with respect to the matters within
    such coverage, irrespective of any insurance carried by Delta.
 
    (iv) That with respect to the interest of Delta, the insurance shall
    not be invalidated by any breach of warranty by Pinnacle or Mesaba.
 
    (v) That provide a severability of interest/cross liability
    endorsement.
 
    (vi) That the insurer shall waive its subrogation rights against Delta,
    its officers, agents and employees.
 
    (vii) That any waiver of rights of subrogation against other parties by
    Pinnacle will not affect the coverage provided with respect to Delta.
 
(c) In the event the U.S. Government reimburses Pinnacle, Mesaba or its 
Affiliates for excess insurance costs incurred as a result of the September 
11, 2001 terrorist attacks or other such occurrences, Pinnacle and Mesaba 
will promptly remit such reimbursement, including the applicable Margin 
Payment, if any, to Delta in immediately available funds.
 
(d) ***
 

 
69
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ARTICLE X
 

 
TERM AND TERMINATION
 
      Section 10.01 Term.  The 2003 ASA was made effective as of January 1,
      2003 (the “Initial Effective Date”), and the 2007 Restatement made
      effective as of January 1, 2007.  This Agreement shall become
      effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as
      provided herein, shall continue in effect until December 31, 2017 and
      shall thereafter automatically be extended for successive five (5)
      year renewal periods (each a “Renewal Term”) unless Delta gives not
      less than two years’ advance notice of non-renewal prior to December
      31, 2017 or the commencement of any Renewal Term, in which case the
      Agreement will terminate on December 31, 2017 or the last day of the
      then applicable Renewal Term, as the case may be, such period in
      which this Agreement remains in effect, including any Renewal Terms,
      is hereinafter referred to as the “Term”.
 
      Section 10.02 Termination by Either Party.
 
(a) In the event that Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle or Delta (i) makes a general 
assignment for the benefit of creditors or becomes insolvent, (ii) files a 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, (iii) petitions for or acquiesces in the 
appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer to liquidate or 
conserve its business or any substantial part of its assets, (iv) commences 
under the laws of any competent jurisdiction any proceeding involving its 
insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, readjustment of debt, dissolution, 
liquidation or any other similar proceeding for the relief of financially 
distressed debtors, (v) becomes the object of any proceeding or action of 
the type described in (iii) or (iv) above and such proceeding or action 
remains undismissed or unstayed for a period of at least thirty (30) days, 
or (vi) is divested of a substantial part of its assets for a period of at 
least thirty (30) days, then Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle (in the event the 
foregoing occurs with respect to Delta) or Delta (in the event the 
foregoing occurs with respect to Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle) may by written 
notice terminate this Agreement immediately.
 
(b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.03, in the event of a breach 
of a nonmonetary provision of this Agreement by any Party remaining uncured 
for more than thirty (30) days after receipt of written notification of 
such default by the nondefaulting Party, or in the case of a breach 
requiring more than thirty (30) days notice to cure, the defaulting Party 
does not begin and pursue with due diligence a method of cure within thirty 
(30) days after receipt of written notification specifying in reasonable 
detail the nature of such default from the nondefaulting Party, then the 
nondefaulting Party may terminate this Agreement at its sole option; 
provided, however, in the case of a breach by Pinnacle of Section 2.11(c), 
Delta shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement unless a breach by 
Pinnacle of such section shall remain uncured for a period of ninety (90) 
days or more.
 

 
70
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) In the event of a breach of a monetary provision of this Agreement by 
either Party and such default remaining uncured for more than thirty (30) 
days after receipt of written notification specifying in reasonable detail 
the nature of such default from the nondefaulting Party, then the 
nondefaulting Party may terminate this Agreement at its sole option.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if 
between the Effective Date and March 31, 2011 Delta notifies Pinnacle of 
Delta’s intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 
10.02(c), and the default by Pinnacle or Mesaba giving rise to such notice 
of termination is due to an act or omission of Mesaba occurring prior to 
the Effective Date, then Pinnacle and Mesaba shall have ninety (90) days 
after receipt of such notice to cure such default and if such default is 
not cured within such 90-day period, Delta shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement immediately and at its sole option.
 
      Section 10.03 Termination by Delta.  Notwithstanding the provisions
      of Section 10.02(b), Delta shall have the right to terminate this
      Agreement immediately and at its sole option if:
 
(a) Pinnacle or Mesaba shall default in the payment of any amount due under 
any Lease and such default shall continue for more than the period of 
grace, if any, specified therein and shall not have been waived.
 
(b) Pinnacle or Mesaba shall default with respect to any other terms of any 
Lease, such default shall continue for more than the period of grace, if 
any, specified therein and shall not have been waived.
 
(c) Pinnacle shall fail to comply with the provisions of Section 9.03 and, 
as a result thereof, the insurance required thereunder is not in effect.
 
(d) Pinnacle’s failure to pass, in Delta’s reasonable discretion, a safety 
and codeshare audit to be conducted by Delta, at its sole discretion, at 
any time during the Term of this Agreement.
 
(e) More than fifty percent (50%) of the Aircraft do not operate any 
Scheduled Flights for more than seven (7) consecutive days or twenty-five 
percent (25%) of the Aircraft do not operate any Scheduled Flights for more 
than twenty-one (21) consecutive days, other than as a result of (i) an FAA 
order which grounds all commercial flights of all air carriers or grounds a 
specific Aircraft type of all air carriers, (ii) a scheduling action by 
Delta, or (iii) Delta’s inability to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement as a result of a strike by Delta employees.
 
(f) Pinnacle’s or Mesaba’s FAA or DOT Certification is for any reason 
revoked or otherwise not in full force and effect so as to permit Pinnacle 
or Mesaba to perform the Regional Airline Services required under this 
Agreement.
 
(g) Pinnacle, Mesaba or a Pinnacle Affected Company shall commence 
operating an aircraft type that causes Delta to be in violation of its 
collective bargaining agreement with its pilots as in effect on the 
Effective Date.
 

 
71
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(h) Pinnacle or Mesaba shall default with respect to the material terms of 
any other agreement between Pinnacle or Mesaba and Delta (any such 
agreement, a “Related Party Agreement”), and such default shall continue 
for more than the period of grace, if any, specified therein and shall not 
have been waived; provided, however, that each of (i) the 2007 CRJ-900 
Delta Connection Agreement; (ii) the SAAB Agreement and (iii) the 2010 
CRJ-900 Delta Connection Agreement shall not be a Related Party Agreement 
hereunder until July 1, 2011.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if 
between the Effective Date and March 31, 2011 Delta notifies Pinnacle of 
Delta’s intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.03(b)(but 
only with respect to Leases relating to Aircraft operated by Mesaba), 
10.03(d) or 10.03(f) above, and the default by Pinnacle or Mesaba giving 
rise to such notice of termination is due to an act or omission of Mesaba 
occurring prior to the Effective Date, then Pinnacle and Mesaba shall have 
ninety (90) days after receipt of such notice to cure such default and if 
such default is not cured within such 90-day period, Delta shall have the 
right to terminate this Agreement immediately and at its sole option.
 
Section 10.4                      Effect of Termination.  Termination of 
this Agreement for any reason shall not relieve any Party of rights and 
obligations incurred prior to the effective date of termination.  A Party’s 
right to terminate this Agreement shall be in addition to any other rights 
or remedies, in law or equity, available to such party.
 
ARTICLE XI
 

 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
      Section 11.01 Limitation on Performance.  The obligation of Delta and
      Pinnacle or Mesaba to perform under the terms of this Agreement shall
      be limited or modified by, and no such carrier shall be deemed to be
      in default hereunder as a result of any of the following causes:
 
(a) Acts of God or the public enemy, civil war, insurrections or riots; 
fires, floods, explosions, embargoes, earthquakes or serious accidents, 
epidemics, or quarantine restrictions; any act of government, governmental 
priorities, allocations, orders or Governmental Regulations affecting 
materials or facilities, inability after due and timely diligence to 
procure materials, accessories, equipment or parts; or due to any other 
cause to the extent it is beyond that carrier’s practical control or not 
occasioned by that carrier’s fault or negligence.
 
(b) Cessation, slow-down or interruption of work, or any other labor 
disturbance involving Delta.
 
      Section 11.02 Mutual Cooperation.  Delta, Pinnacle and Mesaba shall
      use their reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each other in
      performing their respective obligations under this Agreement.
 
      Section 11.03 Representations and Warranties.  Except as expressly
      set forth herein, neither Delta, Pinnacle nor Mesaba shall make any
      representations or warranties, expressed or implied, under or in
      connection with this Agreement.
 

 
72
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 11.04 Assignment.  This Agreement may not be assigned by any
      Party without the prior written consent of the other Parties.
 
      Section 11.05 Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed in
      accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, notwithstanding
      the choice of law provisions thereof.
 
      Section 11.06 Interline and Other Agreements.  Delta agrees, to the
      extent it has the right to do so, to permit Pinnacle and Mesaba to
      avail itself of all its rights, privileges and amenities pursuant to
      its interline agreements and all industry trade or other agreements
      between Delta and any other air carriers. Delta shall take all action
      and execute such documents as may be necessary to enable Pinnacle to
      avail itself of the maximum benefits afforded by such agreements. 
      Subject to Delta's prior written approval, Pinnacle and Mesaba may
      enter into interline agreements with air carriers other than those
      air carriers covered by the two preceding sentences.
 
      Section 11.07 Notices.  All notices given hereunder shall be given in
      writing and shall be delivered in person or deposited in the United
      States mail, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
      with adequate postage prepaid, or given by courier, telex, facsimile,
      or other expedient written means, addressed as follows:
 
If to Delta:
Delta Air Lines, Inc.
7500 Airline Drive, C009
Minneapolis, MN 55450-1101
Dept. 915
Attn: Senior Vice President- Delta Connection
Telecopy:  (612) 727-4104
 
  	 
With copies to:
Delta Air Lines, Inc.
1030 Delta Boulevard
Atlanta, GA  30354
Dept. 981
Attn: Senior V.P. and General Counsel
Telecopy:  (404) 715-2233
  	 
If to Pinnacle:
Pinnacle Airlines, Inc.
1689 Nonconnah Parkway
Suite 111
Memphis, Tennessee  38132
Attn:  Chief Financial Officer and
General Counsel
Facsimile No:  901-348-4103

or to such other address as the respective Parties hereto shall designate 
by notice in writing to the other Party.  Notices shall be deemed received 
and given on the date of delivery or the date of refusal of delivery as 
shown by the return receipt.
 

 
73
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
      Section 11.08 Parties.  Except as provided to the contrary herein,
      this Agreement, and the rights and obligations created hereunder,
      shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective
      Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
 
      Section 11.09 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or
      more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all
      of which shall constitute one agreement.
 
      Section 11.10 Severability.  If any term of this Agreement shall be
      judicially determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable at law
      or in equity, it shall be deemed to be void and of no force and
      effect to the extent necessary to bring such term within the
      provisions of any such applicable law or laws, and such terms as so
      modified and the balance of the terms of this Agreement shall remain
      enforceable.
 
      Section 11.11 Captions, Section Headings and Table of Contents. 
      Captions, section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are
      for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement and shall
      not be used in construing it.
 
      Section 11.12 Availability of Equitable Remedies; Procedures.
 
(a) In the event of a breach by either Party of any provision of this 
Agreement, the nonbreaching Party may give notice thereof to the breaching 
Party, which notice shall specify in reasonable detail the nature of the 
breach and shall demand that the breaching Party either cure the breach or 
refrain from conduct constituting the breach (herein the “conduct”), as may 
be applicable.  If (i) the breaching Party has not cured the breach or 
refrained from the conduct, as may be applicable, within ten (10) days 
following receipt of the notice from the nonbreaching Party, or (ii) the 
breaching Party does not begin within ten (10) days following receipt of 
the notice to pursue with reasonable diligence a method of cure or begin to 
take steps toward ceasing the conduct where the breach or conduct is such 
that it requires more than ten (10) days to cure or to cease, as may be 
applicable, then the nonbreaching Party may seek to compel performance by 
the breaching Party in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) 
below.  If, upon receiving a notice contemplated by this paragraph (a), a 
breaching Party believes that a breach has not occurred or that the conduct 
specified in the notice does not constitute a breach of the provisions of 
this Agreement, but the breaching Party nonetheless cures the alleged 
breach or refrains from the conduct within ten (10) days following receipt 
of such notice, such Party may thereafter proceed in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) below to seek a determination of whether a 
breach occurred or whether the specified conduct constituted a breach of 
the provisions of this Agreement.
 

 
74
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Because a breach of the provisions of this Agreement could not 
adequately be compensated by money damages, any Party shall be entitled, 
following notification in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a) 
above, to an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach and to 
specific performance of any provision of this Agreement and, in either 
case, no bond or other security shall be required in connection therewith, 
and the Parties hereby consent to the issuance of such injunction and to 
the ordering of specific performance.  Further, in the event any Party 
refrains from the conduct of any activity alleged in a notice received 
pursuant to paragraph (a) above to constitute a breach of the provisions of 
this Agreement, such Party may thereafter proceed promptly to bring an 
action in the District Court, County of Hennepin, State of Minnesota, for 
an expedited judicial determination as to whether the conduct specified 
constitutes a breach of the provisions of this Agreement and, upon a 
determination that the conduct does not constitute a breach, such Party may 
promptly thereafter recommence such conduct.
 
      Section 11.13 Exhibits.  The Exhibits attached hereto are intended to
      be an integral part of this Agreement and are incorporated into the
      Agreement by reference for all purposes.
 
      Section 11.14 Integration and Entire Agreement.  This Agreement
      (including the Exhibits) and the ancillary documents entered into in
      connection therewith are intended by the Parties as a complete
      statement of the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
      with respect to the subject matter hereof and all matters between the
      Parties related to the subject matter herein and therein set forth. 
      This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written agreement
      between Pinnacle, on the one hand, and Delta, on the other, which
      specifically references this Agreement and expressly provides for
      such amendment.
 
      Section 11.15 Relationship of Parties.  Nothing in this Agreement
      shall be interpreted or construed as establishing between the Parties
      a partnership, joint venture or other similar arrangement.
 
      Section 11.16 2007 Restatement.  The Parties agree that the 2007
      Restatement is hereby amended and restated effective as of the
      Effective Date.  It is the intent of the Parties hereto that all
      rights, privileges, obligations and duties of the Parties arising
      prior to the Effective Date, including the calculation of any amounts
      due to any Party in respect of such period, shall be governed by the
      provisions of the 2007 Restatement; and all rights, privileges,
      obligations and duties of the Parties arising from and after the
      Effective Date, including the calculation of any amounts due to any
      Party in respect of such period, shall be governed by the provisions
      of this Agreement.
 

 
75
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      Section 11.17 Parent Guarantee.
 
(a) Pinnacle Corp. hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to 
Delta the due and punctual performance by Pinnacle and Mesaba of each of 
such Party’s respective obligations, agreements and covenants arising under 
this Agreement and under each term and condition hereof (collectively, the 
“Obligations”).  If Pinnacle or Mesaba shall fail or be unable to perform 
any such Obligation as and when the same shall be required to be performed, 
then Pinnacle Corp., at its sole cost and expense, shall be obligated to 
promptly perform or cause to be promptly performed each such Obligation in 
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.  This guaranty is a guaranty 
of payment, performance and compliance and not of collectibility and is in 
no way conditioned or contingent upon any attempt to collect from or 
enforce performance or compliance by Pinnacle or Mesaba or upon any other 
event or condition whatsoever.  If for any reason any payment Obligation 
amount shall not be paid by Pinnacle or Mesaba when due, Pinnacle Corp. 
shall immediately pay such amount to the person entitled thereto pursuant 
to this Agreement, as if such amount constituted the direct and primary 
obligation of Pinnacle Corp. and regardless of whether any person has taken 
any steps to enforce any rights against such Party to collect such amount.
 
                               (b)     Pinnacle hereby unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees to Delta the due and punctual performance by Mesaba 
of each of Mesaba’s Obligations.  If Mesaba shall fail or be unable to 
perform any such Obligation as and when the same shall be required to be 
performed, then Mesaba, at its sole cost and expense, shall be obligated to 
promptly perform or cause to be promptly performed each such Obligation in 
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.  This guaranty is a guaranty 
of payment, performance and compliance and not of collectibility and is in 
no way conditioned or contingent upon any attempt to collect from or 
enforce performance or compliance by Mesaba or upon any other event or 
condition whatsoever.  If for any reason any payment Obligation amount 
shall not be paid by Mesaba when due, Pinnacle shall immediately pay such 
amount to the person entitled thereto pursuant to this Agreement, as if 
such amount constituted the direct and primary obligation of Pinnacle and 
regardless of whether any person has taken any steps to enforce any rights 
against Mesaba or Pinnacle Corp. to collect such amount.


 
76
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, the obligations 
of Pinnacle Corp. and Pinnacle hereunder shall be absolute and 
unconditional, shall be continuing and remain in full force and effect 
until final and irrevocable payment or performance, and shall not be 
released, discharged, affected or impaired in any respect by: (a) any 
amendment, modification, or cancellation of, or addition or supplement to 
this Agreement; (b) any exercise, acceleration, extension, compromise, 
settlement, non-exercise, waiver, release, or cancellation by Delta of any 
right, remedy, power or privilege under or related to this Agreement or any 
other guaranty of any obligations of either Pinnacle or Mesaba; (c) the 
invalidity or unenforceability, in whole or in part, of this Agreement; (d) 
any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of either 
Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle or Mesaba or any insolvency, bankruptcy, 
reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting either of them or 
their assets; or (e) any other occurrence, circumstance, happening or event 
whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing, whether 
foreseen or unforeseen, and any other circumstance which might otherwise 
constitute a legal or equitable defense, release or discharge of the 
liabilities of a guarantor or surety, or which might otherwise limit 
recourse against Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle.  If acceleration of the time 
for the performance or payment of any Obligation is stayed upon the 
insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of Pinnacle or Mesaba, all 
Obligations that are subject to acceleration under the terms of this 
Agreement shall nonetheless be performed or payable hereunder by Pinnacle 
Corp. or Pinnacle, as applicable.

(d) Each of Pinnacle Corp. and Pinnacle hereby specifically agrees that it 
shall not be necessary or required as a condition to enforcement of the 
obligations hereunder against it, that there be (and each of Pinnacle Corp. 
and Pinnacle, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 
specifically waives) diligence, presentment, or protest of any kind 
whatsoever with respect to the respective guaranty by Pinnacle Corp. and 
Pinnacle or the Obligations; such waiver includes, without limitation: (i) 
presentment for payment upon Pinnacle Corp., Pinnacle or Mesaba or the 
making of any protest; (ii) any requirement to exhaust any remedies 
exercisable upon a default under this Agreement or to give any notice of 
non-performance or non-payment; (iii) any other circumstance whatsoever 
that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge, release or 
defense of a guarantor or surety; or (iv) so long as any Obligation remains 
outstanding, any right of subrogation by virtue of any performance or 
payment made hereunder.  Each of Pinnacle Corp. and Pinnacle agrees that 
any payment or performance of the Obligations guaranteed by it hereunder or 
other act that tolls any statute of limitations applicable to enforcement 
of the Obligations shall similarly operate to toll any statute of 
limitations applicable to any liability of Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle 
pursuant to this Section 11.17.  In addition, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, each of Pinnacle Corp. and Pinnacle waives the 
benefit and advantage of any and all valuation, stay, appraisement, 
extension or redemption laws which, but for this provision, agreement and 
waiver, might be applicable to any sale made under any judgment, order or 
decree of any court or otherwise based on the respective guaranty of 
Pinnacle Corp. and Pinnacle pursuant to this Section 11.17.  All waivers 
made by Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle in this Section 11.17 are intentional 
and made by Pinnacle Corp. or Pinnacle, as applicable, after due 
consideration of all the consequences thereof.
 
(e) All of the terms and conditions of this Section 11.17 shall be binding 
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective successors and 
assigns of the Parties; provided that neither Pinnacle Corp. nor Pinnacle 
may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations 
hereunder without the prior consent of Delta. 
 
      Section 1.01 
 
      Section 1.01 
 

 
77
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Delta, Pinnacle, Mesaba and Pinnacle Corp. have 
executed this Agreement on July 1, 2010.
 
PINNACLE AIRLINES, INC.
 
 
 
By:        
Vice President and General Counsel
 
DELTA AIR LINES, INC.
 
 
 
By:          
         Senior Vice President – Delta Connection
  	 
MESABA AVIATION, INC.
 
 
 
By:        
Vice President
 
 
  	 
PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP.
 
 
 
By:        
Vice President and General Counsel
 

 

Signature Page to
Second Amended and Restated Airline Services Agreement
 
78
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A
 

 
CONTRACTED SERVICE CITIES
 

 
(as of the Effective Date)
 
ABE
ABR
AEX
ALB
ALO
ATW
AUS
AVL
AVP
AZO
BDL
BGR
BHM
BIS
BMI
BTR
BTV
BUF
CAE
CAK
CHA
CHO
CHS
CID
CKB
CLE
CWA
DAL
DAY
DLH
DSM
ELM
ERI
EVV
FAR
FSD
FSM
FWA
GFK
GLH
GPT

US 427902v.1                                                                
  A-
 
79
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


GSO
GSP
HSV
ICT
ITH
JAN
JAX
LAN
LBB
LEX
LFT
LIT
LNK
LSE
MBS
MDT
MFE
MGM
MHT
MLI
MOB
OKC
OMA
ORF
PFN
PIA
PIR
PIT
PNS
PWM
RAP
RDU
RIC
ROA
ROC
RST
SAT
SAV
SBN
SCE
SGF
SHV
SWF
SYR
TLH

US 427902v.1                                                                
  A-
 
80
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


TUL
TVC
TYS
VPS
XNA
YOW
YQB

US 427902v.1                                                                
  A-
 
81
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT B
 
DELTA SERVICE CITIES
 
(as of the Effective Date)
 
BNA
BOS
CMH
DCA
DFW
FNT
GRB
GRR
IAD
IAH
IND
LGA
MCI
MDW
MKE
MOT
MSN
ORD
PHL
PVD
STL
YUL
YWG
YYZ

US 427902v.1                                                                
   B-
 
82
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT C
 
PINNACLE SERVICE CITIES
 
(as of the Effective Date)
 
BGM
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   C-1
 
83
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
EXHIBIT D
 
 
CANCELLATION CODES
 

 
19G – Inter Carrier Substitution – Delta Requested
19H – Delta Requested Cancellation
19K – Passenger Overfly

US 427902v.1                                                                
  D-1
 
84
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 
EXHIBIT E
 
 
OPERATIONAL METRICS – GOAL ESTABLISHMENT
 

 
1.           Completion Factor – is calculated by taking a weighted average 
of the performance levels by category based on the number of combined 
actual departures and arrivals within each category during the Performance 
Period.
 
CF Performance Levels:
 
Category
Additional Penalty
Penalty
Neutral
JFK/LGA
***
***
***
All Other
***
***
***
Threshold
Calculated
Calculated
Calculated

 
Formula :
 
TSDA = Total system departures and arrivals
 
TNDA = Total departures and arrivals to/from LGA/JFK
 
TNDA/TSDA = TNY
 
1-TNY = TSY
 
Additional Penalty Range = < (JFK/LGA Additional Penalty Value)(TNY) + (All 
Other Additional Penalty Value)(TSY)
 
Penalty Range = (JFK/LGA Penalty Value Low Range)(TNY) + (All Other Penalty 
Value Low Range)(TSY) – <(JFK/LGA Penalty Value Upper Range)(TNY) + (All 
Other Penalty Value Upper Range)(TSY)
 
Neutral = ≥ (JFK/LGA Neutral Value)(TNY) + (All Other Neutral Value)(TSY)
 

 
Example:
 
·  
JFK/LGA represents 10% of system arrivals/departures in Performance Period
 
·  
“All other” represents 90% of system arrivals/departures in same period
 
·  
Neutral threshold: **** .10*+ (**** .90) = ***
 

 
2.           On-Time – is calculated by taking a weighted average of the 
performance levels by category based on the number of combined actual 
departures and arrivals within each category during the Performance Period.
 

 
D0 Performance Levels:
 
Category
Additional Penalty
Penalty
Neutral
JFK/LGA
***
***
***
All Other
***
***
***
Treshold
Calculated
Calculated
Calculated

 
A0 Performance Levels:
 
Category
Additional Penalty
Penalty
Neutral
JFK/LGA
***
***
***
All Other
***
***
***
Treshold
Calculated
Calculated
Calculated

 
Minimum On-Time – is calculated by taking the sum of the weighted averages 
of the performance levels by category based on the number of combined 
actual departures and arrivals within each category during the applicable 
Performance Period.
 
Category
A0
D0
JFK/LGA
***
***
All Other
***
***
Minimum Threshold
Calculated
Calculated

 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   E-1
 
85
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT F
 
PASS TRAVEL PRIVILEGES
 
Attached as Exhibit F-1 is the Parties’ agreement with respect to pass 
travel benefits made available to Pinnacle upon the effective date of the 
2003 ASA.
 
Without expanding or limiting (or modifying in any way) any of the Parties’ 
rights and obligations with respect to pass travel benefits as set forth in 
the 2003 ASA, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the space available 
leisure pass travel benefits under Delta’s Pass Travel Policies applicable 
to employees of Pinnacle and Mesaba as of the Effective Date (other than 
with respect to paragraph III.10 in Exhibit F-1) are set forth in Exhibit 
F-2 attached hereto.
 

 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   F-1
 
86
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Exhibit F-1
 
PASS TRAVEL PRIVILEGES
 
***

 

US 427902v.1                                                                
  F-14
 
87
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT G
 
HUB CITY FACILITY CHARGES
 
Rental rates chargeable to Pinnacle for the sub-leased space at all Hub 
Cities shall be *** per month in the aggregate, regardless of the number or 
identity of Hub Cities.
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
  G-
 
88
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT H
 
CRJ FUEL BURN (PENALTY) FORMULAS
 
Note:  The formulas below are to be used for the calculation of fuel burn 
penalty as it pertains to each performance measure and the All-in Rate.  
The penalty, while settled on an annual basis, is based on a monthly 
calculation.  The result of the calculation for each performance measure 
shall be netted together to produce a net penalty, if one should exist.  To 
the extent that formulas do not yet exist (i.e., Cruise Speed and 
Altitude), the Parties mutually agree to document those formulas when those 
performance measures are implemented.  Per Section 5.05(d), the All-in Rate 
is first adjusted for the variances that exist with respect to each 
performance measure, and then to the extent an unfavorable variance to 
budget exists, the penalty formula below for the All-in Rate is applied.  A 
penalty is assessed if the cause of variance is deemed within the control 
of Pinnacle.  An example for a month is illustrated in Attachment 1 hereto.
 
1.           Excess Planned Fuel on Arrival (FOA)
 
Monthly Penalty:
(Average Actual FOA in lbs-Target) x CTC / ***/ Block Hours per Cycle x 
Total Block Hours x Fuel cost per gallon
 
Plus Margin applicable to the fuel expense reimbursement pursuant to 
Section 5.08 or 5.11.
 
Assumptions:
·  
Block Hours based on scheduled and unscheduled operations/cycles that 
returned legitimate FOA values (on the flight history database)
 
·  
Cost to Carry (CTC) varies with average enroute time; CTC = (***x Avg ETE) 
***
 
·  
Fuel cost per gallon = actual price per gallon incurred by Delta per 
Section 5.05(a)(ii) including into-plane fees and taxes.
 
2.           Excess Planned Zero Fuel Weight (ZFW)
 
Monthly penalty:
(Average Planned ZFW - Average Actual ZFW-target tolerance in lbs) x CTC x 
CTC / ***/ Block Hours per Cycle x Total Block Hours x Fuel cost per gallon
 
Plus Margin applicable to the fuel expense reimbursement pursuant to 
Section 5.08 or 5.11.
 
Assumptions:
·  
Block Hours based on scheduled and unscheduled operations
 
·  
Cost to Carry (CTC) varies with average enroute time; CTC = (***x Avg ETE) 
***
 
·  
Fuel cost per gallon = actual price per gallon incurred by Delta per 
Section 5.05(a)(ii) including into-plane fees and taxes.
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
  H-
 
89
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

3.           Excess Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) Burn
 
Monthly Penalty:
(Average Actual APU hrs per flight hour-Target) x Flt to Blk Hour Ratio x 
Total Block Hours x *** x Fuel cost per gallon
 
Plus Margin applicable to the fuel expense reimbursement pursuant to 
Section 5.08 or 5.11.
 
Assumptions:
·  
APU burn rate = *** per Bombardier (w/Air and electric load)
 
·  
APU runs almost exclusively w/air load but not necessarily electric. 
Reduction in rate w/electric removed insignificant per 9E
 
·  
Flight hours and Block hours based on all 9E operations (scheduled and 
unscheduled)
 
·  
Fuel cost per gallon = actual price per gallon incurred by Delta per 
Section 5.05(a)(ii) including into-plane fees and taxes.
 
4.           Cruise Speed
 
    To be determined.
 
5.           Cruise Altitude
 
    To be determined.
 
6.           All-in Rate
 
    (To be applied after adjusting for known variances to performance
    measures above as shown in the sample calculation set forth in
    Attachment 1 hereto)
 
Monthly Penalty:
(Actual All-in Gallons per block hour-Target) x Total Block Hours x Fuel 
cost per gallon
 
Plus Margin applicable to the fuel expense reimbursement pursuant to 
Section 5.08 or 5.11.
 
Assumptions:
·  
Fuel cost per gallon = actual price per gallon incurred by Delta per 
Section 5.05(a)(ii) including into-plane fees and taxes.
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
  H-
 
90
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT I
 
PARITY PAY AGREEMENT
 
Parity Pay Agreement
 
The Parties agree that labor costs resulting from pay rates in excess of 
Parity Pay Rates for the pilot, flight attendant, customer 
service/reservations agent, ramp service, and mechanic workgroups will be 
excluded from Total Operating Cost when calculating the Margin pursuant to 
Section 5.10(a) and 5.13(a).
 
The Parties agree that labor costs resulting from any significant work rule 
and/or Premium changes, in lieu of above Parity Pay Rates will be excluded 
from Total Operating Cost when calculating the Margin pursuant to Section 
5.10(a) and 5.13(a).
 
The Parties agree that labor costs resulting from benefits which are in 
excess of industry parity for the pilot, flight attendant, customer 
service/reservations agent, ramp service, and mechanic workgroups will be 
excluded from Total Operating Cost when calculating the Margin pursuant to 
Section 5.10(a) and 5.13(a).
 
The following definitions are used throughout this parity pay agreement:
 
“Comparison Airlines” shall have the meaning throughout Exhibit I as the 
five largest (by revenue) publicly traded U.S. domestic regional airlines 
operating primarily regional jet aircraft.
 
“Premiums” shall mean separate line, longevity, shift, license, skill or 
other premiums.
 
“RAA” shall mean the Regional Airline Association, Washington, D.C.
 
Definitions provided in the sections below are applicable only to the 
section in which such terms appear.
 
Pilot and Flight Attendant Employees
 
A.           Procedures
 
Pinnacle’s Pay Rates for the pilot and flight attendant workgroups plus 
hourly impact of any Bonus Rate are compared to Parity Pay Rates.
 
If Pay Rates exceed Parity Pay Rates in any classification, the labor cost 
for that classification will be multiplied by the overage percentage and 
such product will be deducted from Total Operating Cost for purposes of 
calculating the Margin.
 
Significant work rule and Premiums changes are evaluated on a case by case 
basis.
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   I-
 
91
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
B.           Definitions
 
“Pay Rates” shall be the top of scale hourly rates of pay excluding 
Premiums.
 
“Bonus Rate” shall be the average bonus payment divided by the timeframe 
covered (based on 2,080 hours per year).
 
“Parity Pay Rates” shall be the simple average of the Pay Rates at the 
Comparison Airlines within a classification.  In the event that a 
comparison airline reduces or eliminates its Premiums and simultaneously 
increases its basic hourly rates, the portion of the basic hourly rate 
equal to the Premiums shall be excluded in determining Parity Pay Rates.
 
Customer Service/Reservations Agent, Ramp Service and Mechanic Employees
 
A.           Procedures
 
Pinnacle’s actual Pay for customer service/reservations agent, ramp 
service, and mechanic workgroups is compared to projected Parity Pay.
 
If Pay exceeds Parity Pay in any classification, the difference will be 
deducted from Total Operating Cost for purposes of calculating the Margin.
 
Significant work rule and Premiums changes are evaluated on a case-by-case 
basis.
 
B.           Definitions
 
“Pay” is the sum of all customer service/reservation, agent, ramp service 
and mechanic employees pay, including any bonus payments, within a 
classification (i.e. customer service agents) and shall exclude Premiums 
and any overtime premium.
 
“Parity Pay” shall be the sum of all customer service/reservation, agent, 
ramp service and mechanic employees Pay re-calculated using the Parity Pay 
Scale in place of actual Pay rates.
 
“Parity Pay Scale” shall be constructed by taking the average pay rates for 
Pay steps for all levels new hire to year 10 (top step) of the Comparison 
Airlines as reported by the RAA.
 
Benefits – All Employees
 
A.           Procedures
 
Pinnacle’s actual Benefits for all above employee groups are compared to 
the average Benefits of the same or similar classifications of the 
Comparison Airlines as reported by the RAA.
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   I-
 
92
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
B.           Definitions
 
“Benefits” include but are not limited to pension, 401(k), health and 
dental insurance, life and disability insurance, and other post retirement 
benefits.  Benefits are evaluated on an individual basis (i.e., Pinnacle’s 
pilot pension is compared to the average pilot pension at the Comparison 
Airlines as reported by the RAA).
 
Data Requirements
 
In order to assess compliance with the Parity Pay Agreement, Pinnacle 
agrees to provide Delta with data including but not limited to the 
following:
 
 
–
Total labor costs by workgroup or classification (e.g., pilot).
 
 
–
Pay scales to the extent they exist for all Pinnacle’s workgroups.
 
 
–
Pay scales for the Comparison Airlines as reported by the RAA for requested 
workgroups.
 
 
–
Individual employees’ information including workgroup, longevity or hire 
date, bonus payments received, hourly rate(s) of pay, hours paid at hourly 
rate(s) of pay, projected hours paid at each pay step (1 – 10) if not 
currently paid based on a defined pay scale, for requested workgroups.
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   I-
 
93
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
EXHIBIT J
 
PREDICTED EMPLOYEE BONUSES AND INCENTIVES
 

 
  	
2003
2004
2005
Subsequent Years
Employee Bonuses & Incentives
***
***
***
Multiply amount for prior year by (1+ CPPI)

 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   J-
 
94
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 
 
 

US 427902v.1                                                                
   J-
 
95
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

