 EX-10.40 12 a2200874zex-10_40.htm EX-10.40
Exhibit 10.40
 
Execution version
 
DEALER MANAGERS AGREEMENT
 
November 5, 2010
 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Goldman, Sachs & Co.,
As Dealer Managers,
  c/o Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
  Eleven Madison Avenue
  New York, New York 10010
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Aeroflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company), plans to 
commence a tender offer (the Tender Offer) for certain of the Companys 
outstanding 11.75% Senior Notes due 2015 (the Securities) such that the 
aggregate amount that the Company would be required to pay for the purchase 
of the Securities shall not exceed $187,250,000 (which amount is subject to 
change), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
tender offer materials (the Offer Material) which the Company has caused 
to be prepared and furnished to you on or prior to the date hereof for use 
in connection with the Tender Offer, including (a) the offer to purchase 
dated the date hereof (the Offer to Purchase), (b) the letter of 
transmittal to be used by holders to tender Securities (the Letter of 
Transmittal) and (c) any press releases or newspaper advertisements 
relating to the Tender Offer.  Any other offering materials and information 
relating to the Tender Offer that the Company or any of its affiliates may 
prepare or approve shall be called Additional Material.
 
The Tender Offer is being conducted in connection with the initial public 
offering and sale (the IPO) by Aeroflex Holding Corp., a Delaware 
corporation, of its common stock (the Common Stock), a portion of the 
proceeds from which will be contributed to the Company and used by the 
Company to (i) purchase and cancel a portion of the outstanding balance 
under its existing Senior Subordinated Unsecured Credit and Guaranty 
Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2007, among the Company, certain 
subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and 
Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., as administrative agent, sole lead 
arranger, sole bookrunner and syndication agent, (ii) consummate the Tender 
Offer and (iii) pay related fees and expenses.  The consummation of the IPO 
will be a condition to the settlement of the Tender Offer.
 
1.  Appointment of Dealer Managers
 
The Company hereby appoints you as dealer managers in connection with
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Tender Offer (the Dealer Managers) and authorizes you to act on its 
behalf in accordance with this agreement and the terms of the Offer 
Material and Additional Material.
 
The Company has prepared and approved the Offer Material and authorizes you 
and any other securities dealer or any commercial bank or trust company to 
use the Offer Material and Additional Material in connection with the 
solicitation of tenders.  You agree to furnish no written material to 
holders of Securities in connection with the Tender Offer other than the 
Offer Material and Additional Material.  It is understood that nothing in 
this agreement nor the nature of your services shall be deemed to create a 
fiduciary or agency relationship between you, on the one hand, and the 
Company, on the other hand.
 
2.  Mailing of Offer Material
 
The Company shall cause to be delivered to each registered holder of any 
Securities, to each participant in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) 
appearing in the most recent available DTC securities position listing as a 
holder of Securities and to each Non Objecting Beneficial Owner (NOBO) 
appearing in the most recent available NOBO list as an owner of Securities 
(each such registered holder, participant or owner, a Registered or 
Beneficial Owner), as soon as practicable, by hand, by overnight courier 
or by another means of expedited delivery, copies of the Offer to Purchase 
and other appropriate Offer Material and Additional Material.  Thereafter, 
to the extent practicable until the expiration of the Tender Offer, the 
Company shall use its best efforts to cause copies of such material to be 
mailed to each person who becomes a Registered or Beneficial Owner of 
Securities.
 
3.  Solicitation of Tenders
 
            (a)                                  You agree to use your
            customary reasonable efforts to solicit tenders of Securities
            pursuant to the Tender Offer.  Neither you nor any of your
            affiliates, nor any partners, directors, officers, agents,
            employees or controlling persons (if any) of you or any of your
            affiliates, shall have any liability to the Company or any
            other person for any act or omission on the part of any
            securities broker or dealer (other than yourselves), commercial
            bank or trust company that solicits tenders, and neither you
            nor any of such persons or entities referred to above shall
            have any liability to the Company or any person asserting
            claims on behalf of or in right of the Company in connection
            with or as a result of either your engagement or any matter
            referred to in this agreement except, as to each Dealer
            Manager, severally and not jointly, to the extent that such
            liability results from the gross negligence or bad faith of
            such Dealer Manager in performing the services that are the
            subject of this agreement. In soliciting tenders, no securities
            broker or dealer (other than yourselves), commercial bank or
            trust company shall be
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            deemed to act as your agent or the agent of the Company, and
            you, as Dealer Managers, shall not be deemed the agent of any
            other securities broker or dealer or of any commercial bank or
            trust company.  Anything herein to the contrary
            notwithstanding, the obligations of you, as Dealer Managers,
            shall be several and not joint and no Dealer Manager shall be
            liable for any action or omission of the other Dealer Managers.
 
            (b)                                 The Company agrees to
            furnish to you as many copies as you may reasonably request of
            the Offer Material and Additional Material in final form for
            use by you in connection with the Tender Offer.  The Company
            shall not amend or supplement the Offer Material, or prepare or
            approve any Additional Material for use in connection with the
            Tender Offer, without your consent, which consent shall not be
            unreasonably withheld.
             
            (c)                                  The Company agrees to
            advise you promptly of (i) the occurrence of any event which
            could cause the Company to withdraw, rescind, terminate or
            modify the Tender Offer, (ii) any proposal or requirement to
            amend or supplement the Offer Material or Additional Material
            or (iii) any other information relating to the Tender Offer
            which you may from time to time reasonably request.
             
            (d)                                 The Company will not use or
            publish any material in connection with the Tender Offer, or
            refer to you in any such material, without your consent, which
            consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  The Company will
            promptly inform you of any litigation or administrative action
            or claim with respect to the Tender Offer.
             
            (e)                                  The Company agrees to
            furnish to you, to the extent the same is available to the
            Company, cards or lists or copies thereof showing the names and
            addresses of, and principal amount of Securities held by, the
            Registered or Beneficial Owners of Securities as of a recent
            date, and shall use its best efforts to advise you from day to
            day during the period of the Tender Offer as to any changes in
            identity of the Registered or Beneficial Owners of Securities. 
            You agree to use such information only in connection with the
            Tender Offer and not to furnish such information to any other
            person except in connection with the Tender Offer.
             
            (f)                                    The Company shall
            arrange for the depositary named in the Letter of Transmittal
            orally to inform you during each business day during the Tender
            Offer (to be followed on a daily basis by written confirmation)
            as to the principal amount of Securities which have been
            tendered pursuant to the Tender Offer during the interval since
            its previous daily report to you under this provision, and the
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            names and addresses of any registered holder tendering $50,000
            or more aggregate principal amount of Securities.
 
4.  Compensation and Expenses
 
            (a)                                  The Company shall pay to
            you in the aggregate, as compensation for your services as
            Dealer Managers, a fee of $2.50 for each $1,000 principal
            amount of Securities tendered pursuant to the Tender Offer,
            which shall be allocated between the Dealer Managers as set
            forth on Schedule 1 hereto.  Such fee shall be payable
            concurrently with the payment for Securities under the Tender
            Offer.
             
            (b)                                 Whether or not any
            Securities are tendered pursuant to the Tender Offer, the
            Company shall pay all expenses of the preparation, printing,
            mailing and publishing of the Offer Material and Additional
            Material, all fees payable to securities dealers (including
            you), commercial banks, trust companies and nominees as
            reimbursement of their customary mailing and handling expenses
            incurred in forwarding the Offer Material and Additional
            Material to their customers, all fees and expenses of the
            depositary referred to above, the trustee under the indenture
            governing the Securities and any information agent, all
            advertising charges, any applicable transfer taxes payable in
            connection with the Tender Offer and all other expenses of the
            Company in connection with the Tender Offer.  The Company shall
            reimburse you for all of your reasonable and documented
            out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you in connection with your
            services under this agreement, including, without limitation,
            your reasonable internal expenses such as duplicating,
            telephone and facsimile and binding and the reasonable fees and
            the disbursements of one counsel acting for all of the Dealer
            Managers.
             
5.  Representations and Warranties by the Company
 
The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, you that:
 
            (a)                                  The Company has been duly
            incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good
            standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
             
            (b)                                 The Company has the
            requisite power and authority (corporate and otherwise) and has
            duly taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the
            making and consummation of the Tender Offer, the execution,
            delivery and performance of this agreement and the consummation
            of the transactions contemplated hereby; and this
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            agreement has been duly executed and delivered by, and
            constitutes a valid and binding agreement of, the Company,
            enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject, as to
            enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and
            other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
            creditors rights and to general equity principles (regardless
            of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity
            or at law).
 
            (c)                                  Neither the Company nor
            any of its subsidiaries have sustained since the date of the
            latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by
            reference in the Offer to Purchase any material loss or
            interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or
            other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from
            any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or
            decree, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the
            Offer to Purchase; and, since the respective dates as of which
            information is given in the Offer to Purchase, there has not
            been any material change in the capital stock or long-term debt
            of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any material
            adverse change, or any development involving a prospective
            material adverse change, in or affecting the general affairs,
            management, financial position, stockholders equity or results
            of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, otherwise
            than as set forth or contemplated in the Offer to Purchase.
             
            (d)                                 The Offer Material and
            Additional Material comply and (as amended or supplemented, if
            amended or supplemented) will comply in all material respects
            with all applicable requirements of the federal securities
            laws; and the Offer Material and Additional Material do not and
            (as amended or supplemented, if amended or supplemented) will
            not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
            state any material fact required to be stated therein or
            necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the
            light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
            misleading.
             
            (e)                                  The making and
            consummation of the Tender Offer, the execution, delivery and
            performance by the Company of this agreement and the
            consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and
            will not (i) conflict with, or result in the acceleration of
            any obligation under or in a breach of, or constitute a default
            under, any of the provisions of any indenture, agreement or
            undertaking to which the Company is a party or by which the
            Company is bound or to which any of the property or assets of
            the Company is subject, except as would not individually or in
            the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business,
            prospects, condition (financial or
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            otherwise), earnings or results of operations of the Company
            and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) result in any
            violation of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as
            amended, applicable to the Company or (iii) result in the
            violation of the provisions of any federal, state or local law,
            rule or regulation applicable to the Company, or any order
            applicable to the Company of any court or of any other
            governmental agency or instrumentality having jurisdiction over
            it or any of its property.
 
            (f)                                    No consent, approval,
            authorization or order of, or registration, qualification or
            filing with, any court or regulatory authority or other
            governmental agency or instrumentality is required in
            connection with the making and consummation of the Tender
            Offer, the execution, delivery and performance of this
            agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
            hereby.
             
            (g)                                 Upon the issuance and sale
            of the Common Stock, the Company will have sufficient funds,
            and will have sufficient authority to use such funds under
            applicable law, to pay the full purchase price of the
            Securities that the Company may become committed to purchase
            pursuant to the Tender Offer and all related fees and expenses.
             
            (h)                                 The Company agrees to pay
            promptly, in accordance with the terms and subject to the
            conditions of the Offer Material and Additional Material, the
            consideration for Securities validly tendered and not withdrawn
            and all related fees and expenses of the Tender Offer.
             
            (i)                                     The Company has made
            appropriate arrangements with DTC to allow for the book-entry
            movement of tendered Securities between depository participants
            and the depositary referred to above.
             
6.  Conditions of Obligation
 
The obligation of each of you to act as Dealer Managers hereunder shall at 
all times be subject, in your individual discretion, to the conditions 
that:
 
            (a)                                  All representations,
            warranties and other statements of the Company contained herein
            are now, and at all times during the Tender Offer will be, true
            and correct.
             
            (b)                                 The Company at all times
            during the Tender Offer shall have performed all of its
            obligations hereunder theretofore required to have been
            performed.
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            (c)                                  No stop order, restraining
            order or injunction shall have been issued (and not
            subsequently stayed or vacated) by, and no proceeding,
            litigation or investigation shall have been initiated by or
            before, any agency, court or other governmental body with
            respect to the making or the consummation of the Tender Offer,
            which you, in good faith after consultation with your legal
            counsel and after consultation with the Company and its legal
            counsel, believe makes it inadvisable for you to continue to
            render services as Dealer Managers hereunder.
             
            (d)                                 Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP,
            counsel to the Company, shall have furnished to you, as Dealer
            Managers, (a) concurrently with the execution of this
            agreement, their opinion and negative assurance letter dated
            the date of the commencement of the Tender Offer and (b) on the
            settlement date, their opinion and negative assurance letter
            dated as of the settlement date, in each case, substantially to
            the effect set forth in Exhibit A hereto.
             
7.  Indemnity and Survival of Certain Provisions
 
            (a)                                  The Company agrees (i) to
            indemnify and hold each Dealer Manager harmless against any and
            all losses, damages, liabilities or claims (or actions in
            respect thereof) (A) that arise out of or are based upon any
            untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
            contained in the Offer Material or any Additional Material or
            in any of the documents incorporated by reference therein or in
            any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, or that
            arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission
            to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
            or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of
            the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
            (B) that arise out of or are based upon any breach by the
            Company of any representation or warranty or failure by the
            Company to comply with any obligation set forth herein or (C)
            that arise out of or are based upon a withdrawal, rescission,
            termination or modification of or a failure to make or
            consummate the Tender Offer; and (ii) to indemnify and hold
            each Dealer Manager harmless against any and all other losses,
            damages,  liabilities or claims (or actions in respect thereof)
            that otherwise arise out of or are based upon or asserted
            against it by any person, including stockholders of the Company
            in connection with or as a result of its acting as a Dealer
            Manager or rendering financial advisory services in connection
            with the Tender Offer or that arise in connection with any
            other matter referred to in this agreement, except, however,
            that the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify and hold
            harmless a Dealer Manager to the extent that any such losses,
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

             
            damages, liabilities or claims referred to in this clause (ii)
            were finally judicially determined to have resulted from the
            gross negligence or bad faith of such Dealer Manager in
            performing the services that are the subject of this agreement.
             In the event that either Dealer Manager becomes involved in
            any capacity in any action, proceeding or investigation brought
            by or against any person, including stockholders of the Company
            in connection with any matter referred to in this agreement,
            the Company agrees periodically to reimburse such Dealer
            Manager for its reasonable legal and other expenses (including
            the cost of any investigation and preparation) incurred in
            connection therewith.  The Company also agrees that neither
            Dealer Manager nor any of its affiliates, nor any partners,
            directors, officers, agents, employees or controlling persons
            (if any), as the case may be, of either Dealer Manager or any
            of its affiliates, shall have any liability to the Company or
            any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of the
            Company for or in connection with any matter referred to in
            this agreement except that each Dealer Manager, severally and
            not jointly, shall be liable to the extent that any loss,
            damage, expense, liability or claim incurred by the Company was
            finally judicially determined to have resulted from the gross
            negligence or bad faith of such Dealer Manager in performing
            the services that are the subject of this agreement.
 
            (b)                                 Promptly after receipt by
            either Dealer Manager of notice of its involvement in any
            action, proceeding or investigation, it shall, if a claim in
            respect thereof is to be made against the Company under
            subsection (a) of this Section 7, notify the Company in writing
            of such involvement, but the failure to so notify the Company
            shall not relieve it from any liability which it may otherwise
            have to such Dealer Manager under subsection (a) of this
            Section 7 except to the extent that the Company did not
            otherwise know of such matter and suffers actual prejudice as a
            result of such failure, and in no event shall such failure
            relieve the Company from any obligation to provide
            reimbursement and contribution to such Dealer Manager.  In case
            any such action shall be brought against a Dealer Manager and
            such Dealer Manager shall notify the Company of the
            commencement thereof, the Company shall be entitled to
            participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, to
            assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably
            satisfactory to such Dealer Manager (who shall not, except with
            such Dealer Managers consent, be counsel to the Company), and,
            after notice from the Company to such Dealer Manager of its
            election so to assume the defense thereof, the Company shall
            not be liable to such Dealer Manager under such subsection for
            any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses
            (other than for which the
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            indemnified party is entitled to be indemnified hereunder), in
            each case subsequently incurred by such Dealer Manager, in
            connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs
            of investigation.  The Company shall not, without such Dealer
            Managers written consent, effect the settlement or compromise
            of, or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to,
            any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which
            indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder
            (whether or not such Dealer Manager is an actual or potential
            party to such action or claim) unless such settlement,
            compromise or judgment (i) includes an unconditional release
            from all liability arising out of such action or claim for each
            Dealer Manager and (ii) does not include a statement as to or
            an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by any
            Dealer Manager or on behalf of any Dealer Manager.  The Company
            shall not be required to indemnify any Dealer Manager for any
            amount paid or payable by any Dealer Manager in the settlement
            or compromise of, or entry into any judgment with respect to,
            any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which
            indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder without
            the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be
            unreasonably withheld.
 
            (c)                                  Notwithstanding the
            foregoing, each Dealer Manager shall have the right to employ
            its own counsel in any such action, but the reasonable fees and
            expenses of such counsel shall be at your expense unless (i)
            the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in
            writing by the Company in connection with the defense of such
            action, (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to
            take charge of the defense of such action within a reasonable
            time after notice of commencement of the action, or (iii) the
            named parties to such action (including any impleaded parties)
            include such Dealer Manager and the Company (or the Company has
            assumed the defense of such action), and such Dealer Manager
            shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses
            available to such Dealer Manager that are different from or
            additional to those available to the Company (in which case the
            Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such
            action on such Dealer Managers behalf).
             
            (d)                                 If for any reason the
            indemnification provided for in subsection (a) of this Section
            7 is unavailable or insufficient to hold either Dealer Manager
            harmless, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid
            or payable by such Dealer Manager as a result of such loss,
            damage, expense, liability or claim (or action in respect
            thereof) referred to therein in such proportion as is
            appropriate to reflect the relative benefits of the Company and
            its stockholders on
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            the one hand and you on the other hand in the matters
            contemplated by this agreement as well as the relative fault of
            the Company and such Dealer Manager with respect to such loss,
            damage, expense, liability or claim (or action in respect
            thereof) and any other relevant equitable considerations.  The
            relative benefits of the Company and its stockholders on the
            one hand and a Dealer Manager on the other hand in the matters
            contemplated by this agreement shall be deemed to be in the
            same proportion as the maximum aggregate value of the
            consideration proposed to be paid by the Company to acquire
            Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer bears to the maximum
            aggregate fee proposed to be paid to such Dealer Manager
            pursuant to Section 4(a) of this agreement as a result of such
            acquisition of Securities.  The relative fault of the Company
            and a Dealer Manager shall be determined by reference to, among
            other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of
            a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a
            material fact relates to information supplied by, or relating
            to, the Company and its affiliates or such Dealer Manager and
            the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
            and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or
            omission.  The Company and each Dealer Manager agree that it
            would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to
            this subsection (d) were determined by pro rata allocation or
            by any other method of allocation which does not take account
            of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection
            (d).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Dealer Manager shall be
            obligated to contribute any amount hereunder that exceeds the
            amount of the fees received by such Dealer Manager pursuant to
            this agreement.
 
            (e)                                  The agreements contained
            in Section 4 and in this Section 7 and the representations and
            warranties of the Company set forth in Section 5 hereof shall
            survive any termination or cancellation of this agreement, any
            completion of the engagement provided by this agreement, any
            investigation made by or on behalf of any Dealer Manager, any
            of their respective officers or partners or any person
            controlling any Dealer Manager, any termination or expiration
            of the Tender Offer and any acquisition of Securities, whether
            pursuant to the Tender Offer or otherwise.
             
            (f)                                    The reimbursement,
            indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company under
            this Section 7 shall be in addition to any liability that the
            Company may otherwise have, shall extend upon the same terms
            and conditions to each Dealer Managers affiliates and the
            partners, directors, officers, agents, employees and
            controlling persons (if any), as the case may be, of each
            Dealer Manager and any such affiliate, and shall be binding
            upon and inure to the benefit
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
            of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives
            of the Company, each Dealer Manager, any such affiliate and any
            such other person referred to above.
 
8.  Termination
 
            (a)                                  Subject to Section 7
            hereof, this agreement shall automatically terminate upon the
            consummation, expiration, termination or withdrawal of the
            Tender Offer.
             
            (b)                                 In addition, the services
            of any Dealer Manager may be terminated by such Dealer Manager,
            or the services of all (but not less than all) Dealer Managers
            may be terminated by the Company, at any time upon prior
            written notice by the terminating party to the other parties
            hereto without liability or continuing obligation (except as
            otherwise set forth herein) of (i) the Company or any Dealer
            Manager in the event the services of all Dealer Managers are
            terminated or (ii) the terminating Dealer Manager and the other
            parties hereto in respect of any such terminating Dealer
            Manager. Notwithstanding any termination (other than a
            termination by a Dealer Manager without cause), each Dealer
            Manager shall be entitled to any fees and expenses payable to
            such Dealer Manager pursuant to this agreement. In addition, if
            at any time prior to the expiration of 180 days following such
            termination by the Company without cause, the Company
            consummates, or enter into a definitive agreement with one or
            more other dealer managers that subsequently results in the
            consummation of, a tender offer with respect to the Securities,
            the Company will pay the Dealer Managers the fees specified
            herein with respect to any Securities purchased in such
            transaction.
             
            (c)                                  Notwithstanding anything
            herein to the contrary, the agreements contained in Sections 4
            and 7 hereof shall survive any termination or cancellation of
            this agreement, any completion of the engagement provided by
            this agreement, any investigation made by or on behalf of you,
            any of your officers or partners or any person controlling you,
            any termination or expiration of the Tender Offer and any
            acquisition of Securities, whether pursuant to the Tender Offer
            or otherwise.
             
9.  Miscellaneous
 
            (a)                                  This agreement is made
            solely for the benefit of you, the Company and any partner,
            director, officer, agent, employee, controlling person or
            affiliate referred to in Section 7 hereof, and their respective
            successors, assigns, and legal representatives, and no
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue
            of this agreement.
 
            (b)                                 In the event that any
            provision hereof shall be determined to be invalid or
            unenforceable in any respect, such determination shall not
            affect such provision in any other respect or any other
            provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.
             
            (c)                                  Except as otherwise
            expressly provided in this agreement, whenever notice is
            required by the provisions of this agreement to be given to (i)
            the Company, such notice shall be in writing addressed c/o the
            Company at 35 South Service Road, P.O. Box 6022, Plainview, New
            York 11803, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, with a copy to
            Michael R. Littenberg at Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP, 919 Third
            Avenue, New York, New York 10022; and (ii) you, such notice
            shall be in writing addressed to you, Credit Suisse Securities
            (USA) LLC at Eleven Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010,
            facsimile number (212) 325-4296, Attention: IBD Legal; Goldman,
            Sachs & Co. at 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282-2198,
            facsimile number (212) 902-3000, Attention: Registration
            Department; and with a copy to Senet Bischoff at Latham &
            Watkins LLP, 885 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
             
            (d)                                 This agreement contains the
            entire understanding of the parties with respect to your acting
            as Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer, superseding any prior
            agreements with respect thereto and may not be modified or
            amended except in writing executed by the parties hereto.  This
            agreement may be executed in any number of separate
            counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all such
            counterparts shall together constitute one and the same
            agreement.  Facsimile signatures on counterparts of this
            agreement are authorized, and will have the same effect as
            though the facsimile signatures were original executions, and
            this agreement will be deemed executed by a party when a
            signature page, or facsimile of a signature page, executed by
            that party is transmitted to each of the other parties or as
            they have directed.
             
            (e)                                  THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY
            MATTERS RELATED TO THIS TRANSACTION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
            CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
            WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS THAT WOULD
            RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAWS OF THE
            STATE OF NEW YORK.  Any right to trial by jury with respect to
            any action or proceeding arising in connection with or as a
            result of either
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            your engagement or any matter referred to in this agreement is
            hereby waived by the parties hereto.  The Company agrees that
            any suit or proceeding arising in respect of this agreement or
            our engagement will be tried exclusively in the U.S. District
            Court for the Southern District of New York or, if that court
            does not have subject matter jurisdiction, in any state court
            located in The City and County of New York and the Company
            agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of, and to venue in, such
            courts.
 
            (f)                                    The Company hereby
            acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated
            by this agreement were negotiated at arms length between
            sophisticated parties represented by counsel, (ii) no fiduciary
            or agency relationship between the Company on the one hand, and
            any of the Dealer Managers on the other hand has been created
            as a result of any of the transactions contemplated by this
            agreement or the process leading to such transactions,
            irrespective of whether any of the Dealer Managers have advised
            or is advising the Company on other matters, (iii) the
            obligations of each Dealer Manager to the Company in respect of
            the Tender Offer are set forth in this agreement in their
            entirety and (iv) the Company has obtained such legal, tax and
            accounting advice as it deems appropriate with respect to this
            agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any
            other activities undertaken in connection therewith, and the
            Company is not relying on any Dealer Manager with respect to
            any such matters.  The Company hereby agrees that it will not
            claim that any Dealer Manager owes a fiduciary or similar duty
            to it, in connection with such transaction or the process
            leading thereto.
             
            (g)                                 The Dealer Managers do not
            provide accounting, tax or legal advice.  The Company is
            authorized, subject to applicable law, to disclose any and all
            aspects of this potential transaction that are necessary to
            support any U.S. federal income tax benefits expected to be
            claimed with respect to such transaction, without the Dealer
            Managers imposing any limitation of any kind.
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Please sign and return to us a duplicate of this letter, whereupon it will 
become a binding agreement.
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
Aeroflex Incorporated
 
 
By:
/s/ Charles Badlato
 
Name: Charles Badlato
 
Title: VPTreasurer
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The undersigned hereby confirms that the foregoing letter, as of the date 
thereof, correctly sets forth the agreement between the Company and the 
undersigned.
 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 
 
By:
/s/ Timothy Lu
 
Name: Timothy Lu
 
Title: Managing Director
 
 
 
/s/ Goldman, Sachs & Co.
 
(Goldman, Sachs & Co.)
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Schedule 1
 
Dealer Manager Fees Allocation
 
Dealer Manager
 
Percentage of Tender Fee
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 
50
%
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
 
50
%
 
 
 
 
Total
 
100
%
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

