 EX-10.1 2 f57313exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1


 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of November 10, 2010

among

AMB PROPERTY, L.P.,

THE BANKS LISTED HEREIN,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent,

J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED,

as Administrative Agent for Alternate Currencies

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Syndication Agent,

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

and

MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

PNC BANK, NA,

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA

and

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.,

as Documentation Agents

COMPASS BANK,

US BANK, NA

and

UNION BANK, N.A.,

as Managing Agents


 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


TABLE OF CONTENTS
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Page
ARTICLE I
   
  	  	  	 
DEFINITIONS
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 1.1 Definitions
  	  	1 	 
  Section 1.2 Accounting Terms and Determinations
  	  	31 	 
  Section 1.3 Types of Borrowings
  	  	32 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE II
   
  	  	  	 
THE CREDITS
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 2.1 Commitments to Lend
  	  	32 	 
  Section 2.2 Notice of Borrowing
  	  	33 	 
  Section 2.3 Swingline Loan Subfacility
  	  	35 	 
  Section 2.4 Money Market Borrowings
  	  	37 	 
  Section 2.5 Notice to Banks; Funding of Loans
  	  	41 	 
  Section 2.6 Notes
  	  	43 	 
  Section 2.7 Method of Electing Interest Rates
  	  	44 	 
  Section 2.8 Interest Rates
  	  	45 	 
  Section 2.9 Fees
  	  	46 	 
  Section 2.10 Maturity Date
  	  	47 	 
  Section 2.11 Optional Prepayments
  	  	47 	 
  Section 2.12 Mandatory Prepayments
  	  	49 	 
  Section 2.13 General Provisions as to Payments
  	  	49 	 
  Section 2.14 Funding Losses
  	  	51 	 
  Section 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees
  	  	51 	 
  Section 2.16 Use of Proceeds
  	  	51 	 
  Section 2.17 Letters of Credit
  	  	51 	 
  Section 2.18 Letter of Credit Usage Absolute
  	  	55 	 
  Section 2.19 Special Provisions Regarding Alternate Currency Loans
  	  	56 	 
  Section 2.20 Letters of Credit Maturing after the Maturity Date
  	  	56 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE III
   
  	  	  	 
CONDITIONS
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 3.1 Closing
  	  	57 	 
  Section 3.2 Borrowings
  	  	58 	 

i

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Page
ARTICLE IV
   
  	  	  	 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 4.1 Existence and Power
  	  	60 	 
  Section 4.2 Power and Authority
  	  	60 	 
  Section 4.3 No Violation
  	  	61 	 
  Section 4.4 Financial Information
  	  	62 	 
  Section 4.5 Litigation
  	  	62 	 
  Section 4.6 Intentionally Omitted
  	  	62 	 
  Section 4.7 Environmental
  	  	62 	 
  Section 4.8 Taxes
  	  	63 	 
  Section 4.9 Full Disclosure
  	  	63 	 
  Section 4.10 Solvency
  	  	63 	 
  Section 4.11 Use of Proceeds
  	  	63 	 
  Section 4.12 Governmental Approvals
  	  	63 	 
  Section 4.13 Investment Company Act; Public Utility Holding Company Act
  	  	63 	 
  Section 4.14 Principal Offices
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.15 REIT Status
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.16 Patents, Trademarks, etc.
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.17 Judgments
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.18 No Default
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.19 Licenses, etc.
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.20 Compliance With Law
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.21 No Burdensome Restrictions
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.22 Brokers Fees
  	  	64 	 
  Section 4.23 Intentionally Omitted
  	  	65 	 
  Section 4.24 Insurance
  	  	65 	 
  Section 4.25 Organizational Documents
  	  	65 	 
  Section 4.26 Unencumbered Properties
  	  	65 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE V
   
  	  	  	 
AFFIRMATIVE AND NEGATIVE COVENANTS
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 5.1 Information
  	  	65 	 
  Section 5.2 Payment of Obligations
  	  	68 	 
  Section 5.3 Maintenance of Property; Insurance; Affiliate Transfers
  	  	68 	 
  Section 5.4 Maintenance of Existence
  	  	69 	 
  Section 5.5 Compliance with Laws
  	  	69 	 
  Section 5.6 Inspection of Property, Books and Records
  	  	69 	 
  Section 5.7 Existence
  	  	69 	 
  Section 5.8 Financial Covenants
  	  	69 	 
  Section 5.9 Restriction on Fundamental Changes
  	  	71 	 
  Section 5.10 Changes in Business
  	  	72 	 
  Section 5.11 General Partner Status
  	  	72 	 
  Section 5.12 Other Indebtedness
  	  	73 	 

ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Page
  Section 5.13 Forward Equity Contracts
  	  	73 	 
  Section 5.14 Capital Funding Loans
  	  	74 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VI
   
  	  	  	 
DEFAULTS
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 6.1 Events of Default
  	  	75 	 
  Section 6.2 Rights and Remedies
  	  	78 	 
  Section 6.3 Notice of Default
  	  	79 	 
  Section 6.4 Actions in Respect of Letters of Credit
  	  	79 	 
  Section 6.5 Distribution of Proceeds after Default
  	  	81 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VII
   
  	  	  	 
THE AGENTS
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 7.1 Appointment and Authorization
  	  	81 	 
  Section 7.2 Agency and Affiliates
  	  	81 	 
  Section 7.3 Action by Agents
  	  	81 	 
  Section 7.4 Consultation with Experts
  	  	82 	 
  Section 7.5 Liability of Agents
  	  	82 	 
  Section 7.6 Indemnification
  	  	82 	 
  Section 7.7 Credit Decision
  	  	82 	 
  Section 7.8 Successor Agents
  	  	83 	 
  Section 7.9 Consents and Approvals
  	  	83 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VIII
   
  	  	  	 
CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES
   
  	  	  	 
  Section 8.1 Basis for Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair
  	  	84 	 
  Section 8.2 Illegality
  	  	84 	 
  Section 8.3 Increased Cost and Reduced Return
  	  	85 	 
  Section 8.4 Taxes
  	  	87 	 
  Section 8.5 Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Euro-Dollar Loans
  	  	89 	 
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE IX
   
  	  	  	 
MISCELLANEOUS
  Section 9.1 Notices
  	  	90 	 
  Section 9.2 No Waivers
  	  	90 	 
  Section 9.3 Expenses; Indemnification
  	  	90 	 
  Section 9.4 Sharing of Set-Offs
  	  	92 	 
  Section 9.5 Amendments and Waivers
  	  	93 	 
  Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns
  	  	94 	 
  Section 9.7 Collateral
  	  	97 	 

iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Page
  Section 9.8 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Judgment Currency
  	  	97 	 
  Section 9.9 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
  	  	98 	 
  Section 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
  	  	99 	 
  Section 9.11 Survival
  	  	99 	 
  Section 9.12 Domicile of Loans
  	  	99 	 
  Section 9.13 Limitation of Liability
  	  	99 	 
  Section 9.14 Recourse Obligation
  	  	99 	 
  Section 9.15 Confidentiality
  	  	99 	 
  Section 9.16 Defaulting Lenders
  	  	100 	 
  Section 9.17 Banks ERISA Covenant
  	  	102 	 
  Section 9.18 No Bankruptcy Proceedings
  	  	102 	 
  Section 9.19 Optional Increase in Commitments
  	  	103 	 
  Section 9.20 Managing Agents, Documentation Agents and Co-Agents
  	  	103 	 
  Section 9.21 USA PATRIOT Act
  	  	104 	 

SCHEDULE 1.1
SCHEDULE 2.17
SCHEDULE 4.4(b)
SCHEDULE 4.6
SCHEDULE 5.11(c)(1)
SCHEDULE 5.11(c)(2)

iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

          THIS FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 
Agreement) dated as of November 10, 2010 among AMB PROPERTY, L.P. (the 
Borrower), the BANKS listed on the signature pages hereof, JPMORGAN CHASE 
BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED, as 
Administrative Agent, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent, J.P. 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC and MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH 
INCORPORATED, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, PNC BANK, NA, 
THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA and WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Documentation 
Agents, and COMPASS BANK, US BANK, NA and UNION BANK, N.A., as Managing 
Agents.


W I T N E S S E T H:

          WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and certain of 
the Banks entered into the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement; and

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend and restate the 
terms and conditions contained in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement 
in their entirety as hereinafter set forth.

          NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree 
as follows:

          I. The Existing Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby modified so 
that all of the terms and conditions of the aforesaid Existing Revolving 
Credit Agreement shall be restated in their entirety as set forth herein, 
and the Borrower agrees to comply with and be subject to all of the terms, 
covenants and conditions of this Agreement.

          II. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns, and 
shall be deemed to be effective as of the date hereof.

          III. Any reference in the Notes, any other Loan Document or any 
other document executed in connection with the Existing Revolving Credit 
Agreement shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement.

          The parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

          Section 1.1 Definitions. The following terms, as used herein, 
have the following meanings:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Absolute Rate Auction means a solicitation of Money Market 
Quotes setting forth Money Market Absolute Rates pursuant to Section 2.4.

          Adjusted EBITDA means, for any period, EBITDA for such period 
minus (a) an amount equal to appropriate reserves for replacements of Ten 
Cents ($0.10) (or in the case of any Real Property Asset owned by an 
Investment Affiliate or by a Consolidated Subsidiary, Borrowers Share of 
Ten Cents ($0.10) per square foot per annum for each Real Property Asset 
(provided that, as to any Real Property Asset acquired during such period 
such Ten Cents ($0.10) per square foot adjustment shall be pro-rated for 
the period of ownership), plus (b) capitalized interest included in the 
basis of assets sold or contributed during such period to the extent that 
the gain from such sale or contribution was included or the loss from such 
sale or contribution was deducted in the calculation of EBITDA. Adjusted 
EBITDA includes rental income actually earned and shall exclude non-cash 
expenses related to employee and trustee stock and stock options.

          Adjusted Interbank Offered Rate as applicable to any Interest 
Period means a rate per annum equal to the quotient obtained (rounded 
upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) by dividing (i) the 
Interbank Offered Rate applicable during such Interest Period by (ii) 1.00 
minus the Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage.

          Administrative Agent shall mean (i) with respect to Notices of 
Borrowing and the administration of Loans denominated in an Alternate 
Currency, Alternate Currency Letters of Credit, and interest and fee 
payments with respect to Loans and Letters of Credit denominated in an 
Alternate Currency, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited; and (ii) for all other 
purposes under this Agreement, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in each case in 
its respective capacity as Administrative Agent hereunder, and its 
respective permitted successors in such capacity in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement.

          Administrative Questionnaire means with respect to each Bank, 
an administrative questionnaire in the form prepared by the Administrative 
Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the 
Borrower) duly completed by such Bank.

          Affiliate, as applied to any Person, means any other Person 
that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, that Person. For purposes of this definition, control 
(including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled 
by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote ten percent 
(10.0%) or more of the equity securities having voting power for the 
election of directors of such Person or otherwise to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting equity securities or by contract or otherwise.

          Agents shall mean the Administrative Agent and the Syndication 
Agent, collectively.

          Agreement shall mean this Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving 
Credit Agreement as the same may from time to time hereafter be modified, 
supplemented or amended.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Alternate Currency means the lawful currency of any of (i) the 
United Kingdom (British Pounds Sterling) or (ii) the European Economic 
Union (Euros) or (iii) Japan (Yen) or (iv) Canada (Canadian Dollars). For 
all purposes of this Agreement, including without limitation the 
calculation of the Dollar Equivalent Amount at any time and from time to 
time, each Alternate Currency will be marked-to-market on the last Business 
Day of each month.

          Alternate Currency Commitment means with respect to each Bank, 
the amount set forth under the name of such Bank on the signature pages 
hereof as its commitment for Loans in Alternate Currencies (and, for each 
Bank which is an Assignee, the amount set forth in the Transfer Supplement 
entered into pursuant to Section 9.6(c) as the Assignees Alternate 
Currency Commitment), as such amount may be reduced from time to time 
pursuant to Section 2.11(e) or in connection with an assignment to an 
Assignee, and as such amount may be increased in connection with an 
assignment from an Assignor or pursuant to Section 9.19. The initial 
aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Banks Alternate Currency 
Commitments is $565,000,000.

          Alternate Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit 
denominated in Alternate Currency.

          Alternate Currency Sublimit means, a Dollar Equivalent Amount 
of Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency and Alternate Currency 
Letter(s) of Credit (and, to the extent expressly provided herein, Loans 
and Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars), equal to the aggregate 
Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Banks Alternate Currency Commitments, as 
such amount may be increased in accordance with Section 9.19 from time to 
time.

          AMB Revolver Provisions has the meaning set forth in Section 
9.5(b).

          Applicable Fee Percentage means the respective percentages per 
annum determined, at any time, based on the range into which Borrowers 
Credit Rating then falls, in accordance with the table set forth below. Any 
change in Borrowers Credit Rating causing it to move to a different range 
on the table shall effect an immediate change in the Applicable Fee 
Percentage. Borrower shall have not less than two (2) Credit Ratings at all 
times. In the event that Borrower receives only two (2) Credit Ratings (one 
of which must be from S&P or Moodys), and such Credit Ratings are not 
equivalent, the Applicable Fee Percentage shall be determined by the higher 
of such two (2) Credit Ratings. In the event that Borrower receives more 
than two (2) Credit Ratings, and such Credit Ratings are not all 
equivalent, the Applicable Fee Percentage shall be determined by the 
highest Credit Rating, provided that said highest rating shall be from S&P 
or Moodys; provided, further, that if the highest rating is not from S&P 
or Moodys, then the Applicable Fee Percentage shall be determined by the 
highest Credit Rating from either S&P or Moodys. Should Borrower lose its 
Investment Grade Rating from both S&P and Moodys, the Applicable Fee 
Percentage will revert to the unrated portion of the grid below. Upon 
reinstatement of its Investment Grade Rating from either S&P or Moodys, 
the Applicable Fee Percentage will revert to the rated pricing grid below.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
Range of 	  	 
Borrowers 	  	 
Credit Rating 	  	Applicable
(S&P/Moodys 	  	Fee Percentage
Ratings) 	  	(% per annum)
  A-/A3 or better
  	  	0.300 	 
  BBB+/Baa1
  	  	0.350 	 
  BBB/Baa2
  	  	0.400 	 
  BBB-/Baa3
  	  	0.450 	 
  <BBB-/Baa3 or unrated
  	  	0.500 	 

          Applicable Interest Rate means (i) with respect to any Fixed 
Rate Indebtedness, the fixed interest rate applicable to such Fixed Rate 
Indebtedness at the time in question, and (ii) with respect to any Floating 
Rate Indebtedness, either (x) the rate at which the interest rate 
applicable to such Floating Rate Indebtedness is actually capped (or fixed 
pursuant to an interest rate hedging device), at the time of calculation, 
if Borrower has entered into an interest rate cap agreement or other 
interest rate hedging device with respect thereto or (y) if Borrower has 
not entered into an interest rate cap agreement or other interest rate 
hedging device with respect to such Floating Rate Indebtedness, the greater 
of (A) the rate at which the interest rate applicable to such Floating Rate 
Indebtedness could be fixed for the remaining term of such Floating Rate 
Indebtedness, at the time of calculation, by Borrowers entering into any 
unsecured interest rate hedging device either not requiring an upfront 
payment or if requiring an upfront payment, such upfront payment shall be 
amortized over the term of such device and included in the calculation of 
the interest rate (or, if such rate is incapable of being fixed by entering 
into an unsecured interest rate hedging device at the time of calculation, 
a fixed rate equivalent reasonably determined by Administrative Agent) or 
(B) the floating rate applicable to such Floating Rate Indebtedness at the 
time in question.

          Applicable Lending Office means with respect to any Bank, (i) 
in the case of its Base Rate Loans and Swingline Loans, its Domestic 
Lending Office, (ii) in the case of its Euro-Dollar Loans, its Euro-Dollar 
Lending Office, and (iii) in the case of its Money Market Loans, its Money 
Market Lending Office.

          Applicable Margin means with respect to each Loan, the 
respective percentages per annum determined, at any time, based on the 
range into which Borrowers Credit Rating then falls, in accordance with 
the table set forth below. Any change in Borrowers Credit Rating causing 
it to move to a different range on the table shall effect an immediate 
change in the Applicable Margin. Borrower shall have not less than two (2) 
Credit Ratings at all times. In the event that Borrower receives only two 
(2) Credit Ratings (one of which must be from S&P or Moodys), and such 
Credit Ratings are not equivalent, the Applicable Margin shall be 
determined by the higher of such two (2) Credit Ratings. In the event that 
Borrower receives more than two (2) Credit Ratings, and such Credit Ratings 
are not all equivalent, the Applicable Margin shall be determined by the 
highest Credit Rating, provided that said highest rating shall be from S&P 
or

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Moodys; provided, further, that if the highest rating is not from S&P or 
Moodys, then the Applicable Margin shall be determined by the highest 
Credit Rating from either S&P or Moodys. Should Borrower lose its 
Investment Grade Rating from both S&P and Moodys, the Applicable Margin 
will revert to the unrated portion of the grid below. Upon reinstatement of 
its Investment Grade Rating from either S&P or Moodys, the Applicable 
Margin will revert to the rated pricing grid below.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Range of 	  	Applicable 	  	 
Borrowers 	  	Margin for 	  	Applicable
Credit Rating 	  	Base Rate 	  	Margin for Euro
(S&P/Moodys 	  	Loans 	  	Dollar Loans
Ratings) 	  	(% per annum) 	  	(% per annum)
A-/A3 or better
  	  	0.750 	  	  	  	1.750 	 
BBB+/Baa1
  	  	0.850 	  	  	  	1.850 	 
BBB/Baa2
  	  	1.000 	  	  	  	2.000 	 
BBB-/Baa3
  	  	1.300 	  	  	  	2.300 	 
<BBB-/Baa3 or unrated
  	  	2.000 	  	  	  	3.000 	 

          Asset Management Fees means, for any period, the actual asset 
management fees paid by non-wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiaries and 
Investment Affiliates of the Borrower and third parties unaffiliated with 
the Borrower or, in the case of any such fees paid to any Consolidated 
Subsidiaries or Investment Affiliates, the Borrowers Share thereof, for 
such period, net of any expenses incurred in connection therewith for such 
period.

          Assignee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(c).

          Balance Sheet Indebtedness means with respect to any Person and 
assuming such Person is required to prepare financial statements in 
accordance with GAAP, without duplication, the Indebtedness of such Person 
which would be required to be included on the liabilities side of the 
balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP excluding, in the case 
of Borrower or General Partner, the Balance Sheet Indebtedness of any 
Consolidated Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Balance Sheet 
Indebtedness shall include current liabilities and all guarantees of 
Indebtedness of any Person.

          Balloon Payments shall mean with respect to any loan 
constituting Balance Sheet Indebtedness, any required principal payment of 
such loan which is either (i) payable at the maturity of such Indebtedness 
or (ii) in an amount which exceeds fifteen percent (15%) of the original 
principal amount of such loan; provided, however, that the final payment of 
a fully amortizing loan shall not constitute a Balloon Payment.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Bank means each entity (other than Borrower) listed on the 
signature pages hereof, each Assignee which becomes a Bank pursuant to 
Section 9.6(c), and their respective successors and each Designated Lender; 
provided, however, that the term Bank shall exclude each Designated 
Lender when used in reference to a Committed Loan, the Commitments or terms 
relating to the Committed Loans and the Commitments and shall further 
exclude each Designated Lender for all other purposes hereunder except that 
any Designated Lender which funds a Money Market Loan shall, subject to 
Section 9.6(d), have the rights (including the rights given to a Bank 
contained in Sections 9.3 and 9.5 and otherwise in Article 9) and 
obligations of a Bank associated with holding such Money Market Loan. For 
purposes of this Agreement, neither J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc. nor Banc 
of America Securities LLC shall constitute a Bank.

          Bankruptcy Code shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, 
entitled Bankruptcy, as amended from time to time, and any successor 
statute or statutes.

          Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person 
becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a 
receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the 
benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or 
liquidation of its business appointed for it, provided that a Bankruptcy 
Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the 
acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a governmental 
authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such 
ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity 
from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the 
enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit 
such Person (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, 
repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such 
Person.

          Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the 
highest of (i) the Prime Rate for such day, (ii) the sum of 0.50% plus the 
Federal Funds Rate for such day, and (iii) the sum of 1.00% plus the 
Adjusted Interbank Offered Rate for such day for deposits having a one 
month maturity. Each change in the Base Rate shall become effective 
automatically as of the opening of business on the date of such change in 
the Base Rate, without prior written notice to Borrower or Banks.

          Base Rate Loan means a Committed Loan to be made by a Bank as a 
Base Rate Loan in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

          Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan 
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a 
Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by 
any member of the ERISA Group.

          Borrower means AMB Property, L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership.

          Borrowers Share means Borrowers and General Partners direct 
or indirect share of a Consolidated Subsidiary, a Joint Venture Subsidiary 
or an Investment Affiliate as reasonably determined by Borrower based upon 
Borrowers and General Partners economic interest (whether direct or 
indirect) of such Consolidated Subsidiary, Joint Venture Subsidiary or 
Investment Affiliate, as of the date of such determination.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

          Business Day means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other 
day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized by law to 
close.

          Capital Leases as applied to any Person, means any lease of any 
property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee which, 
in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease 
on the balance sheet of that Person.

          Capital Funding Loan shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.14 hereof.

          Cash or Cash Equivalents shall mean (a) cash; (b) marketable 
direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United 
States Government or issued by an agency thereof and backed by the full 
faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one (1) 
year after the date of acquisition thereof; (c) marketable direct 
obligations issued by any state of the United States of America or any 
political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality 
thereof maturing within ninety (90) days after the date of acquisition 
thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest 
ratings obtainable from any two of S&P, Moodys or Fitch (or, if at any 
time no two of the foregoing shall be rating such obligations, then from 
such other nationally recognized rating services acceptable to 
Administrative Agent ); (d) domestic corporate bonds, other than domestic 
corporate bonds issued by Borrower or any of its Affiliates, maturing no 
more than two (2) years after the date of acquisition thereof and, at the 
time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A or the equivalent from 
any two (2) of S&P, Moodys or Fitch (or, if at any time no two of the 
foregoing shall be rating such obligations, then from such other nationally 
recognized rating services acceptable to Administrative Agent); (e) 
variable-rate domestic corporate notes or medium term corporate notes, 
other than notes issued by Borrower or any of its Affiliates, maturing or 
resetting no more than one (1) year after the date of acquisition thereof 
and having a rating of at least AA or the equivalent from two of S&P, 
Moodys or Fitch (or, if at any time no two of the foregoing shall be 
rating such obligations, then from such other nationally recognized rating 
services acceptable to Administrative Agent); (f) commercial paper (foreign 
and domestic) or master notes, other than commercial paper or master notes 
issued by Borrower or any of its Affiliates, and, at the time of 
acquisition, having a long-term rating of at least A or the equivalent from 
S&P, Moodys or Fitch and having a short-term rating of at least A-1 and 
P-1 from S&P and Moodys, respectively (or, if at any time neither S&P nor 
Moodys shall be rating such obligations, then the highest rating from such 
other nationally recognized rating services acceptable to Administrative 
Agent); (g) domestic and foreign certificates of deposit or domestic time 
deposits or foreign deposits or bankers acceptances (foreign or domestic) 
in Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Singapore Dollars or an Alternate Currency 
that are issued by a bank (I) which has, at the time of acquisition, a 
long-term rating of at least A or the equivalent from S&P, Moodys or Fitch 
and (II) if a domestic bank, which is a member of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation; (h) overnight securities repurchase agreements, or 
reverse repurchase agreements secured by any of the foregoing types of 
securities or debt instruments, provided that the collateral supporting 
such repurchase agreements shall have a value not less than 101% of the 
principal amount of the repurchase agreement plus accrued interest; and (i) 
money market funds invested in investments substantially all of which 
consist of the items described in clauses (a) through (h) foregoing.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Closing Date means the date on or after the Effective Date on 
which the conditions set forth in Section 3.1 shall have been satisfied to 
the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent.

          Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and as it may be further amended from time to time, any successor statutes 
thereto, and applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued 
pursuant thereto in temporary or final form.

          Collateralized LC Exposure has the meaning set forth in Section 
9.16(c).

          Commitment means, with respect to each Bank, its Dollar 
Commitment and its Alternate Currency Commitment, it being understood, 
however, that the aggregate amount of any Banks Commitment shall be equal 
only to its Dollar Commitment (and not to the sum of its Dollar Commitment 
and Alternate Currency Commitment) and that any amounts borrowed under one 
commitment shall reduce, dollar for dollar, the availability under the 
other).

          Committed Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

          Committed Loan means a loan made by a Bank pursuant to Section 
2.1, as well as Loans required to be made by a Bank pursuant to Section 
2.17 to reimburse a Fronting Bank for a Letter of Credit that has been 
drawn down; provided that, if any such loan or loans (or portions thereof) 
are combined or subdivided pursuant to a Notice of Interest Rate Election, 
the term Committed Loan shall refer to the combined principal amount 
resulting from such combination or to each of the separate principal 
amounts resulting from such subdivision, as the case may be.

          Consolidated Subsidiary means at any date any Subsidiary or 
other entity which is consolidated with Borrower or General Partner in 
accordance with GAAP.

          Consolidated Subsidiary EBITDA means, with respect to a 
Consolidated Subsidiary, for any period, (i) Income from Operations of such 
Consolidated Subsidiary for such period, plus (ii) depreciation and 
amortization expense and other non-cash items deducted in the calculation 
of Income from Operations of such Consolidated Subsidiary for such period, 
plus (iii) Interest Expense deducted in the calculation of Income from 
Operations of such Consolidated Subsidiary for such period, all of the 
foregoing without duplication.

          Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means, at any time, the 
tangible net worth of Borrower, on a consolidated basis, determined in 
accordance with GAAP, plus preferred units issued by Consolidated 
Subsidiaries, plus all accumulated depreciation and amortization of 
Borrower plus Borrowers Share of accumulated depreciation and amortization 
of Investment Affiliates, deducted, in either case, from earnings in 
calculating Net Income.

          Construction Asset has the meaning set forth in the definition 
of the term Construction Asset Cost.

          Construction Asset Cost shall mean, with respect to a Real 
Property Asset (or, in the case of any Real Property Asset to be developed 
in phases, any phase thereof) in which Development Activity has begun (as 
evidenced by obtaining a permit to commence construction

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of the applicable industrial or retail improvements by the applicable 
governmental authority) but has not yet been substantially completed 
(substantial completion shall be deemed to mean not less than 90% 
completion, as such completion shall be evidenced by a certificate of 
occupancy or its equivalent and the commencement of the payment of rent by 
tenants of such Real Property Asset or phase) (a Construction Asset), (i) 
in the case of the development and construction by the Borrower described 
in clause (a) of the definition of Development Activity, the aggregate, 
good faith estimate of the total cost to be incurred by the Borrower in the 
construction of such improvements (including land acquisition costs); (ii) 
in the case of the development and construction by a Joint Venture 
Subsidiary or a Consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower described in clause 
(a) of the definition of Development Activity, an amount equal to 
Borrowers Share of the aggregate, good faith estimate of the total cost to 
be incurred by such Joint Venture Subsidiary or such Consolidated 
Subsidiary, as applicable, in the construction of such improvements 
(including land acquisition costs); (iii) in the case of the financing of 
any development and construction by the Borrower, the amount the Borrower 
has committed to fund to pay the cost to complete such development and 
construction, (iv) in the case of the financing of any development and 
construction by a Joint Venture Subsidiary or a Consolidated Subsidiary of 
the Borrower, an amount equal to Borrowers Share of the amount such Joint 
Venture Subsidiary or such Consolidated Subsidiary, as applicable, has 
committed to fund to pay the cost to complete such development and 
construction; (v) in the case of the incurrence of any Contingent 
Obligations in connection with any development and construction by the 
Borrower, the amount of such Contingent Obligation of the Borrower, (vi) in 
the case of the incurrence of any Contingent Obligations in connection with 
any development and construction by a Joint Venture Subsidiary or a 
Consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower, an amount equal to Borrowers 
Share of the amount of such Contingent Obligation of such Joint Venture 
Subsidiary or such Consolidated Subsidiary, as applicable.

          Contingent Obligation as to any Person means, without 
duplication, (i) any contingent obligation of such Person required to be 
shown on such Persons balance sheet in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) any 
obligation required to be disclosed in the footnotes to such Persons 
financial statements, guaranteeing partially or in whole any Non-Recourse 
Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation, exclusive of contractual 
indemnities (including, without limitation, any indemnity or 
price-adjustment provision relating to the purchase or sale of securities 
or other assets) and guarantees of non-monetary obligations (other than 
guarantees of completion) which have not yet been called on or quantified, 
of such Person or of any other Person. The amount of any Contingent 
Obligation described in clause (ii) shall be deemed to be (a) with respect 
to a guaranty of interest or interest and principal, or operating income 
guaranty, the Net Present Value of the sum of all payments required to be 
made thereunder (which in the case of an operating income guaranty shall be 
deemed to be equal to the debt service for the note secured thereby), 
calculated at the Applicable Interest Rate, through (i) in the case of an 
interest or interest and principal guaranty, the stated date of maturity of 
the obligation (and commencing on the date interest could first be payable 
thereunder), or (ii) in the case of an operating income guaranty, the date 
through which such guaranty will remain in effect, and (b) with respect to 
all guarantees not covered by the preceding clause (a), an amount equal to 
the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of 
which such guaranty is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum 
reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person 
is required to perform thereunder) as recorded on the balance sheet and on 
the footnotes to the most recent financial statements of Borrower required 
to be delivered pursuant to Section

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

5.1 hereof. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, 
guarantees of completion shall not be deemed to be Contingent Obligations 
unless and until a claim for payment or performance has been made 
thereunder, at which time any such guaranty of completion shall be deemed 
to be a Contingent Obligation in an amount equal to any such claim. Subject 
to the preceding sentence, (i) in the case of a joint and several guaranty 
given by such Person and another Person (but only to the extent such 
guaranty is recourse, directly or indirectly to Borrower), the amount of 
the guaranty shall be deemed to be 100% thereof unless and only to the 
extent that such other Person has delivered Cash or Cash Equivalents to 
secure all or any part of such Persons guaranteed obligations, (ii) in the 
case of joint and several guarantees given by a Person in whom Borrower 
owns an interest (which guarantees are non-recourse to Borrower), to the 
extent the guarantees, in the aggregate, exceed 15% of Total Asset Value, 
the amount which is the lesser of (x) the amount in excess of 15% or (y) 
the amount of Borrowers interest therein shall be deemed to be a 
Contingent Obligation of Borrower, and (iii) in the case of a guaranty 
(whether or not joint and several) of an obligation otherwise constituting 
Indebtedness of such Person, the amount of such guaranty shall be deemed to 
be only that amount in excess of the amount of the obligation constituting 
Indebtedness of such Person. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to 
the contrary, Contingent Obligations shall be deemed not to include 
guarantees of Unused Commitments or of construction loans to the extent the 
same have not been drawn. All matters constituting Contingent Obligations 
shall be calculated without duplication.

          Convertible Securities means evidences of shares of stock, 
limited or general partnership interests or other ownership interests, 
warrants, options, or other rights or securities which are convertible into 
or exchangeable for, with or without payment of additional consideration, 
common shares of beneficial interest of General Partner or partnership 
interests of Borrower, as the case may be, either immediately or upon the 
arrival of a specified date or the happening of a specified event.

          Covenant Modification has the meaning set forth in Section 
9.5(b).

          Credit Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(b).

          Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Bank, 
the Swingline Lender or any other Bank.

          Credit Rating means the rating assigned by the Rating Agencies 
to Borrowers senior unsecured long term indebtedness.

          Debt Restructuring means a restatement of, or material change 
in, the amortization or other financial terms of any Indebtedness of 
General Partner, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Investment Affiliate.

          Debt Service means, for any period and without duplication, 
Interest Expense for such period plus scheduled principal amortization 
(excluding Balloon Payments) for such period on all Balance Sheet 
Indebtedness of Borrower and General Partner, plus Borrowers Share of 
scheduled principal amortization (excluding Balloon Payments) for such 
period on all Balance Sheet Indebtedness of Investment Affiliates and 
Consolidated Subsidiaries.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Default means any condition or event which with the giving of 
notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an 
Event of Default.

          Default Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(d).

          Defaulting Lender means any Bank that (a) has failed, within 
three (3) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) 
fund any portion of its Loans, or (ii) fund any portion of its 
participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans, (b) has failed, 
within five (5) Business Days of the date on which demand for payment is 
made to pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid 
by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, such 
Bank notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the 
result of such Banks good faith determination that a condition precedent 
to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, 
if any) has not been satisfied, (c) has notified the Borrower or any Credit 
Party in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding 
obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing indicates that such 
position is based on such Banks good faith determination that a condition 
precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if 
any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied), (d) has 
failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting 
in good faith and based on a reasonable belief that such Person will fail 
to comply with its funding obligations, to provide a confirmation in 
writing from such Bank that it will comply with its obligations to fund 
prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit 
and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Bank shall 
cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (d) upon such 
Credit Partys receipt of such confirmation, or (e) has become the subject 
of a Bankruptcy Event.

          Designated Lender means a special purpose corporation that (i) 
shall have become a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.6(d), and 
(ii) is not otherwise a Bank.

          Designated Lender Notes means promissory notes of the Borrower, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, evidencing the obligation 
of the Borrower to repay Money Market Loans made by Designated Lenders, and 
Designated Lender Note means any one of such promissory notes issued 
under Section 9.6(d) hereof.

          Designating Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
9.6(d) hereof.

          Designation Agreement means a designation agreement in 
substantially the form of Exhibit G attached hereto, entered into by a Bank 
and a Designated Lender and accepted by the Administrative Agent.

          Development Activity means (a) the development and construction 
or redevelopment of industrial or retail facilities by the Borrower or any 
of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or Joint Venture Subsidiaries excluding 
Unimproved Assets, (b) the financing by the Borrower or any of its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries or Joint Venture Subsidiaries of any such 
development or construction or redevelopment and (c) the incurrence by the 
Borrower or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or Joint Venture 
Subsidiaries of any Contingent Obligations in connection with such 
development or construction or redevelopment (other than purchase

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

contracts for Real Property Assets which are not payable until after 
completion of development or construction).

          Development Profits means, for any period, the net gain or loss 
recognized from the disposition or contribution of value-added conversion 
projects and build-to-suit, redevelopment and development projects as 
reported net of estimated taxes, when applicable, in the development 
profits, net of taxes, line within the Borrowers statements of operations 
for such period.

          Dollar Commitment means with respect to each Bank, the amount 
set forth under the name of such Bank on the signature pages hereof as its 
commitment for Loans and Letters of Credit in Dollars (and, for each Bank 
which is an Assignee, the amount set forth in the Transfer Supplement 
entered into pursuant to Section 9.6(c) as the Assignees Dollar 
Commitment), as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to 
Section 2.11(e) or in connection with an assignment to an Assignee, and as 
such amount may be increased in connection with an assignment from an 
Assignor or pursuant to Section 9.19. The initial aggregate amount of the 
Banks Dollar Commitments is $600,000,000.

          Dollar Equivalent Amount shall mean (i) with respect to any 
amount of Alternate Currency on any day, the equivalent amount in Dollars 
of such amount of Alternate Currency as determined by the Administrative 
Agent using the applicable Exchange Rate on such day and (ii) with respect 
to any amount of Dollars, such amount.

          Dollar Sublimit means, an amount of Loans and Letters of Credit 
denominated in Dollars equal to Six Hundred Million Dollars ($600,000,000), 
as the same may be decreased in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement or increased pursuant to Section 9.19.

          Dollars and $ means the lawful money of the United States.

          Domestic Lending Office means, as to each Bank, its office 
located at its address in the United States set forth in its Administrative 
Questionnaire (or identified in its Administrative Questionnaire as its 
Domestic Lending Office) or such other office as such Bank may hereafter 
designate as its Domestic Lending Office by notice to the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent.

          EBITDA means, for any period (i) Borrowers and General 
Partners Income from Operations for such period, plus (ii) Borrowers and 
General Partners depreciation and amortization expense and other non-cash 
items deducted in the calculation of Income from Operations for such 
period, plus (iii) Borrowers and General Partners Interest Expense 
deducted in the calculation of Income from Operations for such period, 
minus (iv) the Consolidated Subsidiary EBITDA for each Consolidated 
Subsidiary, plus (v) Borrowers Share of the Consolidated Subsidiary EBITDA 
for each Consolidated Subsidiary, plus (vi) Borrowers Share of the 
Investment Affiliate EBITDA for each Investment Affiliate, all of the 
foregoing without duplication.

          Effective Date means the date this Agreement becomes effective 
in accordance with Section 9.9.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Environmental Affiliate means any partnership, joint venture, 
trust or corporation in which an equity interest is owned directly or 
indirectly by the Borrower and, as a result of the ownership of such equity 
interest, Borrower may have recourse liability for Environmental Claims 
against such partnership, joint venture, trust or corporation (or the 
property thereof).

          Environmental Claim means, with respect to any Person, any 
notice, claim, demand or similar communication (written or oral) by any 
other Person alleging potential liability of such Person for investigatory 
costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural resources 
damage, property damages, personal injuries, fines or penalties arising out 
of, based on or resulting from (i) the presence, or release into the 
environment, of any Materials of Environmental Concern at any location, 
whether or not owned by such Person or (ii) circumstances forming the basis 
of any violation, or alleged violation, of any Environmental Law, in each 
case (with respect to both (i) and (ii) above) as to which there is a 
reasonable possibility of an adverse determination with respect thereto and 
which, if adversely determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Borrower.

          Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, and local 
statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, 
judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, 
grants, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating 
to the environment, the effect of the environment on human health or to 
emissions, discharges or releases of Materials of Environmental Concern 
into the environment including, without limitation, ambient air, surface 
water, ground water, or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, 
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or 
handling of Materials of Environmental Concern or the clean up or other 
remediation thereof.

          ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended, or any successor statute.

          ERISA Group means the Borrower, any Subsidiary, General Partner 
and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or 
businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control and all 
members of an affiliated service group which, together with the Borrower, 
any Subsidiary or General Partner, are treated as a single employer under 
Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA.

          Euro-Dollar Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

          Euro-Dollar Business Day means any Business Day on which banks 
are open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market and 
any day on which commercial banks are open for foreign exchange business in 
(i) London, or (ii) if such reference relates to the date on which any 
amount is to be paid or made available in an Alternate Currency, the 
principal financial center in the country of such Alternate Currency.

          Euro-Dollar Lending Office means, as to each Bank, its office, 
branch or affiliate located at its address set forth in its Administrative 
Questionnaire (or identified in its Administrative Questionnaire as its 
Euro-Dollar Lending Office) or such other office, branch or

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

affiliate of such Bank as it may hereafter designate as its Euro-Dollar 
Lending Office by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

          Euro-Dollar Loan means a Committed Loan to be made by a Bank as 
a Euro-Dollar Loan in accordance with the applicable Notice of Borrowing. 
Euro-Dollar Loans may be denominated in a currency included in the 
definition of Alternate Currency or in Dollars.

          Euro-Dollar Reference Bank means the principal London offices 
of the Administrative Agent.

          Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage means for any day that 
percentage (expressed as a decimal) which is in effect on such day, as 
prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any 
successor) under Regulation D, as Regulation D may be amended, modified or 
supplemented, for determining the maximum reserve requirement for a member 
bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding 
five billion dollars in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities (or in 
respect of any other category of liabilities which includes deposits by 
reference to which the interest rate on Euro-Dollar Loans is determined or 
any category of extensions of credit or other assets which includes loans 
by a non-United States office of any Bank to United States residents). The 
Adjusted Interbank Offered Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as 
of the effective date of any change in the Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage.

          European Term Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in 
Section 9.5(b).

          Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

          Exchange Rate means, (i) the rate appearing on the relevant 
display page (as determined by the Administrative Agent) on the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service for the sale of the applicable Alternate 
Currency for Dollars in the London foreign exchange market at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (London time) for delivery two (2) Euro-Dollar Business Days 
later or if not available (ii) the spot selling rate at which the 
Administrative Agent offers to sell such Alternate Currency for Dollars in 
the London foreign exchange market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London 
time) for delivery two Euro-Dollar Business Days later; provided, however, 
that if, at the time of any such determination, no such spot rate can 
reasonably be quoted, the Administrative Agent may use any reasonable 
method (including obtaining quotes from two (2) or more market makers for 
the applicable Alternate Currency) as it deems applicable to determine such 
rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

          Existing Revolving Credit Agreement means the Third Amended and 
Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2006, among the 
Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and the banks party thereto.

          Extension Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(b).

          Extension Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9(d).

          Extension Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(b).

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Facility Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

          Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum 
(rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to the 
weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with 
members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on 
such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the 
Business Day next succeeding such day, provided that (i) if such day is not 
a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on 
such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the 
next succeeding Business Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published on 
such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day 
shall be the average rate quoted to the Administrative Agent on such day on 
such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.

          Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System as constituted from time to time.

          FFO means funds from operations, defined to mean, without 
duplication for any period, Income from Operations, plus (i) Borrowers 
Share of Income from Operations of any Investment Affiliate (plus 
Borrowers Share of real estate depreciation and amortization expenses of 
Investment Affiliates), plus (ii) real estate depreciation and amortization 
expense for such period.

          Financing Partnerships means any Subsidiary which is 
wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by Borrower or by Borrower and 
General Partner, with General Partner holding, directly or indirectly other 
than through its interest in Borrower, no more than a 2% economic interest 
in such Subsidiary.

          First Tier JV has the meaning set forth in Section 5.14.

          Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of a Fiscal Year.

          Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of Borrower and General 
Partner.

          Fitch means Fitch, Inc., or any successor thereto.

          Fixed Charges for any Fiscal Quarter period means the sum of 
(i) Debt Service for such period, (ii) dividends on preferred units payable 
by Borrower for such period, and (iii) distributions made by Borrower in 
such period to Guarantor for the purpose of paying dividends on preferred 
shares in Guarantor. If any of the foregoing Indebtedness is subject to an 
interest rate cap agreement purchased by the Borrower, the Guarantor or a 
Consolidated Subsidiary, the interest rate shall be assumed to be the lower 
of the actual interest payable on such Indebtedness or the capped rate of 
such interest rate cap agreement. In no event shall any dividends payable 
on the Guarantors or any Consolidated Subsidiarys common stock be 
included in Fixed Charges.

          Fixed Rate Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

          Fixed Rate Indebtedness means all Indebtedness which accrues 
interest at a fixed rate.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Floating Rate Indebtedness means all Indebtedness which is not 
Fixed Rate Indebtedness and which is not a Contingent Obligation or an 
Unused Commitment.

          FMV Cap Rate means seven and three-quarters percent (7.75%).

          Foreign Property Interests means Borrowers or General 
Partners interest, without duplication, in Properties located outside the 
United States.

          Fronting Bank shall mean JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

          GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles recognized 
as such in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles 
Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such 
other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting 
profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of 
determination.

          General Partner means AMB Property Corporation, a Maryland 
corporation qualified as a real estate investment trust and the sole 
general partner of Borrower.

          Group of Loans means, at any time, a group of Loans consisting 
of (i) all Committed Loans which are Base Rate Loans at such time, or (ii) 
all Euro-Dollar Loans in the same currency having the same Interest Period 
at such time; provided that, if a Committed Loan of any particular Bank is 
converted to or made as a Base Rate Loan pursuant to Section 8.2 or 8.5, 
such Loan shall be included in the same Group or Groups of Loans from time 
to time as it would have been in if it had not been so converted or made.

          Guarantor shall mean AMB Property Corporation, a Maryland 
corporation qualified as a real estate investment trust.

          Guaranty shall mean that certain Guaranty Agreement, dated as 
of the date hereof, by General Partner, as guarantor, to Administrative 
Agent, for the benefit of the Banks.

          IBOR Auction means a solicitation of Money Market Quotes 
setting forth Money Market Margins based on the Interbank Offered Rate 
pursuant to Section 2.4.

          Income from Operations means, for any period, Net Income before 
(A) the deduction of (i) Taxes, (ii) minority interests, (iii) losses on 
sales of operating Real Property Assets, debt restructurings or write-ups 
or forgiveness of indebtedness, (iv) losses from extraordinary items, (v) 
payment of preferred dividends, calculated in conformity with GAAP, (vi) an 
adjustment to exclude the straight-lining of rents, (vii) non-cash losses 
from foreign currency fluctuations, and (viii) costs and expenses incurred 
during such period with respect to acquisitions consummated during such 
period, and (B) the addition of (i) gains on sales of operating Real 
Property Assets, debt restructurings or write-ups or forgiveness of 
indebtedness, (ii) gains from extraordinary items, and (iii) non-cash gains 
from foreign currency fluctuations.

          Indebtedness as applied to any Person (and without 
duplication), means (a) all indebtedness, obligations or other liabilities 
of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of 
property or services, including all liabilities of such Person evidenced

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

by Securities or other similar instruments, (b) all Contingent Obligations 
of such Person, (c) all indebtedness obligations or other liabilities of 
such Person or others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, in 
excess of 2.5% of Total Liabilities in the aggregate, whether or not such 
indebtedness, obligations or liabilities are assumed by, or are a personal 
liability of such Person, and (d) all other items which, in accordance with 
GAAP, would be included as liabilities on the liability side of, or in the 
footnotes to the balance sheet of such Person, exclusive, however, of all 
dividends and distributions declared but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, whenever the term Indebtedness is used with respect to 
Borrower or General Partner without expressly stating that such 
Indebtedness is to be determined on a consolidated basis, such 
Indebtedness shall only include Borrowers Share of any Indebtedness of a 
Consolidated Subsidiary.

          Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b).

          Interbank Offered Rate applicable to any Interest Period means 
the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%) 
of the respective rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars or Alternate 
Currency, as applicable, are offered to the Euro-Dollar Reference Bank in 
the interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two 
Euro-Dollar Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period in 
an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the Euro-Dollar 
Borrowing or Group of Loans or portion thereof to be converted into or 
continued as Euro-Dollar Loans to which such Interest Period is to apply 
and for a period of time comparable to such Interest Period.

          Interest Expense means, for any period and without duplication, 
total interest expense, whether paid, accrued or capitalized, determined in 
accordance with GAAP, with respect to Balance Sheet Indebtedness of 
Borrower and General Partner, plus Borrowers Share of accrued, paid or 
capitalized interest with respect to any Balance Sheet Indebtedness of 
Investment Affiliates and Consolidated Subsidiaries (in each case, 
including, without limitation, the interest component of Capital Leases but 
excluding interest expense covered by an interest reserve established under 
a loan facility such as capitalized construction interest provided for in a 
construction loan, and non-cash components of interest expense (including, 
but not limited to, the amortization of financing costs and debt 
premiums)).

          Interest Period means: (1) with respect to each Euro-Dollar 
Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing specified in 
the Notice of Borrowing or on the date specified in the applicable Notice 
of Interest Rate Election and ending 1, 2, 3, 6, or if available from all 
the Banks, 12 months thereafter (or a period less than 1 month with the 
reasonable approval of Administrative Agent, unless any Bank has previously 
advised Administrative Agent and Borrower that it is unable to enter into 
Interbank Offered Rate Contracts for an Interest Period of the same 
duration) as the Borrower may elect in the applicable Notice of Borrowing 
or Notice of Interest Rate Election; provided, that:

     (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is 
not a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding 
Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in 
another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the 
next preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day;

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Euro-Dollar Business 
Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) 
shall end on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar month; and

     (c) no Interest Period may end later than the Maturity Date.

(2) intentionally omitted.

(3) with respect to each Money Market IBOR Loan, the period commencing on 
the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Money Market Quote 
Request and ending 1, 2 or 3 months thereafter; provided that:

     (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is 
not a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding 
Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in 
another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the 
next preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day;

     (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Euro-Dollar Business 
Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) 
shall, subject to clause (c) below, end on the last Euro-Dollar Business 
Day of a calendar month; and

     (c) no Interest Period may end later than the Maturity Date.

(4) with respect to each Money Market Absolute Rate Loan, the period 
commencing on the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Money 
Market Quote Request and ending such number of days thereafter (but not 
less than 14 days or more than 90 days) as the Borrower may elect in 
accordance with Section 2.4; provided that:

     (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is 
not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day; 
and

     (b) no Interest Period may end later than the Maturity Date.

          Interest Rate Contracts means, collectively, interest rate 
swap, collar, cap or similar agreements providing interest rate protection.

          Intermediate Tier Entity has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.14.

          International FinCo has the meaning set forth in Section 5.14.

          Intracompany Indebtedness means Indebtedness whose obligor and 
obligee are each the Borrower, the Guarantor or a Consolidated Subsidiary.

          Investment Affiliate means any Person in whom Guarantor or 
Borrower holds an equity interest, directly or indirectly, whose financial 
results are not consolidated under

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

GAAP with the financial results of Guarantor or Borrower on the 
consolidated financial statements of General Partner and Borrower.

          Investment Affiliate EBITDA means, for any period (i) Income 
from Operations of an Investment Affiliate for such period, plus (ii) 
depreciation and amortization expense and other non-cash items deducted in 
the calculation of Income from Operations of such Investment Affiliate for 
such period, plus (iii) Interest Expense deducted in the calculation of 
Income from Operations of such Investment Affiliate for such period, all of 
the foregoing without duplication.

          Investment Grade Rating means a rating for a Persons senior 
long-term unsecured debt of BBB- or better from S&P or a rating of Baa3 or 
better from Moodys. In the event that Borrower receives Credit Ratings 
only from S&P and Moodys, and such Credit Ratings are not equivalent, the 
higher of such two (2) Credit Ratings shall be used to determine whether an 
Investment Grade Rating was achieved. In the event that Borrower receives 
more than two (2) Credit Ratings, and such Credit Ratings are not all 
equivalent, the highest Credit Rating shall be used to determine whether an 
Investment Grade Rating was achieved, provided that said highest rating is 
from S&P or Moodys; provided, further, that if the highest rating is not 
from S&P or Moodys, then the highest Credit Rating from either S&P or 
Moodys shall be used to determine whether an Investment Grade Rating was 
achieved.

          Investment Mortgages means mortgages securing indebtedness with 
respect to Real Property Assets directly or indirectly owed to Borrower or 
any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, certificates of 
interest in real estate mortgage investment conduits.

          Invitation for Money Market Quotes has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.4(c).

          Joint Bookrunners means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill 
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, in their capacity as Joint 
Bookrunners hereunder.

          Joint Lead Arrangers means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, in their capacity as 
Joint Lead Arrangers hereunder.

          Joint Lenders has the meaning set forth in Section 5.14.

          Joint Venture Interests means partnership, joint venture, 
membership or other equity interests issued by any Person which is an 
Investment Affiliate that is not a Subsidiary, is not consolidated with 
Borrower and is not controlled by a Joint Venture Parent.

          Joint Venture Parent means Borrower or one or more Financing 
Partnerships of Borrower which directly or indirectly owns any interest in 
a Joint Venture Subsidiary.

          Joint Venture Subsidiary means any entity (other than a 
Financing Partnership) in which (i) a Joint Venture Parent owns at least 
50% of the economic interests and (ii) the sale or financing of any 
Property owned by such Joint Venture Subsidiary is substantially controlled 
by a Joint Venture Parent, subject to customary provisions set forth in the 
organizational documents of such Joint Venture Subsidiary with respect to 
refinancings or rights of first refusal granted to other members of such 
Joint Venture Subsidiary. For purposes of the preceding

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

sentence, the sale or financing of a Property owned by a Joint Venture 
Subsidiary shall be deemed to be substantially controlled by a Joint 
Venture Parent, if such Joint Venture Parent has the ability to exercise a 
buy-sell right in the event of a disagreement regarding the sale or 
financing of such Property.

          JV Non-US Property Owner has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.14.

          LC Exposure has the meaning set forth in Section 9.16(c).

          Letter(s) of Credit has the meaning provided in Section 2.2(b).

          Letter of Credit Collateral has the meaning provided in Section 
6.4.

          Letter of Credit Collateral Account has the meaning provided in 
Section 6.4.

          Letter of Credit Documents has the meaning provided in Section 
2.17.

          Letter of Credit Usage means at any time the sum of (i) the 
aggregate maximum amount available to be drawn under the Letters of Credit 
then outstanding, assuming compliance with all requirements for drawing 
referred to therein, and (ii) the aggregate amount of the Borrowers unpaid 
obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Letters of Credit.

          Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, 
pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind, or any other 
type of preferential arrangement, in each case that has the effect of 
creating a security interest, in respect of such asset. For the purposes of 
this Agreement, Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary shall be deemed to 
own subject to a Lien any asset which it has acquired or holds subject to 
the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, 
capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such asset.

          Loan means a Base Rate Loan, a Euro-Dollar Loan, a Money Market 
Loan or a Swingline Loan and Loans means Base Rate Loans, Euro-Dollar 
Loans, Money Market Loans or Swingline Loans or any combination of the 
foregoing.

          Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty, 
the Letter(s) of Credit and the Letter of Credit Documents.

          Majority Banks means at any time Banks having at least 51% of 
the aggregate amount of Commitments, or if the Commitments shall have been 
terminated, holding Notes evidencing at least 51% of the aggregate unpaid 
principal amount of the Loans, (provided, that in the case of Swingline 
Loans, the amount of each Banks funded participation interest in such 
Swingline Loans shall be considered for purposes hereof as if it were a 
direct loan and not a participation interest, and the aggregate amount of 
Swingline Loans owing to the Swingline Lender shall be considered for 
purposes hereof as reduced by the amount of such funded participation 
interests).

          Mandatory Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.3(b)(iii).

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Material Acquisition means, during any twelve (12) month 
period, the acquisition of one or more Real Property Assets or portfolios 
of Real Property Assets or operating businesses, each of which Real 
Property Assets, portfolio of Real Property Assets or operating businesses, 
as the case may be, individually had a purchase price of not less than 3% 
of Total Asset Value and all of which Real Property Assets, portfolio of 
Real Property Assets or operating businesses collectively had an aggregate 
purchase price of 7.5% or more of Total Asset Value.

          Material Adverse Effect means an effect resulting from any 
circumstance or event or series of circumstances or events, of whatever 
nature (but excluding general economic conditions), which does or could 
reasonably be expected to, materially and adversely impair (i) the ability 
of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to 
perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents, or (ii) the 
ability of Administrative Agent or the Banks to enforce the Loan Documents.

          Materials of Environmental Concern means and includes 
pollutants, contaminants, hazardous wastes, toxic and hazardous substances, 
asbestos, lead, petroleum and petroleum by-products.

          Maturity Date shall mean the date when all of the Obligations 
hereunder shall be due and payable which shall be March 1, 2014, unless 
otherwise extended in accordance with Section 2.10(b) or accelerated 
pursuant to the terms hereof.

          Money Market Absolute Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.4(d)(2).

          Money Market Absolute Rate Loan means a loan to be made by a 
Bank pursuant to an Absolute Rate Auction.

          Money Market Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 
1.3.

          Money Market IBOR Loan means a loan to be made by a Bank 
pursuant to a IBOR Auction (including, without limitation, such a loan 
bearing interest at the Base Rate pursuant to Article VIII).

          Money Market Lending Office means, as to each Bank, its 
Domestic Lending Office or such other office, branch or affiliate of such 
Bank as it may hereafter designate as its Money Market Lending Office by 
notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; provided that any Bank 
may from time to time by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative 
Agent designate separate Money Market Lending Offices for its Money Market 
IBOR Loans, on the one hand, and its Money Market Absolute Rate Loans, on 
the other hand, in which case all references herein to the Money Market 
Lending Office of such Bank shall be deemed to refer to either or both of 
such offices, as the context may require.

          Money Market Loan means a Money Market IBOR Loan or a Money 
Market Absolute Rate Loan.

          Money Market Margin has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.4(d)(2).

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Money Market Quote means an offer by a Bank to make a Money 
Market Loan in accordance with Section 2.4.

          Money Market Quote Request has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.4(b).

          Moodys means Moodys Investors Services, Inc. or any successor 
thereto.

          Multiemployer Plan means at any time an employee pension 
benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any 
member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make 
contributions or has at any time after September 25, 1980 made 
contributions or has been required to make contributions (for these 
purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group after 
September 25, 1980 will be treated as a member of the ERISA Group).

          Negative Pledge means, with respect to any Property, any 
covenant, condition, or other restriction entered into by the owner of such 
Property or directly binding on such Property which prohibits or limits the 
creation or assumption of any Lien upon such Property to secure any or all 
of the Obligations; provided, however, that such term shall not include (a) 
any covenant, condition or restriction contained in any ground lease from a 
governmental entity, and (b) financial covenants given for the benefit of 
any Person that may be violated by the granting of any Lien on any Property 
to secure any or all of the Obligations.

          Net Income means, for any period, net income as calculated in 
conformity with GAAP.

          Net Offering Proceeds means all cash or other assets received 
by General Partner or Borrower as a result of the issuance or sale of 
common shares of beneficial interest, preferred shares of beneficial 
interest, partnership interests, preferred partnership units, limited 
liability company interests, Convertible Securities or other ownership or 
equity interests in General Partner or Borrower less customary costs and 
discounts of issuance paid by General Partner or Borrower, as the case may 
be.

          Net Price means, with respect to the purchase of any Property, 
without duplication, (i) the aggregate purchase price paid as cash 
consideration for such purchase (without adjustment for prorations), 
including, without limitation, the principal amount of any note received or 
other deferred payment to be made in connection with such purchase (except 
as described in clause (ii) below) and the value of any non-cash 
consideration delivered in connection with such purchase (including, 
without limitation, shares or preferred shares of beneficial interest in 
General Partner and OP Units or Preferred OP Units (as defined in 
Borrowers partnership agreement)) plus (ii) reasonable costs of sale and 
non-recurring taxes paid or payable in connection with such purchase or 
sale.

          Net Present Value shall mean, as to a specified or 
ascertainable dollar amount, the present value, as of the date of 
calculation of any such amount using a discount rate equal to the Base Rate 
in effect as of the date of such calculation.

          Non-Recourse Indebtedness means Indebtedness with respect to 
which recourse for payment is limited to (i) specific Property or 
Properties encumbered by a Lien securing such

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Indebtedness and/or another Person so long as there is no recourse to 
Borrower or the General Partner, or (ii) any Consolidated Subsidiary or 
Investment Affiliate (provided that if an entity is a partnership, there is 
no recourse to Borrower or General Partner as a general partner of such 
partnership); provided, however, that personal recourse of Borrower or 
General Partner for any such Indebtedness for fraud, misrepresentation, 
misapplication of cash, waste, environmental claims and liabilities and 
other circumstances customarily excluded by institutional lenders from 
exculpation provisions and/or included in separate indemnification 
agreements in non-recourse financing of real estate shall not, by itself, 
prevent such Indebtedness from being characterized as Non-Recourse 
Indebtedness. For purposes of the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, 
(a) if the Indebtedness is partially guaranteed by the Borrower or the 
General Partner, then the portion of such Indebtedness that is not so 
guaranteed shall still be Non-Recourse Indebtedness if it otherwise 
satisfies the requirements in this definition, and (b) if the liability of 
Borrower or the General Partner under any such guaranty is itself limited 
to specific Property or Properties, then such Indebtedness shall still be 
Non-Recourse Indebtedness if such Indebtedness otherwise satisfies the 
requirements of this definition.

          Non-US Property has the meaning set forth in Section 5.14.

          Non-US Property Owners has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.14.

          Notes means the promissory notes of the Borrower and each 
Qualified Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A and Exhibit A-1 
hereto, respectively, evidencing the obligation of the Borrower to repay 
the Loans, and Note means any one of such promissory notes issued 
hereunder.

          Notice of Borrowing means a notice from Borrower in accordance 
with Section 2.2 or Section 2.3(b)(i).

          Notice of Interest Rate Election has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.7.

          Obligations means all obligations, liabilities, indemnity 
obligations and Indebtedness of every nature of the Borrower, from time to 
time owing to Administrative Agent or any Bank under or in connection with 
this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

          Parent means, with respect to any Bank, any Person as to which 
such Bank is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.

          Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(b).

          PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any 
entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

          Permitted Holdings means Unimproved Assets, interests in 
Taxable REIT Subsidiaries and Investment Mortgages, but only to the extent 
permitted in Section 5.8.

          Permitted Liens means:

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     a. Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet 
due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted in accordance with 
the terms hereof;

     b. statutory liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen 
and other similar liens imposed by law, which are incurred in the ordinary 
course of business for sums not more than sixty (60) days delinquent or 
which are being contested in good faith in accordance with the terms 
hereof;

     c. deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with 
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security 
legislation or to secure liabilities to insurance carriers;

     d. utility deposits and other deposits to secure the performance of 
bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, purchase 
contracts, construction contracts, governmental contracts, statutory 
obligations, surety bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a 
like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

     e. Liens for purchase money obligations for equipment (or Liens to 
secure Indebtedness incurred within 90 days after the purchase of any 
equipment to pay all or a portion of the purchase price thereof or to 
secure Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the 
acquisition of any such equipment, or extensions, renewals, or replacements 
of any of the foregoing for the same or lesser amount); provided that (i) 
the Indebtedness secured by any such Lien does not exceed the purchase 
price of such equipment, (ii) any such Lien encumbers only the asset so 
purchased and the proceeds upon sale, disposition, loss or destruction 
thereof, and (iii) such Lien, after giving effect to the Indebtedness 
secured thereby, does not give rise to an Event of Default;

     f. easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, other similar 
charges or encumbrances and all other items listed on Schedule B to 
Borrowers owners title insurance policies, except in connection with any 
Indebtedness, for any of Borrowers Real Property Assets, so long as the 
foregoing do not interfere in any material respect with the use or ordinary 
conduct of the business of Borrower and do not diminish in any material 
respect the value of the Property to which it is attached or for which it 
is listed;

     g. (I) Liens and judgments which have been or will be bonded (and the 
Lien on any cash or securities serving as security for such bond) or 
released of record within thirty (30) days after the date such Lien or 
judgment is entered or filed against General Partner, Borrower, or any 
Subsidiary, or (II) Liens which are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings for review and in respect of which there shall have 
been secured a subsisting stay of execution pending such appeal or 
proceedings and as to which the subject asset is not at risk of forfeiture;

     h. Liens on Property of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (other than 
Unencumbered Property) securing Indebtedness which may be incurred or 
remain outstanding without resulting in an Event of Default hereunder; and

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     i. Liens in favor of Borrower, General Partner or a Consolidated 
Subsidiary against any asset of any Consolidated Subsidiary or any 
Investment Affiliate.

          Person means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a 
limited liability company, an association, a trust or any other entity or 
organization, including, without limitation, a government or political 
subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

          Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (other 
than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject 
to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code and either 
(i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group for 
employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within 
the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person 
which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any 
Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group.

          Preferred Stock Subsidiary means a corporation organized with 
two classes of stock, consisting of one class of voting common shares and 
one class of non-voting preferred shares, all of whose preferred shares are 
owned by a Person seeking to be treated as a real estate investment trust 
under the Code (or an operating partnership of which such Person is general 
partner) and all of the common shares of which are owned by individuals or 
entities who are neither owned nor controlled by such Person (but which 
individuals may be, and which entities may be owned and controlled by, 
officers, directors or employees of such Person), and to which such Person 
(or an operating partnership of which such Person is general partner) has 
contributed at least ninety-five percent (95%) or more of the equity 
capital raised by such corporation in exchange for the issuance of such 
corporations shares.

          Prime Rate means the rate of interest publicly announced by the 
Administrative Agent from time to time as its Prime Rate (it being 
understood that the same shall not necessarily be the best rate offered by 
the Administrative Agent to customers).

          principal financial center means, when used in reference to an 
Alternate Currency, (a) in the case of British Pounds Sterling, London, 
England, (b) in the case of Euros, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, (c) in the 
case of Yen, Tokyo, Japan, and (d) in the case of Canadian Dollars, 
Toronto, Canada.

          Pro Rata Share means, with respect to any Bank, a fraction 
(expressed as a percentage), the numerator of which shall be the amount of 
such Banks Commitment and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate 
amount of all of the Banks Commitments, as adjusted from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

          Property means, with respect to any Person, any real or 
personal property, building, facility, structure, equipment or unit, or 
other asset owned by such Person, including, without limitation, operating 
businesses

          Qualified Borrower means a foreign or domestic limited 
partnership, limited liability company or other business entity duly 
organized under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation of which the 
Borrower (or a Person that is owned and controlled by the Borrower) is the 
sole general partner or managing member, the Indebtedness of which, in all 
cases, can be

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

guaranteed by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of the Borrowers 
Agreement of Limited Partnership.

          Qualified Borrower Guaranty means a full and unconditional 
guaranty of payment in the form of Exhibit H attached hereto, enforceable 
against Borrower for the payment of a Qualified Borrowers debt or 
obligation to the Banks.

          Qualified Institution means a Bank, or one or more banks, 
finance companies, insurance or other financial institutions which (A) has 
(or, in the case of a bank which is a subsidiary, such banks parent has) a 
rating of its senior debt obligations of not less than Baa-1 by Moodys or 
a comparable rating by a rating agency acceptable to Syndication Agent and 
(B) has total assets in excess of Ten Billion Dollars ($10,000,000,000).

          Rating Agencies means, collectively, S&P, Moodys and Fitch.

          Real Property Assets means as to any Person as of any time, the 
real property assets (including, without limitation, interests in 
participating mortgages in which such Persons interest therein is 
characterized as equity according to GAAP) owned directly or indirectly by 
such Person at such time.

          Recourse Debt shall mean Indebtedness that is not Non-Recourse 
Indebtedness.

          Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time

          REIT means a real estate investment trust, as defined under 
Section 856 of the Code.

          Requisite Lenders has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(b).

          Revised Adjusted EBITDA means, for any period, Adjusted EBITDA 
for such period, less (a) interest income, plus (b) actual general and 
administrative expenses for such period to the extent deducted in 
calculating Adjusted EBITDA; for purposes of calculating Revised Adjusted 
EBITDA, Net Income shall be deemed to include as to any Real Property 
Asset with respect to which a tenant received any free rent during such 
period, the amount of such free rent as if the same had been paid in cash 
by such tenant.

          S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The 
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor thereto.

          Second Tier Funding Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.14.

          Secured Debt means Indebtedness (but excluding Intracompany 
Indebtedness), the payment of which is secured by a Lien (other than a 
Permitted Lien, except for those Permitted Liens described in clause (h) of 
the definition thereof) on any Property owned or leased by General Partner 
or Borrower plus Borrowers Share of Indebtedness (but excluding 
Intracompany Indebtedness), the payment of which is secured by a Lien 
(other than a Permitted

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Lien, except for those Permitted Liens described in clause (h) of the 
definition thereof) on any Property owned or leased by any Investment 
Affiliate or any Consolidated Subsidiary.

          Securities means any stock, partnership interests, shares, 
shares of beneficial interest, voting trust certificates, bonds, 
debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, 
convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments 
commonly known as securities, or any certificates of interest, shares, or 
participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or 
acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire any of 
the foregoing, but shall not include Joint Venture Interests, any interest 
in any Subsidiary of General Partner or Borrower, any interest in a Taxable 
REIT Subsidiary, any Indebtedness which would not be required to be 
included on the liabilities side of the balance sheet of General Partner or 
Borrower on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, any Cash or Cash 
Equivalents or any evidence of the Obligations.

          Sharing Event means (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default 
with respect to the Borrower or General Partner under clauses (f) or (g) of 
Section 6.1,or (ii) the acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article VI.

          Solvent means, with respect to any Person, that the fair 
saleable value of such Persons assets exceeds the Indebtedness of such 
Person.

          Stabilized Occupancy Rate means, as of any date for any Real 
Property Asset, that the percentage of the rentable area of such Real 
Property Asset leased to and occupied by tenants or other persons pursuant 
to bona fide leases, licenses, or other agreements requiring current rent 
or other similar payments who are currently paying such rent or other 
similar payments, is at least ninety percent (90%).

          Subsidiary means any corporation or other entity of which 
securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to 
elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing 
similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by the 
Borrower or General Partner.

          Subsidiary Operating Partnership shall mean a limited liability 
company or limited partnership in which the only interest therein not owned 
(directly or indirectly) by Borrower and/or General Partner shall be 
preference interests or preference units, respectively.

          Substantially Controlled by Borrower means, with respect to any 
action, that such action is substantially controlled by Borrower as 
contemplated under Section 5.14.

          Swingline Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

          Swingline Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.3(a).

          Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its 
capacity as Swingline Lender hereunder, and its permitted successors in 
such capacity in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Swingline Loan means a loan made by the Swingline Lender 
pursuant to Section 2.3.

          Syndication Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity 
as syndication agent hereunder and its permitted successors in such 
capacity in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

          Taxable REIT Subsidiary means any corporation (other than a 
REIT) in which General Partner directly or indirectly owns stock and 
General Partner and such corporation jointly elect that such corporation 
shall be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary of General Partner under and 
pursuant to Section 856 of the Code.

          Taxes means all federal, state, local and foreign income and 
gross receipts taxes.

          Term has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10.

          Termination Event shall mean (i) a reportable event, as such 
term is described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than a reportable event 
not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC), or an event 
described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA, (ii) the withdrawal by any member of 
the ERISA Group from a Multiemployer Plan during a plan year in which it is 
a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or 
the incurrence of liability by any member of the ERISA Group under Section 
4064 of ERISA upon the termination of a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) the 
filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan under Section 4041 of 
ERISA, other than in a standard termination within the meaning of Section 
4041 of ERISA, or the treatment of a Plan amendment as a distress 
termination under Section 4041 of ERISA, (iv) the institution by the PBGC 
of proceedings to terminate, impose liability (other than for premiums 
under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or cause a trustee to be 
appointed to administer, any Plan or (v) any other event or condition that 
might reasonably constitute grounds for the termination of, or the 
appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or the imposition of any 
liability or encumbrance or Lien on the Real Property Assets or any member 
of the ERISA Group under ERISA or the Code.

          Tiered Non-US Property has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.14.

          Total Asset Value means, with respect to Borrower and without 
duplication,

          (i) the quotient obtained by dividing (a) (1) Revised Adjusted 
EBITDA for the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters most recently ended, minus 
(2) for any Property (other than Construction Assets or Unimproved Assets) 
which was acquired by Borrower, a Consolidated Subsidiary or an Investment 
Affiliate in any of the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters, the Revised 
Adjusted EBITDA attributable to such Property to the extent the same was 
included in the Revised Adjusted EBITDA of Borrower in clause (1), minus 
(3) for any Transition Property, the Revised Adjusted EBITDA attributable 
to such Real Property Asset to the extent the same was included in the 
Revised Adjusted EBITDA of Borrower in clause (1), minus (4) Asset 
Management Fees and Development Profits for the previous four (4) Fiscal 
Quarters most recently ended to the extent the same was included in the 
Revised Adjusted EBITDA of Borrower in clause (1), by (b) the FMV Cap Rate,

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          plus (ii) for any Property which was acquired by Borrower in any 
of the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters, the sum of (x) the Net Price of 
the Property paid by Borrower for such Property and (y) the cost of capital 
expenditures actually incurred in connection with such Property,

          plus (iii) for any Property which was acquired by an Investment 
Affiliate or a Consolidated Subsidiary in any of the previous four (4) 
Fiscal Quarters, the sum of (x) Borrowers Share of the Net Price of the 
Property paid by such Investment Affiliate or by such Consolidated 
Subsidiary, as applicable, for such Property, and (y) Borrowers share of 
the cost of capital expenditures actually incurred in connection with such 
Property,

          plus (iv) for any Transition Property, the quotient obtained by 
dividing (a) the Revised Adjusted EBITDA attributable to such Property for 
the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters most recently ended, by (b) the FMV 
Cap Rate, but not less than the sum of (1) the book value of any such 
Transition Property of the Borrower plus the allowance for accumulated 
depreciation for such asset on that date, as determined in accordance with 
GAAP, and (2) Borrowers Share of the book value of any such Transition 
Property of any Investment Affiliate or any Consolidated Subsidiary of the 
Borrower plus the allowance for accumulated depreciation for such asset on 
that date, as determined in accordance with GAAP,

          plus (v) the quotient obtained by dividing (a) Asset Management 
Fees for the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters most recently ended by (b) 
twelve and one half percent (12 1/2%),

          plus (vi) the quotient obtained by dividing (a) Development 
Profits for the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters most recently ended by 
(b) twelve and one half percent (12 1/2%), but not more than 7.5% of Total 
Asset Value,

          plus (vii) the value of any Cash or Cash Equivalent owned by 
Borrower (including Cash or Cash Equivalents held in restricted Section 
1031 accounts under the control of Borrower or any Consolidated 
Subsidiary), and Borrowers Share of any Cash or Cash Equivalent owned by 
any Consolidated Subsidiary or Investment Affiliate (including Cash or Cash 
Equivalents held in restricted Section 1031 accounts under the control of 
Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary),

          plus (viii) the book value of any Construction Assets, Unimproved 
Assets and any other tangible assets of Borrower (including foreign 
currency exchange agreements, to the extent such agreements are material 
and are reported or are required under GAAP to be reported by the Borrower 
in its financial statements) plus the allowance for accumulated 
depreciation for such asset on that date, as determined in accordance with 
GAAP,

          plus (ix) Borrowers Share of the book value of any Construction 
Assets, Unimproved Assets and any other tangible assets of any Investment 
Affiliate or any Consolidated Subsidiary plus the allowance for accumulated 
depreciation for such asset on that date, as determined in accordance with 
GAAP. For purposes of the foregoing, a Real Property Asset which was a 
Construction Asset will be deemed to have been acquired on the date it 
ceases to be a Construction Asset.

29

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Total Liabilities means, as of the date of determination and 
without duplication, all Balance Sheet Indebtedness of Borrower and General 
Partner, plus Borrowers Share of all Balance Sheet Indebtedness of 
Investment Affiliates and Consolidated Subsidiaries.

          Transition Property means, as of any date, (a) any Real 
Property Asset that at any time during the previous four (4) Fiscal 
Quarters most recently ended did not have a Stabilized Occupancy Rate, 
whether or not such Real Property Asset at any time prior to the date of 
determination had reached a Stabilized Occupancy Rate, or (b) any Real 
Property Asset which never reached a Stabilized Occupancy Rate after it 
ceased to be a Construction Asset.

          Unencumbered Net Operating Cash Flow means, as of any date of 
determination, the Unencumbered Net Operating Income for the previous four 
(4) Fiscal Quarters; provided that , as to any Unencumbered Property 
acquired (or, in the case of any Unencumbered Property that ceased to be a 
Construction Asset during such period, deemed acquired) during such period, 
Unencumbered Net Operating Cash Flow shall be adjusted by deducting the 
actual Unencumbered Net Operating Income for such Unencumbered Property 
during such four (4) Fiscal Quarters and by adding the product of the 
Unencumbered Net Operating Income for such Property for the most recent 
Fiscal Quarter multiplied by 4.

          Unencumbered Net Operating Income means, for any period, for 
all Unencumbered Properties, the aggregate revenues from each such 
Unencumbered Property for such period (including, without limitation, lease 
termination fees appropriately amortized, but excluding deferred rents 
receivable) or in the case of any Unencumbered Property owned by a Joint 
Venture Subsidiary, Borrowers Share thereof, less the cost of maintaining 
such Unencumbered Properties (including, without limitation, taxes, 
insurance, repairs and maintenance, but excluding depreciation, 
amortization, interest costs and capital expenditures) or in the case of 
any Unencumbered Property owned by a Joint Venture Subsidiary, Borrowers 
Share thereof (provided that as to any Unencumbered Property acquired 
during such period, only revenues and property level expenses attributable 
to such period occurring after such acquisition shall be included), as 
adjusted (i) for capital expenditure reserves at the rate of Ten Cents 
($0.10, or in the case of any Unencumbered Property owned by a Joint 
Venture Subsidiary, Borrowers Share of Ten Cents ($0.10)) per square foot 
per annum of space leased as of the applicable date of determination 
(provided that, as to any Unencumbered Property acquired during such 
period, such amount per square foot shall be pro-rated for the period of 
ownership), and (ii) to exclude the effects of straight-lining of rents.

          Unencumbered Property means any retail or industrial Real 
Property Asset (including Unimproved Assets and Construction Assets, but 
excluding interests in participating mortgages in which such Persons 
interest therein is characterized as equity according to GAAP) from time to 
time which (i) is an operating Real Property Asset which is owned directly 
or indirectly 100% in fee (or ground leasehold) by Borrower, a Financing 
Partnership or a Joint Venture Subsidiary, (ii) is not subject (nor are any 
equity interests in such Property that are owned directly or indirectly by 
Borrower, General Partner or any Joint Venture Parent subject) to a Lien 
which secures Indebtedness of any Person other than Permitted Liens, (iii) 
is not subject (nor are any equity interests in such Property that are 
owned directly or indirectly by Borrower, General Partner or any Joint 
Venture Parent subject) to any Negative Pledge (provided that a financial 
covenant given for the benefit of any Person that may be violated by the 
granting of any

30

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Lien on any Property to secure any or all of the Obligations shall not be 
deemed a Negative Pledge), and (iv) if owned by a domestic Financing 
Partnership or Joint Venture Subsidiary (other than a Financing Partnership 
or Joint Venture Subsidiary that invests primarily with foreign currencies 
or primarily in foreign countries), such Financing Partnership or Joint 
Venture Subsidiary shall not be the borrower or guarantor of any Unsecured 
Debt other than the Loans.

          Unimproved Assets means Real Property Assets (or, in the case 
of any Real Property Assets to be developed in phases, any phase thereof) 
containing no material improvements other than infrastructure improvements 
such as roads, utility feeder lines and the like.

          United States means the United States of America, including the 
fifty states and the District of Columbia.

          Unrestricted Cash or Cash Equivalents means Cash or Cash 
Equivalents owned by Borrower, and Borrowers Share of any Cash or Cash 
Equivalent owned by any Consolidated Subsidiary or Investment Affiliate, 
that are not subject to any pledge, lien or control agreement, less (i) 
$35,000,000, (ii) amounts normally and customarily set aside by Borrower 
for operating, capital and interest reserves, and (iii) amounts placed with 
third parties as deposits or security for contractual obligations.

          Unsecured Debt means the amount of Indebtedness (excluding 
Intracompany Indebtedness) for borrowed money of General Partner, Borrower, 
any Financing Partnership, any Preferred Stock Subsidiary or Joint Venture 
Subsidiary and which is not Secured Debt, including, without limitation, 
the amount of all then outstanding Loans.

          Unsecured Debt Yield has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.8(j).

          Unsecured Interest Expense means, as of any date of 
determination, for the previous four (4) Fiscal Quarters, the Interest 
Expense paid, accrued or capitalized on Unsecured Debt, provided, however, 
in the case of any Preferred Stock Subsidiary, Joint Venture Subsidiary or 
Consolidated Subsidiary only an amount equal to the Borrowers Share of any 
such Interest Expense on Unsecured Debt of such entity shall be included in 
Unsecured Interest Expense.

          Unused Commitments shall mean an amount equal to all unadvanced 
funds (other than unadvanced funds in connection with any construction 
loan) which any third party is obligated to advance to Borrower or another 
Person or otherwise pursuant to any loan document, written instrument or 
otherwise.

          Yen Revolving Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in 
Section 9.5(b).

          Section 1.2 Accounting Terms and Determinations. Unless otherwise 
specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, 
all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial 
statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in 
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent (except for changes 
concurred in by the Borrowers independent public accountants) with the 
most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and 
its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Administrative Agent; 
provided that for purposes of references to the financial

31

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

results and information of General Partner, on a consolidated basis, 
General Partner shall be deemed to own one hundred percent (100%) of the 
partnership interests in Borrower; and provided further that, if the 
Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to 
amend any covenant in Article V to eliminate the effect of any change in 
GAAP on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent 
notifies the Borrower that the Majority Banks wish to amend Article V for 
such purpose), then the Borrowers compliance with such covenant shall be 
determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant 
change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or 
such covenant is amended in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the 
Borrower and the Majority Banks.

          Section 1.3 Types of Borrowings. The term Borrowing denotes the 
aggregation of Loans of one or more Banks to be made to the Borrower 
pursuant to Article 2 on the same date, all of which Loans are of the same 
type (subject to Article 8) and, except in the case of Base Rate Loans and 
Swingline Loans, have the same initial Interest Period. Borrowings are 
classified for purposes of this Agreement either by reference to the 
pricing of Loans comprising such Borrowing (e.g., a Fixed Rate Borrowing 
is a Euro-Dollar Borrowing or a Money Market Borrowing (excluding any such 
Borrowing consisting of Money Market IBOR Loans bearing interest at the 
Base Rate pursuant to Article VIII); a Euro-Dollar Borrowing is a 
Borrowing comprised of Euro-Dollar Loans; and an Alternate Currency 
Borrowing is a Borrowing comprised of Euro-Dollar Loans denominated in an 
Alternate Currency) or by reference to the provisions of Article 2 under 
which participation therein is determined (i.e., a Committed Borrowing is 
a Borrowing under Section 2.1 in which all Banks participate in proportion 
to their Commitments, while a Money Market Borrowing is a Borrowing under 
Section 2.4 in which a Banks share is determined on the basis of its bid 
in accordance therewith, and a Swingline Borrowing is a Borrowing under 
Section 2.3 in which only the Swingline Lender participates (subject to the 
provisions of said Section 2.3)).


ARTICLE II

THE CREDITS

          Section 2.1 Commitments to Lend. Each Bank severally agrees, on 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make Loans to the 
Borrower and to Qualified Borrowers and participate in Letters of Credit 
issued by the Fronting Bank on behalf of the Borrower and Qualified 
Borrowers pursuant to this Article from time to time during the term hereof 
in amounts such that the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent Amount of 
Committed Loans by such Bank at any one time outstanding plus such Banks 
Pro Rata Share of Swingline Loans outstanding together with such Banks Pro 
Rata Share of the Letter of Credit Usage at such time shall not exceed the 
Dollar Equivalent Amount of its Commitment (provided, in the case of any 
Loan in an Alternate Currency, (i) such Alternate Currency is readily 
available to such Banks and is freely transferable and convertible to 
Dollars, (ii) the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
thereto) reports a London Interbank Offered Rate for such Alternate 
Currency relating to the applicable Interest Period, and (iii) Borrower 
shall then have an Investment Grade Rating from either S&P or Moodys). 
Each Borrowing outstanding under this Section 2.1 shall be in an aggregate 
principal Dollar Equivalent Amount of $5,000,000 (or, with respect to an 
Alternate Currency Borrowing only, the Dollar Equivalent Amount of

32

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

$3,000,000), or an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent Amount of 
$1,000,000 in excess thereof (except that any such Borrowing may be in the 
aggregate amount available in accordance with Section 3.2(b), or in any 
amount required to reimburse the Fronting Bank for any drawing under any 
Letter of Credit or to repay the Swingline Lender the amount of any 
Swingline Loan) and, other than with respect to Money Market Loans and 
Swingline Loans, shall be made from the several Banks ratably in proportion 
to their respective Commitments. Subject to the provisions of Section 9.19 
hereof, in no event shall (i) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of 
Loans outstanding at any time, plus outstanding Dollar Equivalent Amount of 
the Letter of Credit Usage, exceed $600,000,000 (the Facility Amount), or 
(ii) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount of Loans denominated in an 
Alternate Currency plus the outstanding aggregate Dollar Equivalent Amount 
of the Letter of Credit Usage for Alternate Currency Letters of Credit 
exceed the Alternate Currency Sublimit, with, in the case of both clauses 
(i) and (ii), Loans denominated in Alternate Currencies and Letter of 
Credit Usage for Alternate Currency Letters of Credit being marked to 
market monthly on the last Business Day of each month and immediately prior 
to each Borrowing. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to 
the contrary, it is understood and agreed that if (i) the Alternate 
Currency Commitments shall have been drawn to such extent that the 
remaining Dollar Commitments shall be insufficient to permit any portion of 
a Borrowing denominated in Dollars to be funded based upon the Pro Rata 
Shares of each of the Banks, such Borrowing may still be made, with any 
such portion to be funded, pro rata, by any Banks that shall not have 
participated in the Alternate Currency Commitments, and (ii) if the Dollar 
Commitments shall have been drawn to such extent that the remaining 
Alternate Currency Commitments shall be insufficient to permit any portion 
of a Borrowing denominated in an Alternate Currency to be funded based upon 
the Pro Rata Shares of each of the Banks with an Alternate Currency 
Commitment, then, to the extent necessary to enable such Banks with 
Alternate Currency Commitments to fund such portion, such Borrowing shall 
also include a Borrowing in Dollars, pro rata, from the Banks do not have 
Alternate Currency Commitments, which Borrowing in Dollars will be used to 
repay, pro rata, Loans in Dollars of such Banks with Alternate Currency 
Commitments as designated by the Borrower in its notice of Borrowing. 
Subject to the limitations set forth herein, any amounts repaid may be 
reborrowed.

          Section 2.2 Notice of Borrowing. (a) With respect to any 
Committed Borrowing, the Borrower shall give Administrative Agent notice 
not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City or London time, as applicable) (x) 
the Business Day prior to each Base Rate Borrowing, or (y) the third (3rd) 
Euro-Dollar Business Day before each Euro-Dollar Borrowing denominated in 
Dollars, or (z) the fourth (4th) Euro-Dollar Business Day before each 
Euro-Dollar Borrowing denominated in an Alternate Currency, specifying:

(i) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day in the case 
of a Base Rate Borrowing or a Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of a 
Euro-Dollar Borrowing,

(ii) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing,

(iii) whether the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to be Base Rate Loans 
or Euro-Dollar Loans, and if Euro-Dollar Loans are requested other than in 
Dollars, the type and amount of the Alternate Currency being requested,

33

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(iv) in the case of a Euro-Dollar Borrowing, the duration of the Interest 
Period applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the definition of 
Interest Period,

(v) if such Borrowing is to be made by a Qualified Borrower, the identity 
of the Qualified Borrower;

(vi) payment instructions for delivery of such Borrowing; and

(vii) certify that no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is 
continuing.

          (b) Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent, and the 
Fronting Bank, written notice in the event that it desires to have Letters 
of Credit (each, a Letter of Credit) issued, or to have Letters of Credit 
issued on behalf of a Subsidiary, hereunder no later than 1:00 P.M. (New 
York City or London time, as applicable) at least four (4) Business Days 
(or, for Alternate Currency Letters of Credit, four (4) Euro-Dollar 
Business Days) prior to, but excluding, the date of such issuance. Each 
such notice shall specify (i) (a) if Alternate Currency is requested, the 
type and individual amount of the Alternate Currency being requested and 
(b) if Dollars are requested, the individual amount of each requested 
Letter of Credit, (ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Letters of 
Credit, (iii) the individual amount of each requested Letter of Credit and 
the number of Letters of Credit to be issued, (iv) the date of such 
issuance (which shall be a Business Day (or, for Alternate Currency Letters 
of Credit, a Euro-Dollar Business Day)), (v) the name and address of the 
beneficiary, (vi) the expiration date of the Letter of Credit (which in no 
event shall be later than twelve (12) months after the Maturity Date), 
(vii) the purpose and circumstances for which such Letter of Credit is 
being issued, (viii) the terms upon which each such Letter of Credit may be 
drawn down (which terms shall not leave any discretion to Fronting Bank) 
and (ix) certify that no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is 
continuing. Each such notice may be revoked telephonically by the Borrower 
to the Fronting Bank and the Administrative Agent any time prior to the 
issuance of the Letter of Credit by the Fronting Bank, provided such 
revocation is confirmed in writing by the Borrower to the Fronting Bank and 
the Administrative Agent within one (1) Business Day (or one (1) 
Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of an Alternate Currency Letter of 
Credit) by facsimile. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
contrary, the Borrower shall complete and deliver to the Fronting Bank any 
required documentation in connection with any requested Letter of Credit no 
later than the second (2nd) Business Day (or, in the case of Alternate 
Currency Letters of Credit, the second (2nd) Euro-Dollar Business Day) 
prior to the date of issuance thereof. No later than 1:00 P.M. (New York 
City or London time, as applicable) on the date that is four (4) Business 
Days (or, in the case of Alternate Currency Letters of Credit, four (4) 
Euro-Dollar Business Days) prior to, but excluding, the date of issuance, 
the Borrower shall specify a precise description of the documents and the 
verbatim text of any certificate to be presented by the beneficiary of such 
Letter of Credit, which if presented by such beneficiary prior to the 
expiration date of the Letter of Credit would require the Fronting Bank to 
make a payment under the Letter of Credit; provided, that Fronting Bank 
may, in its reasonable judgment, require changes in any such documents and 
certificates only in conformity with changes in customary and commercially 
reasonable practice or law and, provided further, that no Letter of Credit 
shall require payment against a conforming draft to be made thereunder on 
the third Business Day (or, in the case of Alternate Currency Letters of 
Credit, the third (3rd) Euro-Dollar Business Day) following the date that 
such draft is presented if such presentation is made later than 1:00 P.M.

34

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

New York City or London time, as applicable) (except that if the 
beneficiary of any Letter of Credit requests at the time of the issuance of 
its Letter of Credit that payment be made on the same Business Day (or, in 
the case of Alternate Currency Letters of Credit, Euro-Dollar Business Day) 
against a conforming draft, such beneficiary shall be entitled to such a 
same day draw, provided such draft is presented to the Fronting Bank no 
later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City or London time, as applicable) and 
provided further the Borrower shall have requested to the Fronting Bank and 
the Administrative Agent that such beneficiary shall be entitled to a same 
day draw). In determining whether to pay on such Letter of Credit, the 
Fronting Bank shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and 
certificates required to be delivered under the Letter of Credit have been 
delivered and that they comply on their face with the requirements of that 
Letter of Credit.

          Section 2.3 Swingline Loan Subfacility.

               (a) Swingline Commitment. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Section 2.3, the Swingline Lender, in its individual 
capacity, agrees to make certain revolving credit loans in Dollars to the 
Borrower (each a Swingline Loan and, collectively, the Swingline Loans) 
from time to time during the term hereof; provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not 
exceed the lesser of (i) fifteen percent (15%) of the aggregate 
Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Commitments less the sum of (A) all 
Loans then outstanding, and (B) the Letter of Credit Usage (the Swingline 
Commitment). Subject to the limitations set forth herein, any amounts 
repaid in respect of Swingline Loans may be reborrowed.

               (b) Swingline Borrowings.

(i) Notice of Borrowing. With respect to any Swingline Borrowing, the 
Borrower shall give the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent 
notice in writing which is received by the Swingline Lender and 
Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
proposed date of such Swingline Borrowing (and confirmed by telephone by 
such time), specifying (A) that a Swingline Borrowing is being requested, 
(B) the amount of such Swingline Borrowing, (C) the proposed date of such 
Swingline Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day and (D) stating that no 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing both before and 
after giving effect to such Swingline Borrowing. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable.

(ii) Minimum Amounts. Each Swingline Borrowing shall be in a minimum 
principal amount of $3,000,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in 
excess thereof.

(iii) Repayment of Swingline Loans. Each Swingline Loan shall be due and 
payable on the earliest of (A) 4 Business Days from and including the date 
of the applicable Swingline Borrowing, (B) the date of the next Committed 
Borrowing or (C) the Maturity Date. If, and to the extent, any Swingline 
Loans shall be outstanding on the date of any Committed Borrowing, such 
Swingline Loans shall first be repaid from the proceeds of such Committed 
Borrowing prior to the

35

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

disbursement of the same to the Borrower. If, and to the extent, a 
Committed Borrowing is not requested prior to the Maturity Date or the end 
of the 4 Business Day period after a Swingline Borrowing, or unless the 
Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent and the Swingline 
Lender prior to 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Business 
Day after the Swingline Borrowing that the Borrower intends to reimburse 
the Swingline Bank for the amount of such Swingline Borrowing with funds 
other than proceeds of the Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have 
requested a Committed Borrowing comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans in 
the amount of the applicable Swingline Loan then outstanding, the proceeds 
of which shall be used to repay such Swingline Loan to the Swingline 
Lender. In addition, if (x) the Borrower does not repay the Swingline Loan 
on or prior to the end of such 4 Business Day period, or (y) a Default or 
Event of Default shall have occurred during such 4 Business Day period, the 
Swingline Lender may, at any time, in its sole discretion, by written 
notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, demand repayment of 
its Swingline Loans by way of a Committed Borrowing, in which case the 
Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing comprised 
entirely of Base Rate Loans in the amount of such Swingline Loans then 
outstanding, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay such Swingline 
Loans to the Swingline Lender. Any Committed Borrowing which is deemed 
requested by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 2.3(b)(iii) is 
hereinafter referred to as a Mandatory Borrowing. Each Bank hereby 
irrevocably agrees to make Committed Loans promptly upon receipt of notice 
from the Swingline Lender of any such deemed request for a Mandatory 
Borrowing in the amount and in the manner specified in the preceding 
sentences and on the date such notice is received by such Bank (or the next 
Business Day if such notice is received after 12:00 P.M. (New York City 
time)) notwithstanding (I) the amount of the Mandatory Borrowing may not 
comply with the minimum amount of Committed Borrowings otherwise required 
hereunder, (II) whether any conditions specified in Section 3.2 are then 
satisfied, (III) whether a Default or an Event of Default then exists, (IV) 
failure of any such deemed request for a Committed Borrowing to be made by 
the time otherwise required in Section 2.1, (V) the date of such Mandatory 
Borrowing (provided that such date must be a Business Day), or (VI) any 
termination of the Commitments immediately prior to such Mandatory 
Borrowing or contemporaneously therewith; provided, however, that no Bank 
shall be obligated to make Committed Loans in respect of a Mandatory 
Borrowing if a Default or an Event of Default then exists and the 
applicable Swingline Loan was made by the Swingline Lender without receipt 
of a written Notice of Borrowing in the form specified in subclause (i) 
above or after Administrative Agent has delivered a notice of Default or 
Event of Default which has not been rescinded.

(iv) Purchase of Participations. In the event that any Mandatory Borrowing 
cannot for any reason be made on the date otherwise required above 
(including, without limitation , as a result of the commencement of a 
proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the Borrower), then 
each Bank hereby agrees that it shall forthwith purchase (as of the date 
the Mandatory Borrowing would

36

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

otherwise have occurred, but adjusted for any payment received from the 
Borrower on or after such date and prior to such purchase) from the 
Swingline Lender such participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans as 
shall be necessary to cause each such Bank to share in such Swingline Loans 
ratably based upon its Pro Rata Share (determined before giving effect to 
any termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 6.2), provided that 
(A) all interest payable on the Swingline Loans with respect to any 
participation shall be for the account of the Swingline Lender until but 
excluding the day upon which the Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise have 
occurred, and (B) in the event of a delay between the day upon which the 
Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise have occurred and the time any purchase 
of a participation pursuant to this sentence is actually made, the 
purchasing Bank shall be required to pay to the Swingline Lender interest 
on the principal amount of such participation for each day from and 
including the day upon which the Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise have 
occurred to but excluding the date of payment for such participation, at 
the rate equal to the Federal Funds Rate, for the two (2) Business Days 
after the date the Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise have occurred, and 
thereafter at a rate equal to the Base Rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
no Bank shall be obligated to purchase a participation in any Swingline 
Loan if a Default or an Event of Default then exists and such Swingline 
Loan was made by the Swingline Lender without receipt of a written Notice 
of Borrowing in the form specified in subclause (i) above or after 
Administrative Agent has delivered a notice of Default or Event of Default 
which has not been rescinded.

               (c) Interest Rate. Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest 
on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date 
such Swingline Loan is made until the date it is repaid, at a rate per 
annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate plus the Applicable Margin for 
Euro-Dollar Loans for such day.

          Section 2.4 Money Market Borrowings.

               (a) The Money Market Option. From time to time during the 
Term, and provided that at such time the Borrower maintains a Credit Rating 
of at least BBB- or Baa3 (or their equivalent) from either S&P or Moodys, 
the Borrower may, as set forth in this Section 2.4, request the Banks 
during the Term to make offers to make Money Market Loans in Dollars to the 
Borrower, not to exceed, at such time, the lesser of (i) fifty percent 
(50%) of the aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Commitments less 
all Loans and Letter of Credit Usage then outstanding (excluding any Loans 
or any portion thereof to be repaid from the proceeds of such Money Market 
Loans). Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower may repay 
any outstanding Money Market Loan on any day which is a Business Day (or a 
Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of Money Market IBOR Loans) and any 
amounts so repaid may be reborrowed, up to the amount available under this 
Section 2.4 at the time of such Borrowing, until the Euro-Dollar Business 
Day next preceding the Maturity Date. The Banks may, but shall have no 
obligation to, make such offers and the Borrower may, but shall have no 
obligation to, accept any such offers in the manner set forth in this 
Section 2.4.

37

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (b) Money Market Quote Request. When the Borrower wishes to 
request offers to make Money Market Loans under this Section, it shall 
transmit to the Administrative Agent by telex or facsimile transmission a 
Money Market Quote Request substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (a 
Money Market Quote Request) so as to be received not later than 1:00 P.M. 
(New York City time) on (x) the fifth Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to, 
but excluding, the date of Borrowing proposed therein, in the case of a 
IBOR Auction or (y) the Business Day immediately preceding the date of 
Borrowing proposed therein, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in 
either case, such other time or date as the Borrower and the Administrative 
Agent shall have mutually agreed and shall have notified the Banks not 
later than the date of the Money Market Quote Request for the first IBOR 
Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for which such change is to be effective) 
specifying:

(i) the proposed date of Borrowing, which shall be a Euro-Dollar Business 
Day in the case of an IBOR Auction or a Business Day in the case of an 
Absolute Rate Auction,

(ii) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing, which shall be $5,000,000 or a 
larger multiple of $1,000,000,

(iii) the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (which shall 
not be less than 14 days or more than 180 days), subject to the provisions 
of the definition of Interest Period,

(iv) whether the Money Market Quotes requested are to set forth a Money 
Market Margin or a Money Market Absolute Rate,

(v) the aggregate amount of all Money Market Loans then outstanding, and

(vi) certify that no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is 
continuing.

The Borrower may request offers to make Money Market Loans for more than 
one Interest Period in a single Money Market Quote Request. In no event may 
Borrower give a Money Market Quote Request in excess of two (2) times in 
any one month period or within ten (10) days of the giving of any other 
Money Market Quote Request.

               (c) Invitation for Money Market Quotes. Promptly upon 
receipt of a Money Market Quote Request, the Administrative Agent shall 
send to the Banks by telex or facsimile transmission an Invitation for 
Money Market Quotes substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, which 
shall constitute an invitation by the Borrower to each Bank to submit Money 
Market Quotes offering to make the Money Market Loans to which such Money 
Market Quote Request relates in accordance with this Section.

               (d) Submission and Contents of Money Market Quotes. (1) Each 
Bank may submit a Money Market Quote containing an offer or offers to make 
Money Market Loans in response to any Invitation for Money Market Quotes. 
Each Money Market Quote must comply with the requirements of this 
subsection (d) and must be submitted to the Administrative Agent by telex 
or facsimile transmission at its offices specified in or pursuant to 
Section 9.1 not later than (x) 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the fourth 
Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to,

38

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

but excluding, the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of a IBOR 
Auction or (y) 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed date of 
Borrowing, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in either case, 
such other time or date as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall 
have mutually agreed and shall have notified to the Banks not later than 
the date of the Money Market Quote Request for the first IBOR Auction or 
Absolute Rate Auction for which such change is to be effective); provided 
that Money Market Quotes submitted by the Administrative Agent (or any 
affiliate of the Administrative Agent) in the capacity of a Bank may be 
submitted, and may only be submitted, if the Administrative Agent or such 
affiliate notifies the Borrower of the terms of the offer or offers 
contained therein not later than (x) one hour prior to the deadline for the 
other Banks, in the case of an IBOR Auction or (y) one hour prior to the 
deadline for the other Banks, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction. 
Subject to Articles 3 and 6, any Money Market Quote so made shall be 
irrevocable except with the written consent of the Administrative Agent 
given on the instructions of the Borrower.

               (2) Each Money Market Quote shall be in substantially the 
form of Exhibit D hereto and shall in any case specify:

(i) the proposed date of Borrowing,

(ii) the principal amount of the Money Market Loan for which each such 
offer is being made, which principal amount (w) may be greater than or less 
than the Commitment of the quoting Bank, (x) must be $5,000,000 or a larger 
multiple of $1,000,000, (y) may not exceed the principal amount of Money 
Market Loans for which offers were requested and (z) may be subject to an 
aggregate limitation as to the principal amount of Money Market Loans for 
which offers being made by such quoting Bank may be accepted,

(iii) the Interest Period(s) with respect to which each such offer is being 
made,

(iv) in the case of an IBOR Auction, the margin above or below the 
applicable Interbank Offered Rate (the Money Market Margin) offered for 
each such Money Market Loan, expressed as a percentage (specified to the 
nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) to be added to or subtracted from such base rate,

(v) in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, the rate of interest per annum 
(specified to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) (the Money Market Absolute 
Rate) offered for each such Money Market Loan, and

(vi) the identity of the quoting Bank.

A Money Market Quote may set forth up to five separate offers by the 
quoting Bank with respect to each Interest Period specified in the related 
Invitation for Money Market Quotes.

               (3) Any Money Market Quote shall be disregarded if it:

(i) is not substantially in conformity with Exhibit D hereto or does not 
specify all of the information required by subsection (d)(2) above;

39

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(ii) contains qualifying, conditional or similar language (except for an 
aggregate limitation as provided in subsection (d)(2)(ii) above);

(iii) proposes terms other than or in addition to those set forth in the 
applicable Invitation for Money Market Quotes; or

(iv) arrives after the time set forth in subsection (d)(1).

               (e) Notice to Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall 
promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day (or Euro-Dollar 
Business Day in the case of an IBOR Auction) after receipt thereof) notify 
the Borrower in writing of the terms (x) of any Money Market Quote 
submitted by a Bank that is in accordance with subsection (d) and (y) of 
any Money Market Quote that amends, modifies or is otherwise inconsistent 
with a previous Money Market Quote submitted by such Bank with respect to 
the same Money Market Quote Request. Any such subsequent Money Market Quote 
shall be disregarded by the Administrative Agent unless such subsequent 
Money Market Quote is submitted solely to correct a manifest error in such 
former Money Market Quote or modifies the terms of such previous Money 
Market Quote to provide terms more favorable to Borrower. The 
Administrative Agents notice to the Borrower shall specify (A) the 
aggregate principal amount of Money Market Loans for which offers have been 
received for each Interest Period specified in the related Money Market 
Quote Request, (B) the respective principal amounts and Money Market 
Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as the case may be, so offered and 
(C) if applicable, limitations on the aggregate principal amount of Money 
Market Loans for which offers in any single Money Market Quote may be 
accepted.

               (f) Acceptance and Notice by Borrower. Not later than 1:00 
P.M. (New York City time) on (x) the third Euro-Dollar Business Day prior 
to, but excluding, the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of an IBOR 
Auction or (y) the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of an Absolute 
Rate Auction (or, in either case, such other time or date as the Borrower 
and the Administrative Agent shall have mutually agreed and shall have 
notified to the Banks not later than the date of the Money Market Quote 
Request for the first IBOR Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for which such 
change is to be effective), the Borrower shall notify the Administrative 
Agent of its acceptance or non-acceptance of the offers so notified to it 
pursuant to subsection (e). In the case of acceptance, such notice (a 
Notice of Money Market Borrowing) shall specify the aggregate principal 
amount of offers for each Interest Period that are accepted. The Borrower 
may accept any Money Market Quote in whole or in part; provided that:

               (1) the aggregate principal amount of each Money Market 
Borrowing may not exceed the applicable amount set forth in the related 
Money Market Quote Request;

               (2) the principal amount of each Money Market Borrowing must 
be $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000;

40

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (3) acceptance of offers may only be made on the basis of 
ascending Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as the case 
may be; and

               (4) the Borrower may not accept any offer that is described 
in subsection (d)(3) or that otherwise fails to comply with the 
requirements of this Agreement.

               (g) Allocation by Agent. If offers are made by two or more 
Banks with the same Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as 
the case may be, for a greater aggregate principal amount than the amount 
in respect of which such offers are accepted for the related Interest 
Period, the principal amount of Money Market Loans in respect of which such 
offers are accepted shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among 
such Banks as nearly as possible (in multiples of $100,000, as the 
Administrative Agent may deem appropriate) in proportion to the aggregate 
principal amounts of such offers. The Administrative Agent shall promptly 
(and in any event within one (1) Business Day (or Euro-Dollar Business Day 
in the case of an IBOR Auction) after such offers are accepted) notify the 
Borrower and each such Bank in writing of any such allocation of Money 
Market Loans. Determinations by the Administrative Agent of the allocation 
of Money Market Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

               (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, each Bank shall be required to fund its Pro Rata Share of Committed 
Loans in accordance with Section 2.1 hereof despite the fact that any 
Banks Commitment may have been or may be exceeded as a result of such 
Banks making of Money Market Loans.

          Section 2.5 Notice to Banks; Funding of Loans.

               (a) Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing from Borrower in 
accordance with Section 2.2 hereof, the Administrative Agent shall, on the 
date such Notice of Borrowing is received by the Administrative Agent, 
notify each applicable Bank of the contents thereof and of such Banks 
share of such Borrowing, of the interest rate determined pursuant thereto 
and the Interest Period(s) (if different from those requested by the 
Borrower) and such Notice of Borrowing shall not thereafter be revocable by 
the Borrower, unless Borrower shall pay any applicable expenses pursuant to 
Section 2.14.

               (b) Not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time or, in the 
case of any Alternate Currency Borrowing, local time to the principal 
financial center of the Alternate Currency in question) on the date of each 
Committed Borrowing (including without limitation each Mandatory Borrowing) 
as indicated in the applicable Notice of Borrowing, each Bank shall (except 
as provided in subsection (d) of this Section) make available its share of 
such Committed Borrowing in Federal funds or the applicable Alternate 
Currency immediately available in New York, New York (or, in the case of 
any Alternate Currency Borrowing, the principal financial center of the 
Alternate Currency in question), to the Administrative Agent at its address 
referred to in Section 9.1. If the Borrower has requested the issuance of a 
Letter of Credit, no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date 
of such issuance as indicated in the notice delivered pursuant to Section 
2.2(b), the Fronting Bank shall issue such Letter of Credit in the amount 
so

41

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

requested and deliver the same to the Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as 
applicable, with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent. Immediately 
upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit by the Fronting Bank, the 
Fronting Bank shall be deemed to have sold and transferred to each other 
Bank, and each such other Bank shall be deemed, and hereby agrees, to have 
irrevocably and unconditionally purchased and received from the Fronting 
Bank, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and a 
participation in such Letter of Credit, any drawing thereunder, and its 
obligation to pay its Pro Rata Share with respect thereto, and any security 
therefor or guaranty pertaining thereto, in an amount equal to such Banks 
ratable share thereof. Upon any change in any of the Commitments in 
accordance herewith, there shall be an automatic adjustment to such 
participations to reflect such changed shares. The Fronting Bank shall have 
the primary obligation to fund any and all draws made with respect to such 
Letter of Credit notwithstanding any failure of a participating Bank to 
fund its ratable share of any such draw. The Administrative Agent will 
instruct the Fronting Bank to make such Letter of Credit available to the 
Borrower and the Fronting Bank shall make such Letter of Credit available 
to the Borrower or the Qualified Borrower, as the case may be, at its 
aforesaid address or at such address in the United States as Borrower shall 
request on the date of the Borrowing or, in the case of an Alternate 
Currency Letter of Credit, at such address in Europe, the United Kingdom, 
Japan, Canada or the United States as the Borrower or the Qualified 
Borrower, as the case may be, shall request on the date of the Borrowing.

               (c) Not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
date of each Swingline Borrowing as indicated in the applicable Notice of 
Borrowing, the Swingline Lender shall make available such Swingline 
Borrowing in Federal funds immediately available in New York, New York to 
the Administrative Agent at its address referred to in Section 9.1.

               (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received 
notice from a Bank prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Bank will 
not make available to the Administrative Agent such Banks share of such 
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such 
share available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing 
in accordance with this Section 2.5 and the Administrative Agent may, in 
reliance upon such assumption, but shall not be obligated to, make 
available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount on behalf of 
such Bank. If and to the extent that such Bank shall not have so made such 
share available to the Administrative Agent, such Bank agrees to repay to 
the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount 
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is 
made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the 
Administrative Agent, at the rate of interest applicable to such Borrowing 
hereunder. If such Bank shall repay to the Administrative Agent such 
corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Banks 
Loan included in such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. If such 
Bank shall not pay to Administrative Agent such corresponding amount after 
reasonable attempts are made by Administrative Agent to collect such 
amounts from such Bank, Borrower agrees to repay, or cause the applicable 
Qualified Borrower to repay, to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand 
such corresponding amounts together with interest thereto, for each day 
from the date such amount is made available to Borrower or such Qualified 
Borrower, as the case may be, until the date such amount is repaid to 
Administrative Agent, at the interest rate applicable thereto one (1) 
Business Day after demand. Nothing contained in this Section 2.5(d) shall 
be deemed to reduce the Commitment of any Bank or in any way affect the 
rights of Borrower with respect to any defaulting Bank or

42

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Administrative Agent. The failure of any Bank to make available to the 
Administrative Agent such Banks share of any Borrowing in accordance with 
Section 2.5(b) hereof shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligations 
to fund its Commitment, in accordance with the provisions hereof.

               (e) Subject to the provisions hereof, the Administrative 
Agent shall make available each Borrowing to Borrower or the applicable 
Qualified Borrower in Federal funds or the applicable Alternate Currency 
immediately available in accordance with, and on the date set forth in, the 
applicable Notice of Borrowing.

          Section 2.6 Notes.

               (a) The Loans of each Bank shall be evidenced by a single 
Note made by each Borrower (including any Qualified Borrower) payable to 
the order of such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office.

               (b) Each Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent, request that its Loans of a particular type 
(including, without limitation, Swingline Loans and Money Market Loans) be 
evidenced by a separate Note in an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid 
principal amount of such Loans. Any additional costs incurred by the 
Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the Banks in connection with 
preparing such a Note shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Bank 
requesting such Note. In the event any Loans evidenced by such a Note are 
paid in full prior to the Maturity Date, any such Bank shall return such 
Note to Borrower. Each such Note shall be in substantially the form of 
Exhibit A hereto with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that it 
evidences solely Loans of the relevant type. Upon the execution and 
delivery of any such Note, any existing Note payable to such Bank shall be 
replaced or modified accordingly. Each reference in this Agreement to the 
Note of such Bank shall be deemed to refer to and include any or all of 
such Notes, as the context may require.

               (c) Upon receipt of each Banks Note pursuant to Section 
3.1(a), the Administrative Agent shall forward such Note to such Bank. Each 
Bank shall record the date, amount, type and maturity of each Loan made by 
it and the date and amount of each payment of principal made by the 
Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as the case may be, with respect thereto, 
and may, if such Bank so elects in connection with any transfer or 
enforcement of its Note, endorse on the appropriate schedule appropriate 
notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to each such 
Loan then outstanding; provided that the failure of any Bank to make any 
such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the 
Borrower or applicable Qualified Borrower hereunder or under the Notes. 
Each Bank is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Borrower and each 
Qualified Borrower so to endorse its Note and to attach to and make a part 
of its Note a continuation of any such schedule as and when required.

               (d) The Committed Loans shall mature, and the principal 
amount thereof shall be due and payable, on the Maturity Date. The 
Swingline Loans shall mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due 
and payable, in accordance with Section 2.3(b)(iii).

               (e) Each Money Market Loan included in any Money Market 
Borrowing shall mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due and 
payable, together with

43

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

accrued interest thereon, on the earlier to occur of (i) last day of the 
Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing or (ii) the Maturity Date.

               (f) There shall be no more than fifteen (15) Euro-Dollar 
Groups of Loans and no more than ten (10) Money Market Loans outstanding at 
any one time.

          Section 2.7 Method of Electing Interest Rates. (a) The Loans 
included in each Committed Borrowing shall bear interest initially at the 
type of rate specified by the Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as the case 
may be, in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or as otherwise provided in 
Section 2.3 with respect to Mandatory Borrowings. Thereafter, the Borrower 
or the applicable Qualified Borrower (or the Borrower on behalf of the 
applicable Qualified Borrower) may from time to time elect to change or 
continue the type of interest rate borne by each Group of Loans (subject in 
each case to the provisions of Article VIII), as follows:

(i) if such Loans are Base Rate Loans, the Borrower may elect to convert 
all or any portion of such Loans to Euro-Dollar Loans as of any Euro-Dollar 
Business Day;

(ii) if such Loans are Euro-Dollar Loans, the Borrower or the applicable 
Qualified Borrower (or the Borrower on behalf of the applicable Qualified 
Borrower) may elect to convert all or any portion of such Loans to Base 
Rate Loans and/or elect to continue all or any portion of such Loans as 
Euro-Dollar Loans for an additional Interest Period or additional Interest 
Periods, in each case effective on the last day of the then current 
Interest Period applicable to such Loans, or on such other date designated 
by Borrower or the applicable Qualified Borrower (or the Borrower on behalf 
of the applicable Qualified Borrower) in the Notice of Interest Rate 
Election provided Borrower or the applicable Qualified Borrower (or the 
Borrower on behalf of the applicable Qualified Borrower) shall pay any 
losses pursuant to Section 2.14.

Each such election shall be made by delivering a notice (a Notice of 
Interest Rate Election) to the Administrative Agent at least three (3) 
Euro-Dollar Business Days prior to, but excluding, the effective date of 
the conversion or continuation selected in such notice. A Notice of 
Interest Rate Election may, if it so specifies, apply to only a portion of 
the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Group of Loans; provided 
that (i) such portion is allocated ratably among the Loans comprising such 
Group, (ii) the portion to which such Notice applies, and the remaining 
portion to which it does not apply, are each the Dollar Equivalent Amount 
of $5,000,000 (or, with respect to Loans denominated in an Alternate 
Currency only, the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $3,000,000) or any larger 
multiple of the Dollar Equivalent Amount of $1,000,000, (iii) there shall 
be no more than fifteen (15) Euro-Dollar Groups of Loans outstanding at any 
time, (iv) no Committed Loan may be continued as, or converted into, a 
Euro-Dollar Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
and (v) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.

               (b) Each Notice of Interest Rate Election shall specify:

(i) the Group of Loans (or portion thereof) to which such notice applies;

44

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(ii) the date on which the conversion or continuation selected in such 
notice is to be effective, which shall comply with the applicable clause of 
subsection (a) above;

(iii) if the Loans comprising such Group are to be converted, the new type 
of Loans and, if such new Loans are Euro-Dollar Loans, the duration of the 
initial Interest Period applicable thereto; and

(iv) if such Loans are to be continued as Euro-Dollar Loans for an 
additional Interest Period, the duration of such additional Interest 
Period.

Each Interest Period specified in a Notice of Interest Rate Election shall 
comply with the provisions of the definition of Interest Period.

               (c) Upon receipt of a Notice of Interest Rate Election from 
the Borrower or Qualified Borrower pursuant to subsection (a) above, the 
Administrative Agent shall notify each Bank the same day as it receives 
such Notice of Interest Rate Election of the contents thereof, the interest 
rates determined pursuant thereto and the Interest Periods (if different 
from those requested by the Borrower or Qualified Borrower) and such notice 
shall not thereafter be revocable by the Borrower or Qualified Borrower. If 
the Borrower or Qualified Borrower fails to deliver a timely Notice of 
Interest Rate Election to the Administrative Agent for any Group of 
Euro-Dollar Loans, such Loans in Dollars shall be converted into Base Rate 
Loans, and Borrower or the applicable Qualified Borrower shall repay such 
Loans in Alternate Currencies, on the last day of the then current Interest 
Period applicable thereto.

          Section 2.8 Interest Rates.

          (a) Each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding 
principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such Loan is made 
until the date it is repaid or converted into a Euro-Dollar Loan pursuant 
to Section 2.7, at a rate per annum equal to sum of the Base Rate plus the 
Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans for such day.

          (b) Each Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding 
principal amount thereof, for each day during the Interest Period 
applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable 
Margin for Euro-Dollar Loans for such day plus the Adjusted Interbank 
Offered Rate applicable to such Interest Period.

          (c) Subject to Section 8.1, each Money Market IBOR Loan shall 
bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for the Interest 
Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the 
Interbank Offered Rate for such Interest Period (determined in accordance 
with Section 2.8(b) as if the related Money Market IBOR Borrowing were a 
Euro-Dollar Borrowing) plus (or minus) the Money Market Margin quoted by 
the Bank making such Loan in accordance with Section 2.4. Each Money Market 
Absolute Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount 
thereof, for the Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum 
equal to the Money Market Absolute Rate quoted by the Bank making such Loan 
in accordance with Section 2.4. Any overdue principal of or interest on any 
Money Market Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day 
until paid at a rate per

45

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

annum equal to the Base Rate until such failure shall become an Event of 
Default and thereafter at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the 
Base Rate for such day.

               (d) In the event that, and for so long as, any Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the outstanding principal 
amount of the Loans, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
overdue interest in respect of all Loans, shall bear interest at the annual 
rate equal to the sum of the Base Rate and two percent (2%) (the Default 
Rate).

               (e) The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest 
rate applicable to the Loans hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall give 
prompt notice to the Borrower and the Banks of each rate of interest so 
determined, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive in the 
absence of demonstrable error.

               (f) Intentionally Omitted.

               (g) Interest on all Loans bearing interest at the Base Rate 
shall be payable on the first Business Day of each calendar month. Interest 
on all Loans bearing interest based on the London Interbank Offered Rate 
shall be payable on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of the applicable 
Interest Period, but no less frequently than every three months determined 
on the basis of the first (1st) day of the Interest Period applicable to 
the Loan in question.

          Section 2.9 Fees.

          (a) Facility Fee. For the period beginning on the date hereof and 
ending on the date the Obligations are paid in full and this Agreement is 
terminated (the Facility Fee Period), the Borrower shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks ratably in proportion to 
their respective Commitments a facility fee on the aggregate Commitments, 
irrespective of usage, at the Applicable Fee Percentage. The facility fee 
shall be payable in arrears on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 
1 during the Facility Fee Period.

          (b) Letter of Credit Fee. During the Term and thereafter for so 
long as any Letter of Credit shall be outstanding, the Borrower shall pay, 
or shall cause the applicable Qualified Borrowers to pay, to the 
Administrative Agent, for the account of the Banks in proportion to their 
interests in respect of issued and undrawn Letters of Credit, a fee (a 
Letter of Credit Fee) in an amount, provided that no Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing, equal to a rate per annum equal to 
the then percentage per annum of the Applicable Margin with respect to 
Euro-Dollar Loans, on the daily average of such issued and undrawn Letters 
of Credit, which fee shall be payable, in arrears, on each January 1, April 
1, July 1 and October 1 during the Term and thereafter for so long as any 
Letter of Credit shall be outstanding. From the occurrence, and during the 
continuance, of an Event of Default, such fee shall be increased to be 
equal to two percent (2%) per annum on the daily average of such issued and 
undrawn Letters of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, no 
Letter of Credit Fee shall be payable on the available amount of any Letter 
of Credit to the extent that such Letter of Credit has been cash 
collateralized solely as a result of the provisions of Section 9.16(c)(ii) 
hereof.

               (c) Fronting Bank Fee. The Borrower or the applicable 
Qualified Borrower shall pay any Fronting Bank, for its own account, a fee 
(a Fronting Bank Fee) at a

46

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 0.25% of the issued and undrawn 
amount of such Letter of Credit and (ii) $250, which fee shall be in 
addition to and not in lieu of, the Letter of Credit Fee. The Fronting Bank 
Fee shall be payable in arrears on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and 
October 1 during the Term.

               (d) Extension Fee. If Borrower elects to extend the term of 
the Loan in accordance with Section 2.10(b), the Borrower shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent, for the account of the Banks in proportion to their 
interests, a fee (a Extension Fee) in an amount equal to 0.35% of the 
aggregate Commitments. The Extension Fee shall be paid by Borrower on or 
before the Extension Date.

               (e) Fees Non-Refundable. All fees set forth in this Section 
2.9 shall be deemed to have been earned on the date payment is due in 
accordance with the provisions hereof and shall be non-refundable. The 
obligation of the Borrower to pay such fees in accordance with the 
provisions hereof shall be binding upon the Borrower and shall inure to the 
benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Banks regardless of whether any 
Loans are actually made.

          Section 2.10 Maturity Date.

               (a) The term (the Term) of the Commitments (and each 
Banks obligations to make Loans and to participate in Letters of Credit 
hereunder) shall terminate and expire, and the Borrower shall return or 
cause to be returned all Letters of Credit to the Fronting Bank on the 
Maturity Date. Upon the date of the termination of the Term, any Loans then 
outstanding (together with accrued interest thereon and all other 
Obligations) shall be due and payable on such date.

               (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may extend 
the Maturity Date for a period of one (1) year upon the following terms and 
conditions: (i) delivery by Borrower of a written notice to the 
Administrative Agent (the Extension Notice) on or before a date that is 
not more than 180 days nor less than 30 days prior to the Maturity Date, 
which Extension Notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver to 
the Banks; (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
both on the date the Borrower delivers the Extension Notice and on the 
original Maturity Date (the Extension Date), and (iii) Borrower shall pay 
the Extension Fee to Administrative Agent on or before the Extension Date. 
Borrowers delivery of the Extension Notice shall be irrevocable.

          Section 2.11 Optional Prepayments.

          (a) The Borrower may, upon at least one (1) Business Days notice 
to the Administrative Agent, prepay any Group of Base Rate Loans or any 
Money Market Borrowing bearing interest at the Base Rate pursuant to 
Section 8.1, in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in amounts 
aggregating One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or more, by paying the 
principal amount to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to 
the date of prepayment. The Borrower may, from time to time on any Business 
Day so long as prior notice is given to the Administrative Agent and 
Swingline Lender no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the day on 
which Borrower intends to make such prepayment, prepay any Swingline Loans 
in whole or in part in amounts aggregating $100,000 or a higher integral

47

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

multiple of $100,000 (or, if less, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Swingline Loans then outstanding) by paying the principal 
amount to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to the date of 
prepayment by initiating a wire transfer of the principal and interest on 
the Loans no later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on such day and the 
Borrower shall deliver a federal reference number evidencing such wire to 
Administrative Agent as soon as available thereafter on such day. Each such 
optional prepayment shall be applied to prepay ratably the Loans of the 
several Banks (or the Swingline Lender in the case of Swingline Loans) 
included in such Group or Borrowing.

               (b) The Borrower may, upon at least three (3) Euro-Dollar 
Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, pay all or any portion 
of any Euro-Dollar Loan as of the last day of the Interest Period 
applicable thereto. Except as provided in Article 8 and except with respect 
to any Euro-Dollar Loan which has been converted to a Base Rate Loan 
pursuant to Section 2.19, 8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 hereof, the Borrower may not 
prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of any Euro-Dollar Loan 
prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto unless the 
Borrower shall also pay any applicable expenses pursuant to Section 2.14. 
Subject to the provisions of clause (a) hereof, the Borrower may not prepay 
all or any portion of the principal amount of any Money Market Loan prior 
to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto without the consent of 
all applicable Designated Lenders and Banks. Any such prepayment shall be 
given on or prior to the third (3rd) Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to, but 
excluding, the date of prepayment to the Administrative Agent. Each such 
optional prepayment shall be in the amounts set forth in Section 2.11(a) 
above and shall be applied to prepay ratably the Loans of the Banks 
included in any Group of Euro-Dollar Loans, except that any Euro-Dollar 
Loan which has been converted to a Base Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.19, 
8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 hereof may be prepaid without ratable payment of the other 
Loans in such Group of Loans which have not been so converted.

               (c) The Borrower may, upon at least one (1) Business Days 
(or, in the case of any Alternate Currency Letter of Credit, one (1) 
Euro-Dollar Business Days) notice to the Administrative Agent (by 1:00 
P.M. New York City or local time to the principal financial center of the 
Alternate Currency in question, as applicable on such Business Day (or 
Euro-Dollar Business Day)), reimburse the Administrative Agent for the 
benefit of the Fronting Bank for the amount of any drawing under a Letter 
of Credit in whole or in part in any amount.

               (d) The Borrower may at any time return any undrawn Letter 
of Credit to the Fronting Bank in whole, but not in part, and the Fronting 
Bank within a reasonable period of time shall give the Administrative Agent 
and each of the Banks notice of such return.

               (e) The Borrower may at any time and from time to time 
cancel all or any part of the Dollar Commitments or Alternate Currency 
Commitments by the delivery to the Administrative Agent of a notice of 
cancellation within the applicable time periods set forth in Sections 
2.11(a) and (b) if there are Loans then outstanding or, if there are no 
Loans outstanding at such time as to which the Commitments with respect 
thereto are being canceled, upon at least three (3) Business Days notice 
to the Administrative Agent, whereupon, in either event, all or such 
portion of the Commitments, as applicable, shall terminate as to the 
applicable Banks, pro rata on the date set forth in such notice of 
cancellation, and, if there are any Loans then outstanding, Borrower shall 
prepay, as applicable, all or such portion of Loans outstanding on

48

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

such date in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.11(a) and (b). 
In no event shall the Borrower be permitted to cancel Commitments for which 
a Letter of Credit has been issued and is outstanding unless the Borrower 
returns (or causes to be returned) such Letter of Credit to the Fronting 
Bank. Borrower shall be permitted to designate in its notice of 
cancellation which Loans, if any, are to be prepaid. A reduction of the 
Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.11(e) shall not effect a reduction 
in the Swingline Commitment (unless so elected by the Borrower) until the 
aggregate Commitments have been reduced to an amount equal to or less than 
the Swingline Commitment.

               (f) Any amounts so prepaid pursuant to Section 2.11 (a) or 
(b) may be reborrowed. In the event Borrower elects to cancel all or any 
portion of the Commitments and the Swingline Commitment pursuant to Section 
2.11(e) hereof, such amounts may not be reborrowed.

          Section 2.12 Mandatory Prepayments. The Administrative Agent 
shall calculate the Dollar Equivalent Amount of all Loans denominated in an 
Alternate Currency at the time of each Borrowing thereof and on the last 
Business Day of each month during each Interest Period longer than one 
month in duration. If at any such time the sum of (i) the Dollar Equivalent 
Amount of all outstanding Alternate Currency Loans, and (ii) the 
outstanding Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Alternate Currency Letter of 
Credit Usage, so determined by the Administrative Agent, in the aggregate, 
exceeds 105% of an amount equal to the aggregate Alternate Currency 
Commitments less any Loans and Letters of Credit borrowed and issued under 
the Dollar Commitments, Borrower, within three (3) Business Days after 
notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, shall repay (and cause the 
applicable Qualified Borrowers to repay) all or a portion of such Loans, 
otherwise in accordance with the applicable terms of this Agreement, in 
such amount so that, following the making of such payment, the Dollar 
Equivalent Amount outstanding of such Alternate Currency Loans and 
Alternate Currency Letter of Credit Usage does not exceed the aggregate 
Alternate Currency Commitments less any Loans and Letters of Credit 
borrowed and issued under the Dollar Commitments.

          Section 2.13 General Provisions as to Payments.

               (a) The Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as the case may be, 
shall make each payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans and 
fees hereunder, by initiating a wire transfer not later than 1:00 P.M. (New 
York City or local time to the principal financial center of the Alternate 
Currency in question, as applicable) on the date when due, or, with respect 
to Money Market Loans, fund such payment of the principal of and interest 
on the Loans and fees hereunder such that the Designating Lender shall 
receive payment from Administrative Agent by 12:00 P.M. (New York City time 
or local time to the principal financial center of the Alternate Currency 
in question), of Federal or other funds immediately available in New York, 
New York or, in the case of any Alternate Currency, the principal financial 
center of the Alternate Currency in question, to the Administrative Agent 
at its address referred to in Section 9.1, and the Borrower shall deliver a 
federal reference number evidencing such wire to Administrative Agent as 
soon as possible thereafter on the date when due. The Administrative Agent 
will promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day (or, with 
respect to Alternate Currencies, one (1) Euro-Dollar Business Day) after 
receipt thereof) distribute to each Bank its ratable share (or applicable 
share with respect to Money Market Loans) of each such payment

49

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks. If and 
to the extent that the Administrative Agent shall receive any such payment 
for the account of the Banks on or before 11:00 A.M. (New York City or 
local time to the principal financial center of the Alternate Currency in 
question, as applicable) on any Business Day (or Euro-Dollar Business Day, 
as applicable), and Administrative Agent shall not have distributed to any 
Bank its applicable share of such payment on such day, Administrative Agent 
shall distribute such amount to such Bank together with interest thereon, 
for each day from the date such amount should have been distributed to such 
Bank until the date Administrative Agent distributes such amount to such 
Bank, at the Federal Funds Rate. Whenever any payment of principal of, or 
interest on the Base Rate Loans or Swingline Loans or of fees shall be due 
on a day which is not a Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be 
extended to the next succeeding Business Day. Whenever any payment of 
principal of, or interest on, the Euro-Dollar Loans shall be due on a day 
which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall 
be extended to the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such 
Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case the 
date for payment thereof shall be the next preceding Euro-Dollar Business 
Day. Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Money Market 
Absolute Rate Loans shall be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business 
Day. Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Money Market 
IBOR Loans shall be due on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, 
the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding 
Euro-Dollar Business Day. If the date for any payment of principal is 
extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest thereon shall be 
payable for such extended time.

               (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received 
notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to 
the Banks hereunder that the Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as the case 
may be, will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may 
assume that the Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as the case may be, has 
made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the 
Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be 
distributed to each Bank on such due date an amount equal to the amount 
then due such Bank. If and to the extent that the Borrower or Qualified 
Borrower, as the case may be, shall not have so made such payment, each 
Bank shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such 
amount distributed to such Bank together with interest thereon, for each 
day from the date such amount is distributed to such Bank until the date 
such Bank repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal 
Funds Rate.

               (c) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to 
be made by it pursuant to Section 2.3, 2.5, 2.13, 2.17 or 9.3, then the 
Administrative Agent, notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, shall 
(i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for 
the account of such Bank for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the 
Swingline Lender or the Fronting Bank to satisfy such Bankss obligations 
to it under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully 
paid, and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash 
collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such 
Bank under any such Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) 
above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its 
reasonable discretion.

50

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Section 2.14 Funding Losses. If the Borrower or Qualified 
Borrower, as the case may be, makes any payment of principal with respect 
to any Euro-Dollar Loan or Money Market IBOR Loan (pursuant to Article II, 
VI or VIII or otherwise) on any day other than the last day of the Interest 
Period applicable thereto, or if the Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as the 
case may be, fails to borrow any Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market IBOR 
Loans after notice has been given to any Bank in accordance with Section 
2.5(a) or 2.4(f), as applicable, or if Borrower or Qualified Borrower, as 
the case may be, shall deliver a Notice of Interest Rate Election 
specifying that a Euro-Dollar Loan shall be converted on a date other than 
the first (1st) day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, 
the Borrower shall reimburse each Bank within 15 days after certification 
of such Bank of such loss or expense (which shall be delivered by each such 
Bank to Administrative Agent for delivery to Borrower) for any resulting 
loss or expense incurred by it (or by an existing Participant in the 
related Loan), including, without limitation, any loss incurred in 
obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but 
excluding loss of margin for the period after any such payment or failure 
to borrow, provided that such Bank shall have delivered to Administrative 
Agent and Administrative Agent shall have delivered to the Borrower a 
certification as to the amount of such loss or expense, which certification 
shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for and calculation of such 
loss or expense and shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable 
error.

          Section 2.15 Computation of Interest and Fees. Interest based on 
the Prime Rate or for Euro-Dollar Loans denominated in British Pounds 
Sterling hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days 
(or, in the case of interest based on the Prime Rate only, 366 days in a 
leap year) and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the 
first day but excluding the last day). All other interest and fees shall be 
computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number 
of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

          Section 2.16 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall use, or shall 
cause any Qualified Borrower to use, the proceeds of the Loans for general 
corporate purposes, including, without limitation, the acquisition of real 
property to be used in the Borrowers existing business and for general 
working capital needs of the Borrower; provided, however, that no Swingline 
Loan shall be used more than once for the purpose of refinancing another 
Swingline Loan, in whole or part.

          Section 2.17 Letters of Credit.

               (a) Subject to the terms contained in this Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents, upon the receipt of a notice in accordance with 
Section 2.2(b) requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Fronting 
Bank shall issue a Letter of Credit or Letters of Credit in such form as is 
reasonably acceptable to the Borrower (subject to the provisions of Section 
2.2(b)) in an amount or amounts equal to the amount or amounts requested by 
the Borrower; provided that, in the case of (i) Alternate Currency 
Letter(s) of Credit, the Fronting Bank shall issue the same in the 
Alternate Currency requested and (ii) Dollar Letter(s) of Credit, the 
Fronting Bank shall issue the same in Dollars.

51

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (b) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued in the minimum 
amount of the Dollar Equivalent Amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($100,000) or such lesser amount as may be agreed to by the Fronting Bank.

               (c) The Letter of Credit Usage shall be no more than the 
lesser of (i) the Dollar Equivalent Amount of One Hundred Million Dollars 
($100,000,000) and (ii) twenty percent (20%) of the Facility Amount at any 
one time.

               (d) There shall be no more than twenty-five (25) Letters of 
Credit outstanding at any one time.

               (e) In the event of any request for a drawing under any 
Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereunder, the Fronting Bank shall 
notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative 
Agent shall notify each Bank thereof) on or before the date on which the 
Fronting Bank intends to honor such drawing, and, except as provided in 
this subsection (e), the Borrower shall reimburse the Fronting Bank, in 
immediately available funds, on the same day on which such drawing is 
honored in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent Amount of such drawing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, however, unless 
the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent and the Fronting 
Bank prior to 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the Business Day (or 
Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of Alternate Currency Letters of 
Credit) immediately preceding the date of such drawing that the Borrower 
intends to reimburse the Fronting Bank for the Dollar Equivalent Amount of 
such drawing with funds other than the proceeds of the Loans, the Borrower 
shall be deemed to have timely given a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to 
Section 2.2 to the Administrative Agent, requesting a Borrowing of Base 
Rate Loans on the date on which such drawing is honored and in an amount 
equal to the Dollar Equivalent Amount of such drawing. Each Bank (other 
than the Fronting Bank) shall, in accordance with Section 2.3(b), make 
available its pro rata share of such Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, 
the proceeds of which shall be applied directly by the Administrative Agent 
to reimburse the Fronting Bank for the amount of such draw. Notwithstanding 
anything contained herein to the contrary, however, in the case of 
Alternate Currency Letters of Credit, Borrower or, if such Letter of Credit 
was issued on behalf of a Qualified Borrower, such Qualified Borrower 
(which obligations of such Qualified Borrower are guaranteed by Borrower 
pursuant to the Qualified Borrower Guaranty) shall reimburse any drawing 
thereunder in the Alternate Currency in which such Alternate Currency 
Letter(s) of Credit are denominated; provided, however, that if (x) any 
such drawing is made at a time when there exists an Event of Default or (y) 
Borrower shall not have notified the Administrative Agent and Fronting Bank 
prior to 11 a.m. (New York time) at least two (2) Euro-Dollar Business Days 
immediately prior to such drawing that Borrower intends to reimburse 
Fronting Bank in the applicable Alternate Currency, then, in either such 
case, such reimbursement shall instead be made by payment in Dollars of the 
Dollar Equivalent Amount of such drawing and in immediately available 
funds. In the event that any Bank fails to make available to the Fronting 
Bank the amount of such Banks participation on the date of a drawing, the 
Fronting Bank shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such 
Bank together with interest at the Federal Funds Rate commencing on the 
date such drawing is honored, and the provisions of Section 9.16 shall 
otherwise apply to such failure.

52

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (f) If, at the time a beneficiary under any Letter of Credit 
requests a drawing thereunder, an Event of Default as described in Section 
6.1(f) or Section 6.1(g) shall have occurred and is continuing, then on the 
date on which the Fronting Bank shall have honored such drawing, the 
Borrower shall have an unreimbursed obligation (the Unreimbursed 
Obligation) to the Fronting Bank in an amount equal to the amount of such 
drawing, which amount shall bear interest at the annual rate of the sum of 
the Base Rate plus two percent (2%). Each Bank shall purchase an undivided 
participating interest in such drawing in an amount equal to its pro rata 
share of the Commitments, and upon receipt thereof the Fronting Bank shall 
deliver to such Bank an Unreimbursed Obligation participation certificate 
dated the date of the Fronting Banks receipt of such funds and in the 
amount of such Banks pro rata share.

               (g) If, after the date hereof, any change in any law or 
regulation or in the interpretation thereof by any court or administrative 
or governmental authority charged with the administration thereof shall 
either (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit 
or similar requirement against letters of credit issued by, or assets held 
by, or deposits in or for the account of, or participations in any letter 
of credit, upon any Bank (including the Fronting Bank) or (ii) impose on 
any Bank any other condition regarding this Agreement or such Bank 
(including the Fronting Bank) as it pertains to the Letters of Credit or 
any participation therein and the result of any event referred to in the 
preceding clause (i) or (ii) shall be to increase, by an amount deemed by 
the Fronting Bank or such Bank to be material, the cost to the Fronting 
Bank or any Bank of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or 
participating therein, then the Borrower shall pay to the Fronting Bank or 
such Bank, within 15 days after written demand by such Bank (with a copy to 
the Administrative Agent), which demand shall be accompanied by a 
certificate showing, in reasonable detail, the calculation of such amount 
or amounts, such additional amounts as shall be required to compensate the 
Fronting Bank or such Bank for such increased costs or reduction in amounts 
received or receivable hereunder. Each Bank will promptly notify the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has 
knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle such Bank to 
compensation pursuant to this Section 2.17 and will designate a different 
Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for, or 
reduce the amount of, such compensation and will not, in the reasonable 
judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such 
Bank shall fail to notify Borrower of any such event within 90 days 
following the end of the month during which such event occurred, then 
Borrowers liability for any amounts described in this Section incurred by 
such Bank as a result of such event shall be limited to those attributable 
to the period occurring subsequent to the ninetieth (90th) day prior to, 
but excluding, the date upon which such Bank actually notified Borrower of 
the occurrence of such event. A certificate of any Bank claiming 
compensation under this Section 2.17 and setting forth a reasonably 
detailed calculation of the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it 
hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. In 
determining such amount, such Bank may use any reasonable averaging and 
attribution methods.

               (h) The Borrower hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay 
and save the Fronting Bank harmless from and against any and all claims, 
demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) which the Fronting 
Bank may incur or be subject to as a result of (i) the issuance of the 
Letters of Credit, other than to the extent of the bad faith, gross 
negligence or wilful misconduct of the Fronting Bank or (ii) the failure of 
the Fronting Bank to honor a drawing under any Letter of

53

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Credit as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of 
any present or future de jure or de facto government or governmental 
authority (collectively, Governmental Acts), other than to the extent of 
the bad faith, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Fronting Bank. 
As between the Borrower and the Fronting Bank, the Borrower assumes all 
risks of the acts and omissions of any beneficiary with respect to its use, 
or misuses of, the Letters of Credit issued by the Fronting Bank. In 
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Fronting Bank shall 
not be responsible (i) for the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, 
genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in 
connection with the application for and issuance of such Letters of Credit, 
even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, 
insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged; (ii) for the validity or 
insufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to 
transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits 
thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be 
invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) for failure of the beneficiary 
of any such Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions required in 
order to draw upon such Letter of Credit, other than as a result of the bad 
faith, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Fronting Bank; (iv) for 
errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of 
any message, by mail, cable, telegraph, facsimile transmission, or 
otherwise; (v) for errors in interpretation of any technical terms; (vi) 
for any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any documents 
required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of 
the proceeds thereof; (vii) for the misapplication by the beneficiary of 
any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of such Letter of Credit; and 
(viii) for any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the 
Fronting Bank, including any Government Acts, in each case other than to 
the extent of the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the 
Fronting Bank. None of the above shall affect, impair or prevent the 
vesting of the Fronting Banks rights and powers hereunder. In furtherance 
and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions hereinabove 
set forth, any action taken or omitted by the Fronting Bank under or in 
connection with the Letters of Credit issued by it or the related 
certificates, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not put the Fronting 
Bank under any resulting liability to the Borrower; provided that, 
notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the Fronting 
Bank will be liable to the Borrower for any damages suffered by the 
Borrower or its Subsidiaries as a result of the Fronting Banks grossly 
negligent or wilful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the 
presentation to it of a sight draft and certificates strictly in compliance 
with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit.

               (i) If the Fronting Bank or the Administrative Agent is 
required at any time, pursuant to any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation 
or reorganization law or otherwise, to return to the Borrower any 
reimbursement by the Borrower of any drawing under any Letter of Credit, 
each Bank shall pay to the Fronting Bank or the Administrative Agent, as 
the case may be, its pro rata share of such payment, but without interest 
thereon unless the Fronting Bank or the Administrative Agent is required to 
pay interest on such amounts to the person recovering such payment, in 
which case with interest thereon, computed at the same rate, and on the 
same basis, as the interest that the Fronting Bank or the Administrative 
Agent is required to pay.

               (j) It is hereby acknowledged and agreed by the Borrower, 
the Administrative Agent and all the Banks party hereto that on the Closing 
Date, the letters of credit previously issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
as Fronting Bank under the Existing

54

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Revolving Credit Agreement, and more particularly set forth on Schedule 
2.17 hereto, shall be transferred to this Agreement and shall be deemed to 
be Letters of Credit hereunder.

          Section 2.18 Letter of Credit Usage Absolute. The obligations of 
the Borrower under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit shall 
be unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement (as the same may be amended from time to 
time) and any Letter of Credit Documents (as hereinafter defined) under all 
circumstances, including, without limitation, to the extent permitted by 
law, the following circumstances:

               (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of 
Credit or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (collectively, 
the Letter of Credit Documents) or any Loan Document;

               (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, 
or in any other term of, all or any of the obligations of the Borrower in 
respect of the Letters of Credit or any other amendment or waiver of or any 
consent by the Borrower to departure from all or any of the Letter of 
Credit Documents or any Loan Document; provided, that the Fronting Bank 
shall not consent to any such change or amendment unless previously 
consented to in writing by the Borrower;

               (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any 
collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to 
departure from any guaranty, for all or any of the obligations of the 
Borrower in respect of the Letters of Credit;

               (d) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other 
right that the Borrower may have at any time against any beneficiary or any 
transferee of a Letter of Credit (or any Persons for whom any such 
beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the Administrative 
Agent, the Fronting Bank or any Bank (other than a defense based on the bad 
faith, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, 
the Fronting Bank or such Bank) or any other Person, whether in connection 
with the Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or by the 
Letters of Credit Documents or any unrelated transaction;

               (e) any draft or any other document presented under or in 
connection with any Letter of Credit or other Loan Document proving to be 
forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement 
therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; provided, that payment 
by the Fronting Bank under such Letter of Credit against presentation of 
such draft or document shall not have been the result of the bad faith, 
gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Fronting Bank;

               (f) payment by the Fronting Bank against presentation of a 
draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of the 
Letter of Credit; provided, that such payment shall not have been the 
result of the bad faith, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the 
Fronting Bank; and

               (g) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever other 
than the payment in full of all obligations hereunder in respect of any 
Letter of Credit or any agreement

55

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

or instrument relating to any Letter of Credit, whether or not similar to 
any of the foregoing, that might otherwise constitute a defense available 
to, or a discharge of, the Borrower; provided, that such other circumstance 
or happening shall not have been the result of bad faith, gross negligence 
or wilful misconduct of the Fronting Bank.

          Section 2.19 Special Provisions Regarding Alternate Currency 
Loans.

               (a) Upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event, automatically 
(and without the taking of any action) (x) all then outstanding Euro-Dollar 
Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency shall be automatically converted 
into Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the 
Dollar Equivalent Amount of the aggregate principal amount of the 
applicable Euro-Dollar Loans on the date such Sharing Event first occurred, 
which Loans denominated in Dollars (i) shall thereafter continue to be 
deemed to be Base Rate Loans and (ii) unless the Sharing Event resulted 
solely from a termination of the Commitments, shall be immediately due and 
payable on the date such Sharing Event has occurred) and (y) unless the 
Sharing Event resulted solely from a termination of the Commitments, all 
accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing with respect to such 
Loans shall be immediately due and payable in Dollars, taking the Dollar 
Equivalent Amount of such accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts.

               (b) Upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event (i) no further 
Loans shall be made, and (ii) all amounts from time to time accruing with 
respect to, and all amounts from time to time payable on account of, any 
outstanding Euro-Dollar Loans initially denominated in an Alternate 
Currency (including, without limitation, any interest and other amounts 
which were accrued but unpaid on the date of such purchase) shall be 
payable in Dollars as if such Euro-Dollar Loans had originally been made in 
Dollars.

          Section 2.20 Letters of Credit Maturing after the Maturity Date.

               (a) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
contrary, if any Letters of Credit, by their terms, shall mature after the 
Maturity Date (as the same may be extended), then, on and after the 
Maturity Date, the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force 
and effect with respect to such Letters of Credit, and the Borrower shall 
comply with the provisions of Section 2.20(b). No Letter of Credit shall 
mature on a date that is more than twelve (12) months after the Maturity 
Date then in effect.

               (b) If, at any time and from time to time, any Letter of 
Credit shall have been issued hereunder and the same shall expire on a date 
after the Maturity Date, then, on the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall pay 
to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Banks, in same day funds at 
the Administrative Agents office designated in such demand, for deposit in 
the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, Letter of Credit Collateral in an 
amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Letter of Credit Usage 
under the Letters of Credit. The Administrative Agent shall recalculate the 
Dollar Equivalent Amount with respect to all Alternate Currency Letters of 
Credit monthly, as of the first Business Day of each month. Interest shall 
accrue on the Letter of Credit Collateral Account in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 6.4.

56

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (c) From and after the Maturity Date, the Administrative 
Agent shall calculate the Dollar Equivalent Amount of any outstanding 
Alternate Currency Letters of Credit on the last Business Day of each 
month. If at any such time the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the Letter of 
Credit Usage, so determined by the Administrative Agent, exceeds the amount 
in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, Borrower, within three (3) 
Business Days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, shall 
deposit (and cause the applicable Qualified Borrowers to deposit) any such 
shortfall in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account.


ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS

          Section 3.1 Closing. The closing hereunder shall occur on the 
date when each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in 
writing by the Administrative Agent and the Banks), each document to be 
dated the Closing Date unless otherwise indicated:

               (a) the Borrower and any Qualified Borrower as of the 
Closing Date shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent 
a Note for the account of each Bank dated on or before the Closing Date 
complying with the provisions of Section 2.6;

               (b) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and each of 
the Banks shall have executed and delivered to the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent a duly executed original of this Agreement;

               (c) Guarantor shall have executed and delivered to the 
Administrative Agent a duly executed original of the Guaranty and the 
Qualified Borrower Guaranty, if applicable;

               (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion 
of DLA Piper LLP (US), counsel for the Borrower and Guarantor, acceptable 
to the Administrative Agent, the Banks and their counsel;

               (e) the Administrative Agent shall have received all 
documents the Administrative Agent may reasonably request relating to the 
existence of the Borrower, each Qualified Borrower as of the Closing Date, 
and General Partner, the authority for and the validity of this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents, the incumbency of officers executing this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other matters relevant 
hereto, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
Such documentation shall include, without limitation, the agreement of 
limited partnership of the Borrower, as well as the certificate of limited 
partnership of the Borrower, both as amended, modified or supplemented to 
the Closing Date, certified to be true, correct and complete by a senior 
officer of the Borrower as of a date not more than ten (10) days prior to 
the Closing Date, together with a certificate of existence as to the 
Borrower from the Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) of 
Delaware, to be dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing 
Date, as well as the articles of incorporation of General Partner, as 
amended, modified or supplemented to the Closing Date, certified to be 
true, correct and complete by a senior officer of General Partner as of a 
date not more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, together with a 
good standing certificate as to General Partner

57

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

from the Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) of Maryland, to be 
dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date and 
correlative documentation for each Qualified Borrower as of the Closing 
Date;

               (f) the Borrower, each Qualified Borrower as of the Closing 
Date and General Partner each shall have executed a solvency certificate 
acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

               (g) the Administrative Agent shall have received all 
certificates, agreements and other documents and papers referred to in this 
Section 3.1 and the Notice of Borrowing referred to in Section 3.2, if 
applicable, unless otherwise specified, in sufficient counterparts, 
satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent in their 
sole discretion;

               (h) the Borrower shall have taken all actions required to 
authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents and the performance thereof by the Borrower, General Partner 
shall have taken all actions required to authorize the execution and 
delivery of the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents and the performance 
thereof by General Partner, and each Qualified Borrower as of the Closing 
date shall have taken all actions required to authorize the execution and 
delivery of its Note and the performance thereof by such Qualified 
Borrower;

               (i) the Banks shall be satisfied that neither the Borrower, 
General Partner nor any Consolidated Subsidiary is subject to any present 
or contingent environmental liability which could have a Material Adverse 
Effect and the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate so stating;

               (j) the Administrative Agent shall have received, for its 
and any other Banks account, all fees due and payable pursuant to Section 
2.9 hereof on or before the Closing Date, and the reasonable fees and 
expenses accrued through the Closing Date of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher 
& Flom LLP, if required by such firm and if such firm has delivered an 
invoice in reasonable detail of such fees and expenses in sufficient time 
for Borrower to approve and process the same, shall have been paid to 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP;

               (k) the Borrower shall have delivered copies of all 
consents, licenses and approvals, if any, required in connection with the 
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower, each Qualified 
Borrower as of the Closing Date and General Partner, and the validity and 
enforceability, of the Loan Documents, or in connection with any of the 
transactions contemplated thereby, and such consents, licenses and 
approvals shall be in full force and effect;

               (l) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred; and

               (m) the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate in form 
acceptable to Administrative Agent showing compliance with the requirements 
of Section 5.8 as of the Closing Date.

          Section 3.2 Borrowings. The obligation of any Bank to make a Loan 
or to participate in any Letter of Credit issued by the Fronting

58

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Bank and the obligation of the Fronting Bank to issue a Letter of Credit or 
the obligation of the Swingline Lender to make a Swingline Loan on the 
occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following 
conditions:

               (a) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Notice of 
Borrowing as required by Section 2.2 or Section 2.3(b)(i) or a Notice of 
Money Market Borrowing as required by Section 2.4 or a request to cause a 
Fronting Bank to issue a Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.17;

               (b) in the event that such Loan is to be made to, or such 
Letter of Credit is to be issued for the account of, a Qualified Borrower, 
receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Note by such Qualified Borrower 
for the account of each Bank, if not previously delivered, satisfying the 
requirements of Section 2.6;

               (c) immediately after such Borrowing, the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Loans plus the Letter of Credit Usage 
will not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments;

               (d) immediately before and after such Borrowing or issuance 
of any Letter of Credit, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing both before and after giving effect to the making of such 
Loans or the issuance of such Letter of Credit;

               (e) the representations and warranties of the Borrower 
contained in this Agreement (other than representations and warranties 
which expressly speak as of a different date) shall be true and correct in 
all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing both before 
and after giving effect to the making of such Loans;

               (f) no law or regulation shall have been adopted, no order, 
judgment or decree of any governmental authority shall have been issued, 
and no litigation shall be pending, which does or seeks to enjoin, prohibit 
or restrain, the making or repayment of the Loans or the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

               (g) no event, act or condition shall have occurred after the 
Closing Date which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent 
or the Majority Banks, as the case may be, has had or is likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.

Each Borrowing hereunder or issuance of a Letter of Credit hereunder shall 
be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date 
of such Borrowing as to the facts specified in clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) 
and (f) (to the extent that Borrower is or should have been aware of any 
Material Adverse Effect) of this Section, except as otherwise disclosed in 
writing by Borrower to the Banks. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, 
no Borrowing shall be permitted if such Borrowing would cause Borrower to 
fail to be in compliance with any of the covenants contained in this 
Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents.

59

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          In order to induce the Administrative Agent and each of the other 
Banks which is or may become a party to this Agreement to make the Loans, 
the Borrower makes the following representations and warranties as of the 
Closing Date. Such representations and warranties shall survive the 
effectiveness of this Agreement, the execution and delivery of the other 
Loan Documents and the making of the Loans.

          Section 4.1 Existence and Power. The Borrower is a limited 
partnership, duly formed and validly existing as a limited partnership 
under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all powers and all material 
governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to 
own its property and assets and carry on its business as now conducted or 
as it presently proposes to conduct and has been duly qualified and is in 
good standing in every jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified 
and/or in good standing is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
General Partner is a corporation, duly formed, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Maryland and has all powers and all 
material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals 
required to own its property and assets and carry on its business as now 
conducted or as it presently proposes to conduct and has been duly 
qualified and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the 
failure to be so qualified and/or in good standing is likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. Each Qualified Borrower is a duly formed and 
validly existing juridical entity under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
formation and has all powers and all material governmental licenses, 
authorizations, consents and approvals required to own its property and 
assets and carry on its business as now conducted or as it presently 
proposes to conduct and has been duly qualified and is in good standing in 
every jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified and/or in good 
standing is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.2 Power and Authority. The Borrower and each Qualified 
Borrower has the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and 
carry out the terms and provisions of each of the Loan Documents to which 
it is a party and has taken all necessary action, if any, to authorize the 
execution and delivery on behalf of the Borrower or such Qualified Borrower 
and the performance by the Borrower or such Qualified Borrower of the Loan 
Documents to which it is a party. The Borrower, each Qualified Borrower and 
General Partner each have duly executed and delivered each Loan Document to 
which it is a party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and 
each such Loan Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation 
of the Borrower, such Qualified Borrower and General Partner, enforceable 
in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by 
applicable insolvency, bankruptcy or other laws affecting creditors rights 
generally, or general principles of equity, whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. General Partner has the 
power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and 
provisions of each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and has 
taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and 
performance of such Loan Documents. General Partner has the power and 
authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of 
each of the Loan Documents on behalf of the Borrower to which the Borrower 
is a party and has taken all necessary action to

60

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

authorize the execution and delivery on behalf of the Borrower and the 
performance by the Borrower of such Loan Documents.

          Section 4.3 No Violation. (a) Neither the execution, delivery or 
performance by or on behalf of the Borrower of the Loan Documents to which 
it is a party, nor compliance by the Borrower with the terms and provisions 
thereof nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such Loan 
Documents, (i) will materially contravene any applicable provision of any 
law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any 
court or governmental instrumentality, (ii) will materially conflict with 
or result in any breach of, any of the terms, covenants, conditions or 
provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or 
imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien upon any of 
the property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of 
trust, or other agreement or other instrument to which the Borrower (or of 
any partnership of which the Borrower is a partner) or any of its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its property 
or assets is bound or to which it is subject (except for such breaches and 
defaults under loan agreements which the lenders thereunder have agreed to 
forbear pursuant to valid forbearance agreements), or (iii) will cause a 
material default by the Borrower under any organizational document of any 
Person in which the Borrower has an interest, or cause a material default 
under the Borrowers agreement or certificate of limited partnership, the 
consequences of which conflict, breach or default would have a Material 
Adverse Effect, or result in or require the creation or imposition of any 
Lien whatsoever upon any Property (except as contemplated herein).

               (b) Neither the execution, delivery or performance by 
General Partner of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, nor 
compliance by General Partner with the terms and provisions thereof nor the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by such Loan Documents, (i) 
will materially contravene any applicable provision of any law, statute, 
rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or 
governmental instrumentality, (ii) will materially conflict with or result 
in any breach of, any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, 
or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of 
(or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien upon any of the property 
or assets of General Partner or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries 
pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other 
agreement or other instrument to which General Partner (or of any 
partnership of which General Partner is a partner) or any of its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its property 
or assets is bound or to which it is subject (except for such breaches and 
defaults under loan agreements which the lenders thereunder have agreed to 
forbear pursuant to valid forbearance agreements), or (iii) will cause a 
material default by General Partner under any organizational document of 
any Person in which General Partner has an interest, the consequences of 
which conflict, breach or default would have a Material Adverse Effect, or 
result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien whatsoever upon 
any Property (except as contemplated herein).

               (c) Neither the execution, delivery or performance by any 
Qualified Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, nor 
compliance by such Qualified Borrower with the terms and provisions thereof 
nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such Loan 
Documents, (i) will materially contravene any applicable provision of any 
law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any 
court or

61

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

governmental instrumentality, (ii) will materially conflict with or result 
in any breach of, any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, 
or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of 
(or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien upon any of the property 
or assets of such Qualified Borrower pursuant to the terms of any 
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other agreement or other instrument 
to which such Qualified Borrower (or of any partnership of which such 
Qualified Borrower is a partner) is a party or by which it or any of its 
property or assets is bound or to which it is subject (except for such 
breaches and defaults under loan agreements which the lenders thereunder 
have agreed to forbear pursuant to valid forbearance agreements), or (iii) 
will cause a material default by such Qualified Borrower under any 
organizational document of any Person in which such Qualified Borrower has 
an interest, the consequences of which conflict, breach or default would 
have a Material Adverse Effect, or result in or require the creation or 
imposition of any Lien whatsoever upon any Property (except as contemplated 
herein).

          Section 4.4 Financial Information. (a) The consolidated balance 
sheet of Borrower and their Consolidated Subsidiaries as of December 31, 
2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows 
of General Partner for the fiscal year then ended, reported on by 
PriceWaterhouseCoopers fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, the 
consolidated financial position of Borrower, General Partner and their 
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and the consolidated results of 
operations and cash flows for such fiscal quarter.

               (b) Since September 30, 2010, (i) except as may have been 
disclosed in writing to the Banks, nothing has occurred having a Material 
Adverse Effect, and (ii) except as set forth on Schedule 4.4(b), neither 
the Borrower nor General Partner has incurred any material indebtedness or 
guaranty on or before the Closing Date.

          Section 4.5 Litigation. Except as previously disclosed by the 
Borrower in writing to the Banks, there is no action, suit or proceeding 
pending against, or to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened against or 
affecting, (i) the Borrower, any Qualified Borrower, General Partner or any 
of their Consolidated Subsidiaries, (ii) the Loan Documents or any of the 
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or (iii) any of their 
assets, before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or 
official in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse decision 
which could, individually, or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse 
Effect or which in any manner draws into question the validity of this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, no such 
action, suit or proceeding exists.

          Section 4.6 Intentionally Omitted.

          Section 4.7 Environmental. The Borrower conducts reviews of the 
effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and properties of 
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries when necessary in the course 
of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs 
(including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures 
required for clean-up or closure of properties presently owned, any capital 
or operating expenditures required to achieve or maintain compliance with 
environmental protection standards imposed by law or as a condition of any 
license, permit or contract, any related constraints on operating 
activities, and any actual or potential liabilities to third parties, 
including, without limitation, employees, and any related costs and 
expenses). On the basis of

62

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

this review, the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such associated 
liabilities and costs, including, without limitation, the costs of 
compliance with Environmental Laws, are unlikely to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.

          Section 4.8 Taxes. The Borrower, each Qualified Borrower, General 
Partner and their Consolidated Subsidiaries have filed all United States 
Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are 
required to be filed by them and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such 
returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Borrower, any 
Qualified Borrower, General Partner or any Consolidated Subsidiary, except 
such taxes, if any, as are reserved against in accordance with GAAP, such 
taxes as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or 
such taxes, the failure to make payment of which when due and payable will 
not have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, 
accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower, General Partner and 
their Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of taxes or other governmental 
charges are, in the opinion of the Borrower, adequate.

          Section 4.9 Full Disclosure. All information heretofore furnished 
by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Bank for purposes of or 
in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby or 
thereby is true and accurate in all material respects on the date as of 
which such information is stated or certified. The Borrower has disclosed 
to the Administrative Agent, in writing any and all facts which have or may 
have (to the extent the Borrower can now reasonably foresee) a Material 
Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.10 Solvency. On the Closing Date and after giving 
effect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents occurring on 
the Closing Date, the Borrower, each Qualified Borrower and General Partner 
will be Solvent.

          Section 4.11 Use of Proceeds. All proceeds of the Loans will be 
used by the Borrower or the applicable Qualified Borrower only in 
accordance with the provisions hereof. Neither the making of any Loan nor 
the use of the proceeds thereof will violate or be inconsistent with the 
provisions of regulations T, U, or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

          Section 4.12 Governmental Approvals. No order, consent, approval, 
license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or 
registration with, or exemption by, any governmental or public body or 
authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to authorize, or is 
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of any 
Loan Document or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated 
thereby other than those that have already been duly made or obtained and 
remain in full force and effect or those which, if not made or obtained, 
would not have a Material Adverse Effect;

          Section 4.13 Investment Company Act; Public Utility Holding 
Company Act. Neither the Borrower, any Qualified Borrower, General Partner 
nor any Consolidated Subsidiary (other than AMB Capital Partners, LLC) is 
(x) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment 
company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended, or (y) subject to any other federal or state law or regulation 
which purports to restrict or regulate its ability to borrow money.

63

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Section 4.14 Principal Offices. As of the Closing Date, the 
principal office, chief executive office and principal place of business of 
the Borrower and Guarantor is Pier 1, Bay 1, San Francisco, California 
94111.

          Section 4.15 REIT Status. General Partner is qualified and 
General Partner intends to continue to qualify as a real estate investment 
trust under the Code.

          Section 4.16 Patents, Trademarks, etc. The Borrower and each 
Qualified Borrower has obtained and holds in full force and effect all 
patents, trademarks, servicemarks, trade names, copyrights and other such 
rights, free from burdensome restrictions, which are necessary for the 
operation of its business as presently conducted, the impairment of which 
is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.17 Judgments. As of the Closing Date, there are no 
final, non-appealable judgments or decrees in an aggregate amount of 
Thirty-Five Million Dollars ($35,000,000) or more entered by a court or 
courts of competent jurisdiction against General Partner or the Borrower 
or, to the extent such judgment would be recourse to General Partner or 
Borrower, any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (other than judgments as to 
which, and only to the extent, a reputable insurance company has 
acknowledged coverage of such claim in writing or which have been paid or 
stayed).

          Section 4.18 No Default. No Event of Default or, to the best of 
the Borrowers knowledge, Default exists under or with respect to any Loan 
Document and neither the Borrower, Guarantor nor any Qualified Borrower is 
in default in any material respect beyond any applicable grace period under 
or with respect to any other material agreement, instrument or undertaking 
to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound in 
any respect, the existence of which default is likely to result in a 
Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.19 Licenses, etc. The Borrower and each Qualified 
Borrower has obtained and does hold in full force and effect, all 
franchises, licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations, 
qualifications, accreditation, easements, rights of way and other consents 
and approvals which are necessary for the operation of its businesses as 
presently conducted, the absence of which is likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.20 Compliance With Law. To the Borrowers knowledge, 
the Borrower, each Qualified Borrower and each of its respective Real 
Property Assets are in compliance with all laws, rules, regulations, 
orders, judgments, writs and decrees, including, without limitation, all 
building and zoning ordinances and codes, the failure to comply with which 
is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.21 No Burdensome Restrictions. Except as may have been 
disclosed by the Borrower in writing to the Banks, neither Borrower nor any 
Qualified Borrower is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to 
any other obligation or any charter or corporate or partnership 
restriction, as the case may be, which, individually or in the aggregate, 
is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 4.22 Brokers Fees. The Borrower has not dealt with any 
broker or finder with respect to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement or otherwise in

64

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

connection with this Agreement, and the Borrower has not done any act, had 
any negotiations or conversation, or made any agreements or promises which 
will in any way create or give rise to any obligation or liability for the 
payment by the Borrower of any brokerage fee, charge, commission or other 
compensation to any party with respect to the transactions contemplated by 
the Loan Documents, other than the fees payable to the Administrative Agent 
and the Banks, and certain other Persons as previously disclosed in writing 
to the Administrative Agent.

          Section 4.23 Intentionally Omitted.

          Section 4.24 Insurance. The Borrower currently maintains 
insurance at 100% replacement cost insurance coverage (subject to customary 
deductibles) in respect of each of its Real Property Assets, as well as 
commercial general liability insurance (including, without limitation, 
builders risk where applicable) against claims for personal, and bodily 
injury and/or death, to one or more persons, or property damage, as well as 
workers compensation insurance, in each case with respect to liability and 
casualty insurance with insurers having an A.M. Best policyholders rating 
of not less than A-VII in amounts that prudent owners of assets such as 
Borrowers directly or indirectly owned Real Property Assets would 
maintain.

          Section 4.25 Organizational Documents. The documents delivered 
pursuant to Section 3.1(e) constitute, as of the Closing Date, all of the 
organizational documents (together with all amendments and modifications 
thereof) of the Borrower, each Qualified Borrower as of the Closing Date 
and General Partner. The Borrower represents that it has delivered to the 
Administrative Agent true, correct and complete copies of each such 
documents. General Partner is the general partner of the Borrower. General 
Partner holds (directly or indirectly) an approximately 94.5% common equity 
ownership interest in the Borrower as of the date hereof.

          Section 4.26 Unencumbered Properties. As of September 30, 2010, 
each Property listed on Schedule 1.1 as a Unencumbered Property (i) is a 
wholly-owned or ground leased (directly or beneficially) by Borrower, a 
Financing Partnership or a Joint Venture Subsidiary, (ii) is not subject 
(nor are any equity interests in such Property that are owned directly or 
indirectly by Borrower, General Partner or any Joint Venture Parent 
subject) to a Lien which secures Indebtedness of any Person, other than 
Permitted Liens, and (iii) is not subject (nor are any equity interests in 
such Property that are owned directly or indirectly by Borrower, General 
Partner or Joint Venture Parent subject) to any Negative Pledge. All of the 
information set forth on Schedule 1.1 is true and correct in all material 
respects.


ARTICLE V

AFFIRMATIVE AND NEGATIVE COVENANTS

          The Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Bank has 
any Commitment hereunder or any Obligations remain unpaid:

          Section 5.1 Information. The Borrower will deliver to each of the 
Banks:

               (a) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) 
Business Days after the same is filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (but in no event later than 95 days after the end of each Fiscal 
Year of the Borrower) a consolidated balance sheet of the

65

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Borrower, General Partner and their Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end 
of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of Borrowers 
and General Partners operations and consolidated statements of Borrowers 
and General Partners cash flow for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each 
case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year (if 
available), all reported in a manner acceptable to the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on Borrowers and General Partners Form 10K and 
reported on by PriceWaterhouseCoopers or other independent public 
accountants of nationally recognized standing;

               (b) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) 
Business Days after the same is filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (but in no event later than 50 days after the end of each of the 
first three quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower and General 
Partner), (i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower, General Partner 
and their Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the 
related consolidated statements of Borrowers and General Partners 
operations and consolidated statements of Borrowers and General Partners 
cash flow for such quarter and for the portion of the Borrowers or General 
Partners Fiscal Year ended at the end of such quarter, all reported in the 
form provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Borrowers and 
General Partners Form 10Q, and (ii) and such other information reasonably 
requested by the Administrative Agent or any Bank;

               (c) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of 
financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, a 
certificate of the chief financial officer of the Borrower (i) setting 
forth in reasonable detail (including, without limitation, reconciliation 
to GAAP) the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower was in 
compliance with the requirements of Section 5.8 on the date of such 
financial statements; (ii) certifying (x) that such financial statements 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and the 
results of operations of the Borrower on the dates and for the periods 
indicated, on the basis of GAAP, with respect to the Borrower subject, in 
the case of interim financial statements, to normally recurring year-end 
adjustments, and (y) that such officer has reviewed the terms of the Loan 
Documents and has made, or caused to be made under his or her supervision, 
a review in reasonable detail of the business and condition of the Borrower 
during the period beginning on the date through which the last such review 
was made pursuant to this Section 5.1(c) (or, in the case of the first 
certification pursuant to this Section 5.1(c), the Closing Date) and ending 
on a date not more than ten (10) Business Days prior to, but excluding, the 
date of such delivery and that (1) on the basis of such financial 
statements and such review of the Loan Documents, no Event of Default 
existed under Section 6.1(b) with respect to Sections 5.8 and 5.9 at or as 
of the date of said financial statements, and (2) on the basis of such 
review of the Loan Documents and the business and condition of the 
Borrower, to the best knowledge of such officer, as of the last day of the 
period covered by such certificate no Default or Event of Default under any 
other provision of Section 6.1 occurred and is continuing or, if any such 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the 
nature and extent thereof and, the action the Borrower proposes to take in 
respect thereof. Such certificate shall set forth the calculations required 
to establish the matters described in clauses (1) and (2) above;

               (d) (i) within five (5) Business Days after any officer of 
the Borrower obtains knowledge of any Default, if such Default is then 
continuing, a certificate of the chief financial officer, or other 
executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details thereof and the 
action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect 
thereto; and (ii)

66

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

promptly and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the Borrower 
obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (x) any litigation or governmental 
proceeding pending or threatened against the Borrower or its directly or 
indirectly Real Property Assets as to which there is a reasonable 
possibility of an adverse determination and which, if adversely determined, 
is likely to individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse 
Effect, and (y) any other event, act or condition which is likely to result 
in a Material Adverse Effect;

               (e) promptly upon the mailing thereof to the shareholders of 
General Partner generally, copies of all proxy statements so mailed;

               (f) promptly upon the filing thereof and to the extent that 
the same is not publicly available, copies of all reports on Forms 10-K and 
10-Q (or their equivalents) (other than the exhibits thereto, which 
exhibits will be provided upon request therefor by any Bank) which General 
Partner shall have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

               (g) promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days, if 
and when any member of the ERISA Group (i) gives or is required to give 
notice to the PBGC of any reportable event (as defined in Section 4043 of 
ERISA) with respect to any Plan which might constitute grounds for a 
termination of such Plan under Title IV of ERISA, or knows that the plan 
administrator of any Plan has given or is required to give notice of any 
such reportable event, a copy of the notice of such reportable event given 
or required to be given to the PBGC; (ii) receives notice of complete or 
partial withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA or notice that any 
Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization, is insolvent or has been 
terminated, a copy of such notice; (iii) receives notice from the PBGC 
under Title IV of ERISA of an intent to terminate, impose liability (other 
than for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or appoint a 
trustee to administer any Plan, a copy of such notice; (iv) applies for a 
waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code, a 
copy of such application; (v) gives notice of intent to terminate any Plan 
under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, a copy of such notice and other information 
filed with the PBGC; (vi) gives notice of withdrawal from any Plan pursuant 
to Section 4063 of ERISA, a copy of such notice; or (vii) fails to make any 
payment or contribution to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or in respect of 
any Benefit Arrangement or makes any amendment to any Plan or Benefit 
Arrangement which has resulted or could result in the imposition of a Lien 
or the posting of a bond or other security, and in the case of clauses (i) 
through (vii) above, which event could result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
a certificate of the chief financial officer or the chief accounting 
officer of the Borrower setting forth details as to such occurrence and 
action, if any, which the Borrower or applicable member of the ERISA Group 
is required or proposes to take;

               (h) promptly and in any event within ten (10) days after the 
Borrower obtains actual knowledge of any of the following events, a 
certificate of the Borrower, executed by an officer of the Borrower, 
specifying the nature of such condition, and the Borrowers or, if the 
Borrower has actual knowledge thereof, the Environmental Affiliates 
proposed initial response thereto: (i) the receipt by the Borrower, or any 
of the Environmental Affiliates of any communication (written or oral), 
whether from a governmental authority, citizens group, employee or 
otherwise, that alleges that the Borrower, or any of the Environmental 
Affiliates, is not in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, and 
such noncompliance is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the 
existence of any Environmental Claim pending against

67

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Borrower or any Environmental Affiliate and such Environmental Claim is 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) any release, emission, 
discharge or disposal of any Material of Environmental Concern that is 
likely to form the basis of any Environmental Claim against the Borrower or 
any Environmental Affiliate which in any such event is likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect;

               (i) promptly and in any event within five (5) Business Days 
after receipt of any notices or correspondence from any company or agent 
for any company providing insurance coverage to the Borrower relating to 
any loss which is likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, copies of 
such notices and correspondence;

               (j) simultaneously with the delivery of the information 
required by Sections 5.1(a) and (b), a statement of all Unencumbered 
Properties; and

               (k) from time to time such additional information regarding 
the financial position or business of the Borrower, General Partner and 
their Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent, at the request of any Bank, 
may reasonably request in writing, so long as disclosure of such 
information could not result in a violation of, or expose the Borrower, 
General Partner or their Subsidiaries to any material liability under, any 
applicable law, ordinance or regulation or any agreements with unaffiliated 
third parties that are binding on the Borrower, General Partner or any of 
their Subsidiaries or on any Property of any of them.

          Section 5.2 Payment of Obligations. The Borrower, each Qualified 
Borrower, General Partner and their Consolidated Subsidiaries will pay and 
discharge, at or before maturity, all their respective material obligations 
and liabilities including, without limitation, any obligation pursuant to 
any agreement by which it or any of its properties is bound, in each case 
where the failure to so pay or discharge such obligations or liabilities is 
likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and will maintain in 
accordance with GAAP, appropriate reserves for the accrual of any of the 
same.

          Section 5.3 Maintenance of Property; Insurance; Affiliate 
Transfers.

               (a) The Borrower will keep, and will cause each Consolidated 
Subsidiary to keep, all property useful and necessary in its business, 
including without limitation its Real Property Assets (for so long as it 
constitutes Real Property Assets), in good repair, working order and 
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, in each case where the failure 
to so maintain and repair will have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (b) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, 
insurance described in Section 4.24 hereof with insurers meeting the 
qualifications described therein, which insurance shall in any event not 
provide for less coverage than insurance customarily carried by owners of 
properties similar to, and in the same locations as, Borrowers Real 
Property Assets. The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent upon 
the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent from time to time (i) 
full information as to the insurance carried, (ii) within five (5) days of 
receipt of notice from any insurer a copy of any notice of cancellation or 
material change in coverage required by Section 4.24 from that existing on 
the date of this

68

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agreement and (iii) forthwith, notice of any cancellation or nonrenewal 
(without replacement) of coverage by the Borrower.

          Section 5.4 Maintenance of Existence. The Borrower, each 
Qualified Borrower and General Partner each will preserve, renew and keep 
in full force and effect, their respective partnership and corporate 
existence and their respective rights, privileges and franchises necessary 
for the normal conduct of business unless the failure to maintain such 
rights and franchises does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 5.5 Compliance with Laws. The Borrower, each Qualified 
Borrower and General Partner will, and will cause their Subsidiaries to, 
comply in all material respects with all applicable laws, ordinances, 
rules, regulations, and requirements of governmental authorities 
(including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, and all zoning and 
building codes with respect to its Real Property Assets and ERISA and the 
rules and regulations thereunder and all federal securities laws) except 
where the necessity of compliance therewith is contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings or where the failure to do so will not have a 
Material Adverse Effect or expose Administrative Agent or Banks to any 
material liability therefor.

          Section 5.6 Inspection of Property, Books and Records. The 
Borrower will keep proper books of record and account in which full, true 
and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in 
relation to its business and activities in conformity with GAAP, modified 
as required by this Agreement and applicable law; and will permit 
representatives of any Bank, at such Banks expense, or from and after an 
Event of Default, at Borrowers expense, to visit and inspect any of its 
properties, including without limitation its Real Property Assets, and so 
long as disclosure of such information could not result in a violation of, 
or expose the Borrower, any Qualified Borrower, General Partner or their 
Subsidiaries to any material liability under, any applicable law, ordinance 
or regulation or any agreements with unaffiliated third parties that are 
binding on the Borrower, any Qualified Borrower, General Partner or any of 
their Subsidiaries or on any Property of any of them, to examine and make 
abstracts from any of its books and records and to discuss its affairs, 
finances and accounts with its officers and independent public accountants, 
all at such reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable 
prior notice and as often as may reasonably be desired. Administrative 
Agent shall coordinate any such visit or inspection to arrange for review 
by any Bank requesting any such visit or inspection.

          Section 5.7 Existence. The Borrower shall do or cause to be done, 
all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its, 
each Qualified Borrowers, General Partners and their Consolidated 
Subsidiaries existence and its patents, trademarks, servicemarks, 
tradenames, copyrights, franchises, licenses, permits, certificates, 
authorizations, qualifications, accreditation, easements, rights of way and 
other rights, consents and approvals the nonexistence of which is likely to 
have a Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 5.8 Financial Covenants.

               (a) Total Liabilities to Total Asset Value. Borrower shall 
not permit the ratio of Total Liabilities to Total Asset Value of Borrower 
to exceed 0.60:1 at any time; provided,

69

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

however, that in connection with a Material Acquisition, for the four (4) 
consecutive quarters following such Material Acquisition, Total Liabilities 
may exceed sixty percent (60%) of Total Asset Value, but in no event exceed 
sixty-five percent (65%) of Total Asset Value. For purposes of this 
covenant, (i) Total Liabilities shall be adjusted by deducting therefrom an 
amount equal to the lesser of (x) Total Liabilities that by its terms are 
scheduled to mature on or before the date that is 24 months from the date 
of calculation, and (y) Unrestricted Cash or Cash Equivalents, and (ii) 
Total Asset Value shall be adjusted by deducting therefrom the amount by 
which Total Liabilities is adjusted under clause (i).

               (b) Adjusted EBITDA to Fixed Charges Ratio. Borrower shall 
not permit the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Fixed Charges, for the then most 
recently completed four (4) consecutive Fiscal Quarters, to be less than 
1.50:1.

               (c) Secured Debt to Total Asset Value. Borrower shall not 
permit the ratio of Secured Debt to Total Asset Value of Borrower to exceed 
0.35:1 at any time; provided, however, that, in connection with a Material 
Acquisition, for the four (4) consecutive quarters following such Material 
Acquisition, the ratio of Secured Debt to Total Asset Value may exceed 
0.35:1, but in no event exceed 0.40:1. For purposes of this covenant, (i) 
Secured Debt shall be adjusted by deducting therefrom an amount equal to 
the lesser of (x) Secured Debt that by its terms is scheduled to mature on 
or before the date that is 24 months from the date of calculation, and (y) 
Unrestricted Cash or Cash Equivalents, and (ii) Total Asset Value shall be 
adjusted by deducting therefrom the amount by which Secured Debt is 
adjusted under clause (i)..

               (d) Intentionally Omitted.

               (e) Unencumbered Net Operating Cash Flow to Unsecured 
Interest Expense. Borrower shall not permit the ratio of Unencumbered Net 
Operating Cash Flow to Unsecured Interest Expense to be less than 1.75:1.

               (f) Minimum Tangible Net Worth. The Consolidated Tangible 
Net Worth of the Borrower determined in conformity with GAAP will at no 
time be less than the sum of Three Billion Four Hundred Forty Million 
Dollars ($3,440,000,000) and seventy percent (70%) of the Net Offering 
Proceeds (other than proceeds received within ninety (90) days after the 
redemption, retirement or repurchase of ownership or equity interests in 
Borrower or Guarantor, up to the amount paid by Borrower or Guarantor in 
connection with such redemption, retirement or repurchase, where, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the net effect is that neither Borrower nor Guarantor 
shall have increased its Net Worth as a result of any such proceeds) 
received by the Borrower or General Partner subsequent to the Closing Date.

               (g) Dividends. During the continuance of a monetary Event of 
Default, Borrower shall only pay partnership distributions necessary to 
enable General Partner to make those dividends necessary to maintain 
General Partners status as a real estate investment trust.

               (h) Permitted Holdings. Borrowers primary business will not 
be substantially different from that conducted by Borrower on the Closing 
Date and shall include the ownership, operation and development of Real 
Property Assets and any other business activities of Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries will remain incidental thereto. Notwithstanding the

70

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

foregoing, Borrower and its Subsidiaries may acquire or maintain Permitted 
Holdings if and so long as the aggregate value of Permitted Holdings, 
whether held directly or indirectly by Borrower does not exceed, at any 
time, twenty-five percent (25%) of Total Asset Value of Borrower unless a 
greater percentage is approved by the Majority Banks (which approval shall 
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). For purposes of 
calculating the foregoing percentage, the value of Unimproved Assets shall 
be calculated based upon the book value thereof, determined in accordance 
with GAAP.

               (i) No Liens. Borrower and General Partner shall not, and 
shall not allow any of their Subsidiaries, Financing Partnerships or Joint 
Venture Subsidiaries to, (i) allow any Unencumbered Property (or any equity 
interests in such Property that are owned directly or indirectly by 
Borrower, General Partner or any Joint Venture Parent), that is necessary 
to comply with the provisions of Section 5.8(e) hereof or any other 
financial covenant, to become subject to a Lien that secures the 
Indebtedness of any Person, other than Permitted Liens, or (ii) in the case 
of any Subsidiary, Financing Partnership or Joint Venture Subsidiary that 
owns an Unencumbered Property that is necessary to comply with the 
provisions of Section 5.8(e) hereof or any other financial covenant, to 
incur Indebtedness (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary 
course of business).

               (j) Unsecured Debt Yield. As of the last day of each fiscal 
quarter for the immediately preceding consecutive four quarters, the ratio 
(expressed as a percentage) (the Unsecured Debt Yield) of (i) 
Unencumbered Net Operating Cash Flow to (ii) Unsecured Debt (less the sum 
of (x) the value of any Unrestricted Cash or Cash Equivalent owned by 
Borrower, not to exceed $250,000,000 in the aggregate, and (y) $35,000,000) 
shall not be less than, (i) with respect to the period commencing on the 
Effective Date and ending on the day immediately prior to the 18 month 
anniversary of the Effective Date, 11%; provided, however, that, in 
connection with a Material Acquisition, for the four (4) consecutive 
quarters following such acquisition, the Unsecured Debt Yield may be less 
than 11%, but in no event less than 10%, and (ii) with respect to the 
period commencing on the 18 month anniversary of the Effective Date, 11.5%; 
provided, however, that, in connection with a Material Acquisition, for the 
four (4) consecutive quarters following such Material Acquisition, the 
Unsecured Debt Yield may be less than 11.5%, but in no event less than 
10.5%. For purposes of determining the Unsecured Debt Yield only, 
Unencumbered Net Operating Income shall be adjusted to include as to any 
Unencumbered Property with respect to which a tenant received any free rent 
during such period, the amount of such free rent as if the same had been 
paid in cash by such tenant.

               (k) Calculation. Each of the foregoing ratios and financial 
requirements shall be calculated as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter.

          Section 5.9 Restriction on Fundamental Changes. (a) Neither the 
Borrower nor General Partner shall enter into any merger or consolidation 
without obtaining the prior written consent thereto in writing of the 
Majority Banks, unless the following criteria are met: (i) either (x) the 
Borrower or General Partner is the surviving entity, or (y) the individuals 
constituting the General Partners board of directors or board of trustees 
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation represent a majority of 
the surviving entitys board of directors or board of trustees after such 
merger or consolidation; and (ii) the entity which is merged into Borrower 
or General Partner is predominantly in the commercial real estate business. 
Nothing in

71

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

this Section shall be deemed to prohibit the sale or leasing of portions of 
the Real Property Assets in the ordinary course of business.

               (b) The Borrower shall not amend its agreement of limited 
partnership or other organizational documents in any manner that would have 
a Material Adverse Effect without the Majority Banks consent. Without 
limitation of the foregoing, no Person shall be admitted as a general 
partner of the Borrower other than General Partner. General Partner shall 
not amend its articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational 
documents in any manner that would have a Material Adverse Effect without 
the Majority Banks consent. No Qualified Borrower shall amend its 
organizational documents in any manner that would have a Material Adverse 
Effect without the Majority Banks consent. The Borrower shall not make any 
in-kind transfer of any of its property or assets to any of its 
constituent partners if such transfer would result in an Event of Default 
under Section 6.1(b) by reason of a breach of the provisions of Section 
5.8.

          Section 5.10 Changes in Business. (a) Except for Permitted 
Holdings and Foreign Property Interests, neither the Borrower, any 
Qualified Borrower nor General Partner shall enter into any business which 
is substantially different from that conducted by the Borrower or General 
Partner on the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions 
contemplated by the Loan Documents. The Borrower shall carry on its 
business operations through the Borrower, its Consolidated Subsidiaries and 
its Investment Affiliates.

               (b) Except for Permitted Holdings and Foreign Property 
Interests, Borrower shall not engage in any line of business which is 
substantially different from the business conducted by the Borrower on the 
Closing Date, which includes the ownership, operation and development of 
Real Property Assets and the provision of services incidental thereto, 
whether directly or through its Consolidated Subsidiaries and Investment 
Affiliates.

          Section 5.11 General Partner Status.

               (a) Status. General Partner shall at all times (i) remain a 
publicly traded company listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange, 
and (ii) maintain its status as a self-directed and self-administered real 
estate investment trust under the Code.

               (b) Indebtedness. General Partner shall not, directly or 
indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain directly or 
indirectly liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except:

                    (1) the Obligations; and

                    (2) Indebtedness of Borrower for which there is 
recourse to General Partner which, after giving effect thereto, may be 
incurred or may remain outstanding without giving rise to an Event of 
Default or Default under any provision of this Article V.

               (c) Restriction on Fundamental Changes.

72

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                    (1) General Partner shall not have an investment in any 
Person other than (i) Borrower or indirectly through Borrower, (ii) 
directly or indirectly in Financing Partnerships, and (iii) the interests 
identified on Schedule 5.11(c)(1) as being owned by General Partner.

                    (2) General Partner shall not acquire an interest in 
any Property other than securities issued by Borrower and Financing 
Partnerships and the interests identified on Schedule 5.11(c)(2) attached 
hereto.

               (d) Environmental Liabilities. Neither General Partner nor 
any of its Subsidiaries shall become subject to any Environmental Claim 
which has a Material Adverse Effect, including, without limitation, any 
arising out of or related to (i) the release or threatened release of any 
Material of Environmental Concern into the environment, or any remedial 
action in response thereto, or (ii) any violation of any Environmental 
Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, General Partner shall have 
the right to contest in good faith any claim of violation of an 
Environmental Law by appropriate legal proceedings and shall be entitled to 
postpone compliance with the obligation being contested as long as (i) no 
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) General 
Partner shall have given Administrative Agent prior written notice of the 
commencement of such contest, (iii) noncompliance with such Environmental 
Law shall not subject General Partner or such Subsidiary to any criminal 
penalty or subject Administrative Agent or any Bank to pay any civil 
penalty or to prosecution for a crime, and (iv) no portion of any Property 
material to Borrower or its condition or prospects shall be in substantial 
danger of being sold, forfeited or lost, by reason of such contest or the 
continued existence of the matter being contested.

               (e) Disposal of Partnership Interests. General Partner will 
not directly or indirectly convey, sell, transfer, assign, pledge or 
otherwise encumber or dispose of any of its partnership interests in 
Borrower or any of its equity interest in any of the partners of the 
Borrower as of the date hereof (except in connection with the dissolution 
or liquidation of such partners of the Borrower or the redemption of 
interests in connection with stock repurchase programs), except for the 
reduction of General Partners interest in the Borrower arising from 
Borrowers issuance of partnership interests in the Borrower or the 
retirement of preferred units by Borrower. General Partner will continue to 
be the managing general partner of Borrower.

          Section 5.12 Other Indebtedness. Borrower and General Partner 
shall not allow any of their Subsidiaries, Financing Partnerships or Joint 
Venture Subsidiaries that own, directly or indirectly, any Unencumbered 
Property to directly or indirectly create, incur, assume or otherwise 
become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness other than trade 
debt incurred in the ordinary course of business and Indebtedness owing to 
Borrower or any Financing Partnership, if the resulting failure of such 
Property to qualify as a Unencumbered Property would result in an Event of 
Default under Section 5.8.

          Section 5.13 Forward Equity Contracts. If Borrower shall enter 
into any forward equity contracts, Borrower may only settle the same by 
delivery of stock, it being agreed that if Borrower shall settle the same 
with cash, the same shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder unless 
Borrower shall have received the unanimous consent of the Banks to settle 
such forward equity contracts with cash.

73

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Section 5.14 Capital Funding Loans. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any Property located 
outside the United States (each a Non-US Property) is owned by a 
Financing Partnership (a 100% AMB Non-US Property Owner), by a Joint 
Venture Subsidiary (a JV Non-US Property Owner) or by a wholly-owned 
direct or indirect subsidiary of a Joint Venture Subsidiary (a Tiered 
Non-US Property Owner; such Joint Venture Subsidiary is hereinafter 
referred to as the First Tier JV; each entity through which the First 
Tier JV indirectly owns a Tiered Non-US Property Owner is hereinafter 
referred to as an Intermediate Tier Entity; and the Tiered Non-US 
Property Owners, the 100% AMB Non-US Property Owners and the JV Non-US 
Property Owners are sometimes hereinafter referred to individually as a 
Non-US Property Owner and collectively as the Non-US Property Owners) 
and the Non-US Property Owner or, in the case of any Tiered Non-US Property 
Owner, the related First Tier JV or a related Intermediate Tier Entity has 
incurred Indebtedness (whether or not such Indebtedness is secured by a 
Lien against such Non-US Property and/or any direct or indirect equity 
interests in the Non-US Property Owner) (each a Capital Funding Loan) 
held by

  	(x) 	  	in the case of a 100% AMB Non-US Property Owner, Borrower or any 
other Financing Partnership, and
 
  	(y) 	  	in the case of a JV Non-US Property Owner or a Tiered Non-US 
Property Owner, either (AA) an entity (hereinafter an International FinCo
) in which Borrowers Share is the same or greater than Borrowers Share 
in such Non-US Property Owner, or (BB) a Financing Partnership (or Borrower 
directly) and entities which are not Financing Partnerships (including 
Persons who are not Affiliates of Borrower or whose constituent entities 
include Persons who are not Affiliates of Borrower) (Joint Lenders), 
provided that Borrowers direct or indirect share of such Indebtedness is 
the same or greater than Borrowers Share of such Non-US Property Owner,

then no such Capital Funding Loan or related Second Tier Funding Loan (as 
defined below) shall be deemed to constitute Indebtedness for any purposes 
under this Agreement, any Lien securing such Capital Funding Loan shall be 
a Permitted Lien and no Non-US Property to which such Capital Funding Loan 
or Second Tier Funding Loan relates shall fail to be a Unencumbered 
Property solely because the capital provided to the applicable Non-US 
Property Owner or related First Tier JV or Intermediate Tier Entity was in 
the form of a Capital Funding Loan rather than a contribution to the equity 
of such Non-US Property Owner, First Tier JV or Intermediate Tier Entity, 
so long as

  	(a) 	  	in the case of a Capital Funding Loan made by an International 
FinCo, the sale of such Capital Funding Loan, or the sale or refinancing of 
any interest in the Non-US Property or any direct or indirect equity 
interests in the Non-US Property Owner acquired as a result of the exercise 
of any remedies in connection with the enforcement of such Capital Funding 
Loan, is Substantially Controlled by Borrower (as defined below),
 
  	(b) 	  	in the case of a Capital Funding Loan made by Joint Lenders, any 
remedies in connection with enforcement of such Capital Funding Loan may 
only be exercised by such Joint Lenders concurrently and, in the event of 
any such

74

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	exercise and the Joint Lenders acquire such Non-US Property or any 
direct or indirect equity interests in such Non-US Property Owner, the sale 
or refinancing of such Non-US Property and, if the direct or indirect 
equity interests in such Non-US Property Owner are held jointly, such 
equity interests will be Substantially Controlled by Borrower, and
 
  	(c) 	  	no interest in any Capital Funding Loan or Second Tier Funding 
Loan held directly or indirectly by Borrower is subject to any Lien (other 
than a Permitted Lien) or any Negative Pledge.

For purposes of the foregoing, an action will be Substantially Controlled 
by Borrower if such action is substantially controlled directly by 
Borrower or through one or more Financing Partnerships either by agreement 
of the parties, through the provisions of a Persons formation documents or 
otherwise. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an action shall be 
deemed to be substantially controlled directly by Borrower or through one 
or more Financing Partnerships if Borrower or such Financing Partnerships 
have the ability to exercise a usual and customary buy-sell right in the 
event of a disagreement regarding such action. As used herein the term 
Second Tier Funding Loan means any loans made to an International FinCo by 
Borrower, any Financing Partnerships of Borrower and/or any other Person 
with an equity interest in such International FinCo (or affiliates of such 
other Person) so long as (x) Borrowers direct or indirect share of the 
combined loans of Borrower, any Financing Partnership and/or such other 
Persons (or affiliates thereof) to the International FinCo is the same or 
greater than Borrowers Share of the applicable Non-US Property Owner, and 
(y) all such loans are pari passu and any remedies that may be exercised in 
connection with enforcement of such loans may only be exercised 
concurrently or not at all.


ARTICLE VI

DEFAULTS

          Section 6.1 Events of Default. An Event of Default shall have 
occurred if one or more of the following events shall have occurred and be 
continuing:

               (a) the Borrower shall fail to (i) pay when due any 
principal of any Loan, or (ii) the Borrower shall fail to pay when due 
interest on any Loan or any fees or any other amount payable to 
Administrative Agent or the Banks hereunder and the same shall continue for 
a period of five (5) days after the same becomes due;

               (b) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any 
covenant contained in Section 5.8, Section 5.9(a) or (b), Section 5.10, 
Section 5.11(a), (b) or (c), Section 5.12 or Section 5.13;

               (c) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any 
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those covered 
by clause (a), (b), (e), (f), (g), (h), (j), (n) or (o) of this Section 
6.1) for 30 days after written notice thereof has been given to the 
Borrower by the Administrative Agent; or if such default is of such a 
nature that it cannot with reasonable effort be completely remedied within 
said period of thirty (30) days such

75

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

additional period of time as may be reasonably necessary to cure same, 
provided Borrower commences such cure within said thirty (30) day period 
and diligently prosecutes same, until completion, but in no event shall 
such extended period exceed ninety (90) days;

               (d) any representation, warranty, certification or statement 
made by the Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate, financial 
statement or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall 
prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed 
made) and, with respect to such representations, warranties, certifications 
or statements not known by the Borrower at the time made or deemed made to 
be incorrect, the defect causing such representation or warranty to be 
incorrect when made (or deemed made) is not removed within thirty (30) days 
after written notice thereof from Administrative Agent to Borrower;

               (e) the Borrower, any Qualified Borrower, the General 
Partner, any Subsidiary or any Investment Affiliate shall default in the 
payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, 
acceleration, demand or otherwise) of any amount owing in respect of any 
Recourse Debt (other than the Obligations) for which the aggregate 
outstanding principal amounts exceed Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000) 
and such default shall continue beyond the giving of any required notice 
and the expiration of any applicable grace period and such default has not 
been waived, in writing, by the holder of any such Debt; or the Borrower, 
any Qualified Borrower, the General Partner, any Subsidiary or any 
Investment Affiliate shall default in the performance or observance of any 
obligation or condition with respect to any such Recourse Debt or any other 
event shall occur or condition exist beyond the giving of any required 
notice and the expiration of any applicable grace period, if the effect of 
such default, event or condition is to accelerate the maturity of any such 
indebtedness or to permit (without any further requirement of notice or 
lapse of time) the holder or holders thereof, or any trustee or agent for 
such holders, to accelerate the maturity of any such indebtedness;

               (f) the Borrower or the General Partner shall commence a 
voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or 
other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the 
appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidate, custodian or other similar 
official of it or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to 
any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such 
official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, 
or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall 
fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall take any 
action to authorize any of the foregoing;

               (g) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be 
commenced against the Borrower or the General Partner seeking liquidation, 
reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or 
seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or 
other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and 
such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and 
unstayed for a period of 90 days; or an order for relief shall be entered 
against the Borrower or the General Partner under the federal bankruptcy 
laws as now or hereafter in effect;

               (h) intentionally omitted;

76

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (i) one or more final, non-appealable judgments or decrees 
in an aggregate amount of Thirty-Five Million Dollars ($35,000,000) or more 
shall be entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction against the 
General Partner, the Borrower or, to the extent of any recourse to the 
General Partner or the Borrower, any Qualified Borrower or any General 
Partners or Borrowers Consolidated Subsidiaries (other than any judgment 
as to which, and only to the extent, a reputable insurance company has 
acknowledged coverage of such claim in writing) and (i) any such judgments 
or decrees shall not be stayed, discharged, paid, bonded or vacated within 
thirty (30) days or (ii) enforcement proceedings shall be commenced by any 
creditor on any such judgments or decrees;

               (j) there shall be a change in the majority of the Board of 
Directors of the General Partner during any twelve (12) month period, 
excluding any change in directors resulting from (x) the death or 
disability of any director, or (y) satisfaction of any requirement for the 
majority of the members of the board of directors or trustees of the 
General Partner to qualify under applicable law as independent directors or 
(z) the replacement of any director who is an officer or employee of the 
General Partner or an affiliate of the General Partner with any other 
officer or employee of the General Partner or an affiliate of the General 
Partner;

               (k) any Person (including affiliates of such Person) or 
group (as such term is defined in applicable federal securities laws and 
regulations) shall acquire more than thirty percent (30%) of the common 
shares of the General Partner;

               (l) the General Partner shall cease at any time to qualify 
as a real estate investment trust under the Code;

               (m) if any Termination Event with respect to a Plan, 
Multiemployer Plan or Benefit Arrangement shall occur as a result of which 
Termination Event or Events any member of the ERISA Group has incurred or 
may incur any liability to the PBGC or any other Person and the sum 
(determined as of the date of occurrence of such Termination Event) of the 
insufficiency of such Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Benefit Arrangement and 
the insufficiency of any and all other Plans, Multiemployer Plans and 
Benefit Arrangements with respect to which such a Termination Event shall 
occur and be continuing (or, in the case of a Multiple Employer Plan with 
respect to which a Termination Event described in clause (ii) of the 
definition of Termination Event shall occur and be continuing and in the 
case of a liability with respect to a Termination Event which is or could 
be a liability of the Borrower or the General Partner rather than a 
liability of the Plan, the liability of the Borrower or the General 
Partner) is equal to or greater than $20,000,000 and which the 
Administrative Agent reasonably determines will have a Material Adverse 
Effect;

               (n) if, any member of the ERISA Group shall commit a failure 
described in Section 302(f)(1) of ERISA or Section 412(n)(1) of the Code 
and the amount of the lien determined under Section 302(f)(3) of ERISA or 
Section 412(n)(3) of the Code that could reasonably be expected to be 
imposed on any member of the ERISA Group or their assets in respect of such 
failure shall be equal to or greater than $20,000,000 and which the 
Administrative Agent reasonably determines will have a Material Adverse 
Effect;

77

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (o) at any time, for any reason the Borrower or any 
Qualified Borrower seeks to repudiate its obligations under any Loan 
Document or the General Partner seeks to repudiate its obligations under 
the Guaranty.

               (p) a default beyond any applicable notice or grace period 
under any of the other Loan Documents;

               (q) any assets of Borrower or any Qualified Borrower shall 
constitute assets (within the meaning of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code, including but not limited to 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101 or any successor 
regulation thereto) of an employee benefit plan within the meaning of 
Section 3(3) of ERISA or a plan within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) 
of the Code; or

               (r) the Note, the Loan, the Obligations, the Guaranty or any 
of the Loan Documents or the exercise of any of the Administrative Agents 
or any of the Banks rights in connection therewith shall constitute a 
prohibited transaction under ERISA and/or the Code.

          Section 6.2 Rights and Remedies. (a) Upon the occurrence of any 
Event of Default described in Sections 6.1(f), (g), (o) or (q), the 
Commitments and the Swingline Commitment shall immediately terminate and 
the unpaid principal amount of, and any and all accrued interest on, the 
Loans and any and all accrued fees and other Obligations hereunder shall 
automatically become immediately due and payable, with all additional 
interest from time to time accrued thereon and without presentation, 
demand, or protest or other requirements of any kind (including, without 
limitation, valuation and appraisement, diligence, presentment, notice of 
intent to demand or accelerate and notice of acceleration), all of which 
are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower for itself and on behalf of any 
Qualified Borrower; and upon the occurrence and during the continuance of 
any other Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, following 
consultation with the Banks, may (and upon the demand of the Majority Banks 
shall), by written notice to the Borrower, in addition to the exercise of 
all of the rights and remedies permitted the Administrative Agent and the 
Banks at law or equity or under any of the other Loan Documents, declare 
that the Commitments are terminated and declare the unpaid principal amount 
of and any and all accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and any and all 
accrued fees and other Obligations hereunder to be, and the same shall 
thereupon be, immediately due and payable with all additional interest from 
time to time accrued thereon and (except as otherwise provided in the Loan 
Documents) without presentation, demand, or protest or other requirements 
of any kind (including, without limitation, valuation and appraisement, 
diligence, presentment, notice of intent to demand or accelerate and notice 
of acceleration), all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower 
for itself and on behalf of any Qualified Borrower.

               (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent and 
the Banks each agree that any exercise or enforcement of the rights and 
remedies granted to the Administrative Agent or the Banks under this 
Agreement or at law or in equity with respect to this Agreement or any 
other Loan Documents shall be commenced and maintained by the 
Administrative Agent on behalf of the Administrative Agent and/or the 
Banks. The Administrative Agent shall act at the direction of the Majority 
Banks in connection with the exercise of any and all remedies at law, in 
equity or under any of the Loan Documents or, if the Majority Banks are 
unable to reach

78

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

agreement, then, from and after an Event of Default, the Administrative 
Agent may pursue such rights and remedies as it may determine.

          Section 6.3 Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall 
give notice to the Borrower under Section 6.1(c) and 6.1(d) promptly upon 
being requested to do so by the Majority Banks and shall thereupon notify 
all the Banks thereof. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have 
knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 
(other than nonpayment of principal of or interest on the Loans) unless 
Administrative Agent has received notice in writing from a Bank or Borrower 
referring to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, describing such 
event or condition. Should Administrative Agent receive notice of the 
occurrence of an Default or Event of Default expressly stating that such 
notice is a notice of an Default or Event of Default, or should 
Administrative Agent send Borrower a notice of Default or Event of Default, 
Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to each Bank.

          Section 6.4 Actions in Respect of Letters of Credit. (a) If, at 
any time and from time to time, any Letter of Credit shall have been issued 
hereunder and an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, 
then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation thereof, the 
Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Banks, may, and upon the 
demand of the Majority Banks shall, whether in addition to the taking by 
the Administrative Agent of any of the actions described in this Article or 
otherwise, make a demand upon the Borrower to, and forthwith upon such 
demand (but in any event within ten (10) days after such demand) the 
Borrower shall, pay to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Banks, in 
same day funds at the Administrative Agents office designated in such 
demand, for deposit in a special cash collateral account (the Letter of 
Credit Collateral Account) to be maintained in the name of the 
Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Banks) and under its sole dominion 
and control at such place as shall be designated by the Administrative 
Agent, an amount equal to the amount of the Letter of Credit Usage under 
the Letters of Credit. Interest shall accrue on the Letter of Credit 
Collateral Account at a rate equal to the rate on overnight funds.

               (b) The Borrower hereby pledges, assigns and grants to the 
Administrative Agent, as administrative agent for its benefit and the 
ratable benefit of the Banks a lien on and a security interest in, the 
following collateral (the Letter of Credit Collateral):

(i) the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, all cash deposited therein and 
all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or 
evidencing the Letter of Credit Collateral Account;

(ii) all notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from time to 
time hereafter delivered to or otherwise possessed by the Administrative 
Agent for or on behalf of the Borrower in substitution for or in respect of 
any or all of the then existing Letter of Credit Collateral;

(iii) all interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from 
time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or 
in exchange for any or all of the then existing Letter of Credit 
Collateral; provided that, if no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, any interest, dividends or other

79

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

earnings received with respect to the Letter of Credit Collateral shall be 
distributed to Borrower on a monthly basis; and

(iv) to the extent not covered by the above clauses, all proceeds of any or 
all of the foregoing Letter of Credit Collateral.

The lien and security interest granted hereby secures the payment of all 
obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing hereunder and under 
any other Loan Document.

               (c) The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent 
for the ratable benefit of the Banks to apply, from time to time after 
funds are deposited in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, funds then 
held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account to the payment of any 
amounts, in such order as the Administrative Agent may elect, as shall have 
become due and payable by the Borrower to the Banks in respect of the 
Letters of Credit.

               (d) Neither the Borrower nor any Person claiming or acting 
on behalf of or through the Borrower shall have any right to withdraw any 
of the funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, except as 
provided in Sections 6.4(b) and (h) hereof.

               (e) The Borrower agrees that it will not (i) sell or 
otherwise dispose of any interest in the Letter of Credit Collateral or 
(ii) create or permit to exist any lien, security interest or other charge 
or encumbrance upon or with respect to any of the Letter of Credit 
Collateral, except for the security interest created by this Section 6.4.

               (f) If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing:

 (i) The Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, without notice 
to the Borrower except as required by law and at any time from time to 
time, charge, set off or otherwise apply all or any part of first, (x) 
amounts previously drawn on any Letter of Credit that have not been 
reimbursed by the Borrower and (y) any Letter of Credit Usage described in 
clause (ii) of the definition thereof that are then due and payable and 
second, any other unpaid Obligations then due and payable against the 
Letter of Credit Collateral Account or any part thereof, in such order as 
the Administrative Agent shall elect. The rights of the Administrative 
Agent under this Section 6.4 are in addition to any rights and remedies 
which any Bank may have.

 (ii) The Administrative Agent may also exercise, in its sole discretion, 
in respect of the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, in addition to the 
other rights and remedies provided herein or otherwise available to it, all 
the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the Uniform 
Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York at that time.

               (g) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have 
exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Letter of 
Credit Collateral if the Letter of Credit Collateral is accorded treatment 
substantially equal to that which the Administrative Agent accords its own 
property, it being understood that, assuming such treatment, the 
Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility or liability with 
respect thereto.

80

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (h) At such time as all Events of Default have been cured or 
waived in writing, all amounts remaining in the Letter of Credit Collateral 
Account shall be promptly returned to the Borrower, and, in the case of 
Letters of Credit maturing after the Maturity Date, upon the return of any 
such Letter of Credit, any amount attributable to such Letter of Credit 
shall be promptly returned to the Borrower. Absent such cure or written 
waiver, any surplus of the funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral 
Account and remaining after payment in full of all of the Obligations of 
the Borrower hereunder and under any other Loan Document after the Maturity 
Date shall be paid to the Borrower or to whomsoever may be lawfully 
entitled to receive such surplus.

          Section 6.5 Distribution of Proceeds after Default. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary but subject to 
the provisions of Section 9.16 hereof, from and after an Event of Default, 
to the extent proceeds are received by Administrative Agent, such proceeds 
will be distributed to the Banks pro rata in accordance with the unpaid 
principal amount of the Loans (giving effect to any participations granted 
therein pursuant to Section 2.3 and Section 9.4).


ARTICLE VII

THE AGENTS

          Section 7.1 Appointment and Authorization. Each Bank irrevocably 
appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as 
agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by 
the terms hereof or thereof, together with all such powers as are 
reasonably incidental thereto. Except as set forth in Sections 7.8 and 7.9 
hereof, the provisions of this Article VII are solely for the benefit of 
Administrative Agent and the Banks, and Borrower shall not have any rights 
to rely on or enforce any of the provisions hereof. In performing its 
functions and duties under this Agreement, Administrative Agent shall each 
act solely as an agent of the Banks and do not assume and shall not be 
deemed to have assumed any obligation toward or relationship of agency or 
trust with or for the Borrower.

          Section 7.2 Agency and Affiliates. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and 
Bank of America, N.A. each has the same rights and powers under this 
Agreement as any other Bank and may exercise or refrain from exercising the 
same as though it were not the Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent, 
as applicable, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. and 
each of their affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and 
generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower, General Partner 
or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Borrower as if they were not the 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent, as applicable, hereunder, and 
the term Bank and Banks shall include each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
and Bank of America, N.A., each in its individual capacity.

          Section 7.3 Action by Agents. The obligations of each of the 
Agents hereunder are only those expressly set forth herein. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Agents shall not be 
required to take any action with respect to any Default or Event of 
Default, except as expressly provided in Article VI. The duties of each 
Agent shall

81

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

be administrative in nature. Subject to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.5 
and 7.6, each Agent shall administer the Loans in the same manner as each 
administers its own loans.

          Section 7.4 Consultation with Experts. As between Administrative 
Agent on the one hand and the Banks on the other hand, the Administrative 
Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), 
independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall 
not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good 
faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or 
experts.

          Section 7.5 Liability of Agents. As between each Agent on the one 
hand and the Banks on the other hand, none of the Agents nor any of their 
affiliates nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or 
employees shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in 
connection herewith (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority 
Banks or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful 
misconduct. As between each Agent on the one hand and the Banks on the 
other hand, none of the Agents nor any of their respective directors, 
officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to 
ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any statement, warranty or 
representation made in connection with this Agreement or any borrowing 
hereunder; (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or 
agreements of the Borrower; (iii) the satisfaction of any condition 
specified in Article III, except receipt of items required to be delivered 
to such Agent, or (iv) the validity, effectiveness or genuineness of this 
Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or writing 
furnished in connection herewith. As between each Agent on the one hand and 
the Banks on the other hand, none of the Agents shall incur any liability 
by acting in reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate, statement, or 
other writing (which may be a bank wire, telex or similar writing) believed 
by it to be genuine or to be signed by the proper party or parties.

          Section 7.6 Indemnification. Each Bank shall, ratably in 
accordance with its Commitment, indemnify the Agents and their affiliates 
and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees (to the 
extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) against any cost, expense 
(including, without limitation, counsel fees and disbursements), claim, 
demand, action, loss or liability (except such as result from such 
indemnitees gross negligence or willful misconduct) that such indemnitee 
may suffer or incur in connection with its duties as Agent under this 
Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such 
indemnitee hereunder. In the event that any Agent shall, subsequent to its 
receipt of indemnification payment(s) from Banks in accordance with this 
section, recoup any amount from the Borrower, or any other party liable 
therefor in connection with such indemnification, such Agent shall 
reimburse the Banks which previously made the payment(s) pro rata, based 
upon the actual amounts which were theretofore paid by each Bank. Each 
Agent shall reimburse such Banks so entitled to reimbursement within two 
(2) Business Days of its receipt of such funds from the Borrower or such 
other party liable therefor.

          Section 7.7 Credit Decision. Each Bank acknowledges that it has, 
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the 
Syndication Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and 
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and 
decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it 
will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, 
Syndication Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and 
information as it shall deem

82

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in 
taking or not taking any action under this Agreement.

          Section 7.8 Successor Agents. The Administrative Agent or the 
Syndication Agent may resign at any time by giving notice thereof to the 
Banks, the Borrower and each other and the Administrative Agent or the 
Syndication Agent, as applicable, shall resign in the event its Commitment 
(without participants) is reduced to less than Ten Million Dollars 
($10,000,000) unless as a result of a cancellation or reduction in the 
aggregate Commitments. Upon any such resignation, the Majority Banks shall 
have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Syndication 
Agent, as applicable, which successor Administrative Agent or successor 
Syndication Agent (as applicable) shall, provided no Event of Default has 
occurred and is then continuing, be subject to Borrowers approval, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If no successor 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent (as applicable) shall have been 
so appointed by the Majority Banks and approved by the Borrower, and shall 
have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent (as applicable) gives notice of 
resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent or retiring Syndication 
Agent (as applicable) may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent (as applicable), which shall be 
the Administrative Agent, Documentation Agent or the Syndication Agent as 
the case may be, who shall act until the Majority Banks shall appoint an 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent. Any appointment of a successor 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent by Majority Banks or the retiring 
Administrative Agent or the Syndication Agent pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall, provided no Event of Default has occurred and is then 
continuing, be subject to the Borrowers approval, which approval shall not 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Upon the acceptance of its appointment 
as the Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent hereunder by a successor 
Administrative Agent or successor Syndication Agent, as applicable, such 
successor Administrative Agent or successor Syndication Agent, as 
applicable, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the 
rights and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or retiring 
Syndication Agent, as applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent or 
the retiring Syndication Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its 
duties and obligations hereunder. The rights and duties of the 
Administrative Agent to be vested in any successor Administrative Agent 
shall include, without limitation, the rights and duties as Swingline 
Lender. After any retiring Administrative Agents or retiring Syndication 
Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article shall inure 
to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while 
it was the Administrative Agent or the Syndication Agent, as applicable. 
For gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by all the Banks 
(excluding for such determination Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent 
in its capacity as a Bank, as applicable), or if the Administrative Agent 
becomes a Defaulting Lender (as determined by the Majority Banks other than 
the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bank, and the Borrower), 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent may be removed at any time by 
giving at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to 
Administrative Agent or Syndication Agent and Borrower. Such resignation or 
removal shall take effect upon the acceptance of appointment by a successor 
Administrative Agent, Documentation Agent or Syndication Agent, as 
applicable, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.8.

          Section 7.9 Consents and Approvals. All communications from 
Administrative Agent to the Banks requesting the Banks determination, 
consent, approval or

83

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

disapproval (i) shall be given in the form of a written notice to each 
Bank, (ii) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or item as 
to which such determination, approval, consent or disapproval is requested, 
or shall advise each Bank where such matter or item may be inspected, or 
shall otherwise describe the matter or issue to be resolved, (iii) shall 
include, if reasonably requested by a Bank and to the extent not previously 
provided to such Bank, written materials and a summary of all oral 
information provided to Administrative Agent by Borrower in respect of the 
matter or issue to be resolved, (iv) shall include Administrative Agents 
recommended course of action or determination in respect thereof, and (v) 
shall include the following clause in capital letters, FAILURE TO RESPOND 
TO THIS NOTICE WITHIN THE BANK REPLY PERIOD SHALL BE DEEMED CONSENT TO THE 
RECOMMENDATION SET FORTH HEREIN. Each Bank shall reply promptly, but in 
any event within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of the request 
therefor from Administrative Agent (the Bank Reply Period). Unless a Bank 
shall give written notice to Administrative Agent that it objects to the 
recommendation or determination of Administrative Agent (together with a 
written explanation of the reasons behind such objection) within the Bank 
Reply Period, such Bank shall be deemed to have approved of or consented to 
such recommendation or determination. With respect to decisions requiring 
the approval of the Majority Banks or all the Banks, Administrative Agent 
shall submit its recommendation or determination for approval of or consent 
to such recommendation or determination to all Banks and upon receiving the 
required approval or consent (or deemed approval or consent, as the case 
may be) shall follow the course of action or determination of the Majority 
Banks or all the Banks (and each non-responding Bank shall be deemed to 
have concurred with such recommended course of action), as the case may be.


ARTICLE VIII

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

          Section 8.1 Basis for Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or 
Unfair. If on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any 
Euro-Dollar Borrowing or Money Market IBOR Loan the Administrative Agent 
determines in good faith that deposits in Dollars (in the applicable 
amounts) are not being offered in the relevant market for such Interest 
Period, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the 
Borrower and the Banks, whereupon until the Administrative Agent notifies 
the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no 
longer exist, the obligations of the Banks to make Euro-Dollar Loans shall 
be suspended. In such event (a) unless the Borrower notifies the 
Administrative Agent on or before the second (2nd) Euro-Dollar Business Day 
before, but excluding, the date of (i) any Euro-Dollar Borrowing for 
Dollars for which a Notice of Borrowing has previously been given that it 
elects not to borrow on such date, such Borrowing shall instead be made as 
a Base Rate Borrowing, or (ii) any Money Market IBOR Borrowing for which a 
Notice of Money Market Borrowing has previously been given, the Money 
Market IBOR Loans comprising such Borrowing shall bear interest for each 
day from and including the first day to but excluding the last day of the 
Interest Period applicable thereto at the Base Rate for such day, and (b) 
any Notice of Borrowing for a Euro-Dollar Borrowing denominated in an 
Alternate Currency shall be ineffective.

          Section 8.2 Illegality. If, on or after the date of this 
Agreement, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any 
change in any applicable law, rule or regulation,

84

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any 
governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the 
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Bank (or its 
Euro-Dollar Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or not 
having the force of law) made after the Closing Date of any such authority, 
central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful for any Bank (or 
its Euro-Dollar Lending Office) (x) to make, maintain or fund its 
Euro-Dollar Loans, or (y) to participate in any Letter of Credit issued by 
the Fronting Bank, or, with respect to the Fronting Bank, to issue a Letter 
of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to 
the other Banks and the Borrower, whereupon until such Bank notifies the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent that the circumstances giving rise to 
such suspension no longer exist, the obligation of such Bank in the case of 
the event described in clause (x) above to make Euro-Dollar Loans, or in 
the case of the event described in clause (y) above, to participate in any 
Letter of Credit issued by the Fronting Bank or, with respect to the 
Fronting Bank, to issue any Letter of Credit, shall be suspended. With 
respect to Euro-Dollar Loans, before giving any notice to the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section, such Bank shall designate a 
different Euro-Dollar Lending Office if such designation will avoid the 
need for giving such notice and will not, in the judgment of such Bank, be 
otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such Bank shall determine that 
it may not lawfully continue to maintain and fund any of its outstanding 
Euro-Dollar Loans to maturity and shall so specify in such notice, the 
Borrower shall be deemed to have delivered a Notice of Interest Rate 
Election and such Euro-Dollar Loan shall be converted as of such date to a 
Base Rate Loan (without payment of any amounts that Borrower would 
otherwise be obligated to pay pursuant to Section 2.14 hereof with respect 
to Loans converted pursuant to this Section 8.2) in an equal principal 
amount from such Bank (on which interest and principal shall be payable 
contemporaneously with the related Euro-Dollar Loans of the other Banks), 
and such Bank shall make such a Base Rate Loan.

          If at any time, it shall be unlawful for any Bank to make, 
maintain or fund its Euro-Dollar Loans, the Borrower shall have the right, 
upon five (5) Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to either 
(x) cause a bank, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, to 
offer to purchase the Commitments of such Bank for an amount equal to such 
Banks outstanding Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon, and to become a Bank hereunder, or obtain the agreement of one or 
more existing Banks to offer to purchase the Commitments of such Bank for 
such amount, which offer such Bank is hereby required to accept, or (y) to 
repay in full all Loans then outstanding of such Bank, together with 
interest due thereon and any and all fees due hereunder, upon which event, 
such Banks Commitments shall be deemed to be canceled pursuant to Section 
2.11(c).

          Section 8.3 Increased Cost and Reduced Return.

               (a) If, on or after (x) the date hereof in the case of 
Committed Loans made pursuant to Section 2.1, or (y) the date of the 
related Money Market Quote (in each case, the Loan Effective Date), in 
the case of any Money Market Loan, the adoption or phase in of any 
applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in any applicable law, 
rule, directive, guideline, decision, or regulation, or any change in the 
interpretation, re-interpretation, application, or administration thereof 
by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged 
with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any 
Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) with any request or directive 
(whether or not having the force of

85

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

law) made at the Closing Date of any such authority, central bank or 
comparable agency shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve 
(including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board 
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (but excluding with respect to 
any Euro-Dollar Loan any such requirement reflected in an applicable 
Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage)), special deposit, insurance assessment or 
similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, 
or credit extended by, any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) or shall 
impose on any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) or on the interbank 
market any other condition materially more burdensome in nature, extent or 
consequence than those in existence as of the Loan Effective Date affecting 
such Banks Euro-Dollar Loans, its Note, or its obligation to make 
Euro-Dollar Loans, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase 
the cost to such Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) of making or 
maintaining any Euro-Dollar Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum 
received or receivable by such Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) 
under this Agreement or under its Note with respect to such Euro-Dollar 
Loans, by an amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then, within 15 
days after demand by such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), 
the Borrower shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or amounts 
(based upon a reasonable allocation thereof by such Bank to the Euro-Dollar 
Loans made by such Bank hereunder) as will compensate such Bank for such 
increased cost or reduction to the extent such Bank generally imposes such 
additional amounts on other borrowers of such Bank in similar 
circumstances.

               (b) If any Bank shall have reasonably determined that, after 
the date hereof, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation 
regarding capital adequacy, or any change in any such law, rule or 
regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof 
by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged 
with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any 
Bank with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or 
not having the force of law) made after the Closing Date of any such 
authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect 
of reducing the rate of return on capital of such Bank (or its Parent) as a 
consequence of such Banks obligations hereunder to a level below that 
which such Bank (or its Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, 
change, request or directive (taking into consideration its policies with 
respect to capital adequacy) by an amount reasonably deemed by such Bank to 
be material, then from time to time, within 15 days after demand by such 
Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to 
such Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank 
(or its Parent) for such reduction to the extent such Bank generally 
imposes such additional amounts on other borrowers of such Bank in similar 
circumstances.

               (c) Each Bank will promptly notify the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge, occurring 
after the date hereof, which will entitle such Bank to compensation 
pursuant to this Section and will designate a different Applicable Lending 
Office if such designation will avoid the need for, or reduce the amount 
of, such compensation and will not, in the reasonable judgment of such 
Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such Bank shall fail to 
notify Borrower of any such event within ninety (90) days following the end 
of the month during which such event occurred, then Borrowers liability 
for any amounts described in this Section incurred by such Bank as a result 
of such event shall be limited to those attributable to the period 
occurring subsequent to the ninetieth (90th) day prior to, but excluding, 
the date upon which such Bank actually notified Borrower of the occurrence 
of such event. A certificate of any Bank claiming compensation

86

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

under this Section and setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation of 
the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be 
conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. In determining such 
amount, such Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

               (d) If at any time, any Bank shall be owed amounts pursuant 
to this Section 8.3, the Borrower shall have the right, upon five (5) 
Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent to either (x) cause a 
bank, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, to offer to 
purchase the Commitments of such Bank for an amount equal to such Banks 
outstanding Loans (excluding, at the Borrowers option, any Money Market 
Loans held by such Bank), and to become a Bank hereunder, or to obtain the 
agreement of one or more existing Banks to offer to purchase the 
Commitments of such Bank for such amount, which offer such Bank is hereby 
required to accept, or (y) to repay in full all Loans then outstanding of 
such Bank (excluding, at the Borrowers option, any Money Market Loans held 
by such Bank), together with interest and all other amounts due thereon, 
upon which event, such Banks Commitment shall be deemed to be canceled 
pursuant to Section 2.11(c).

          Section 8.4 Taxes.

               (a) Any and all payments by the Borrower or any Qualified 
Borrower to or for the account of any Bank or the Administrative Agent 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of 
and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, 
levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities 
with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Bank and the 
Administrative Agent, taxes imposed on its income, and franchise taxes 
imposed on it, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Bank or the 
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political 
subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Bank, taxes imposed on its 
income, and franchise or similar taxes imposed on it, by the jurisdiction 
of such Banks Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision 
thereof or by any other jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) 
as a result of a present or former connection between such Bank or 
Administrative Agent and such other jurisdiction or by the United States 
(all such non-excluded taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, 
withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as 
Non-Excluded Taxes). If the Borrower or any Qualified Borrower shall be 
required by law to deduct any Non-Excluded Taxes from or in respect of any 
sum payable hereunder or under any Note or Letter of Credit, (i) the sum 
payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required 
deductions (including, without limitation, deductions applicable to 
additional sums payable under this Section 8.4) such Bank, the Fronting 
Bank or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount 
equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, 
(ii) the Borrower or Qualified Borrower shall make such deductions, (iii) 
the Borrower or Qualified Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to 
the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with 
applicable law and (iv) the Borrower or Qualified Borrower shall furnish to 
the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.1, the 
original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof.

               (b) In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any present or 
future stamp or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes, 
or charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or 
under any Note or the Letter of Credit or from the

87

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

execution or delivery of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or 
any Note or the Letter of Credit (hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes
).

               (c) In the event that Non-Excluded Taxes not imposed on the 
Closing Date are imposed, or Non-Excluded Taxes imposed on the Closing Date 
increase, the applicable Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent and the 
Borrower of such event in writing within a reasonable period following 
receipt of knowledge thereof. If such Bank shall fail to notify Borrower of 
any such event within ninety (90) days following the end of the month 
during which such event occurred, then Borrowers or Qualified Borrowers 
liability for such additional Non-Excluded Taxes incurred by such Bank as a 
result of such event (including payment of a make-whole amount under 
Section 8.4(a)(i)) shall be limited to those attributable to the period 
occurring subsequent to the ninetieth (90th) day prior to, but excluding, 
the date upon which such Bank actually notified Borrower of the occurrence 
of such event.

               (d) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank, the Fronting 
Bank and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of Non-Excluded Taxes 
or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any Non-Excluded Taxes or 
Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable 
under this Section 8.4) paid by such Bank, the Fronting Bank or the 
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) and, so long as such Bank, the 
Fronting Bank or Administrative Agent has promptly paid any such 
Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes, any liability for penalties and interest 
arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification shall be 
made within 15 days from the date such Bank, the Fronting Bank or the 
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) makes demand therefor.

               (e) Each Bank organized under the laws of a jurisdiction 
outside the United States, on or prior to the date of its execution and 
delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Bank listed on the signature 
pages hereof and on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Bank in the 
case of each other Bank, shall provide the Borrower with (A) two duly 
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form 1001 or any successor 
form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, and (B) an Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8ECI, as appropriate, or any successor 
form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, and shall provide Borrower 
with two further copies of any such form or certification on or before the 
date that any such form or certification expires or becomes obsolete and 
after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent 
form previously delivered by it to Borrower, certifying (i) in the case of 
a Form 1001, that such Bank is entitled to benefits under an income tax 
treaty to which the United States is a party which reduces the rate of 
withholding tax on payments of interest or certifying that the income 
receivable pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the 
conduct of a trade or business in the United States, and (ii) in the case 
of a Form W-8BEN or W-8ECI, that it is entitled to an exemption from United 
States backup withholding tax. If the form provided by a Bank at the time 
such Bank first becomes a party to this Agreement indicates a United States 
interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such 
rate shall be considered excluded from Non-Excluded Taxes as defined in 
Section 8.4(a).

               (f) Upon reasonable demand by Borrower or any Qualified 
Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Bank, the Administrative Agent 
or Bank, as the case may be, shall deliver to the Borrower or Qualified 
Borrower, or to such government or taxing authority as

88

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Borrower or Qualified Borrower may reasonably direct, any form or 
document that may be required or reasonably requested in writing in order 
to allow the Borrower or Qualified Borrower to make a payment to or for the 
account of such Bank or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any 
other Loan Document without any deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any Non-Excluded Taxes or with such deduction or withholding at a 
reduced rate (so long as the completion, execution or submission of such 
form or document would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial 
position of the party in receipt of such demand), with any such form or 
document to be accurate and completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory 
to the Borrower or Qualified Borrower making such demand and to be executed 
and to be delivered with any reasonably required certification.

               (g) For any period with respect to which a Bank has failed 
to provide the Borrower with the appropriate form pursuant to Section 
8.4(d) (unless such failure is due to a change in treaty, law or regulation 
occurring subsequent to the date on which a form originally was required to 
be provided), such Bank shall not be entitled to indemnification under 
Section 8.4(c) with respect to Non-Excluded Taxes imposed by the United 
States; provided, however, that should a Bank, which is otherwise exempt 
from or subject to a reduced rate of withholding tax, become subject to 
Non-Excluded Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required 
hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as such Bank shall reasonably 
request to assist such Bank to recover such Taxes so long as Borrower shall 
incur no cost or liability as a result thereof.

               (h) If the Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to 
or for the account of any Bank pursuant to this Section 8.4, then such Bank 
will change the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office so as to 
eliminate or reduce any such additional payment which may thereafter accrue 
if such change, in the judgment of such Bank, is not otherwise 
disadvantageous to such Bank.

               (i) If at any time, any Bank shall be owed amounts pursuant 
to this Section 8.4, the Borrower shall have the right, upon five (5) 
Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent to either (x) cause a 
bank, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, to offer to 
purchase the Commitments of such Bank for an amount equal to such Banks 
outstanding Loans, and to become a Bank hereunder, or to obtain the 
agreement of one or more existing Banks to offer to purchase the 
Commitments of such Bank for such amount, which offer such Bank is hereby 
required to accept, or (y) to repay in full all Loans then outstanding of 
such Bank, together with interest and all other amounts due thereon, upon 
which event, such Banks Commitment shall be deemed to be canceled pursuant 
to Section 2.11(c).

          Section 8.5 Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Euro-Dollar 
Loans. If (i) the obligation of any Bank to make Euro-Dollar Loans has been 
suspended pursuant to Section 8.2 or (ii) any Bank has demanded 
compensation under Section 8.3 or 8.4 with respect to its Euro-Dollar Loans 
and the Borrower shall, by at least five Business Days prior notice to 
such Bank through the Administrative Agent, have elected that the 
provisions of this Section shall apply to such Bank, then, unless and until 
such Bank notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such 
suspension or demand for compensation no longer exist:

89

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (a) Borrower shall be deemed to have delivered a Notice of 
Interest Rate Election with respect to such affected Euro-Dollar Loans and 
thereafter all Loans which would otherwise be made by such Bank to the 
Borrower as Dollar-denominated Euro-Dollar Loans shall be made instead as 
Base Rate Loans, and no Borrowing from such Bank would take effect with 
respect to Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency; and

               (b) after each of its Euro-Dollar Loans has been repaid, all 
payments of principal which would otherwise be applied to repay such 
Euro-Dollar Loans shall be applied to repay its Base Rate Loans instead, 
and

               (c) Borrower will not be required to make any payment which 
would otherwise be required by Section 2.14 with respect to such 
Euro-Dollar Loans converted to Base Rate Loans pursuant to clause (a) 
above.


ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

          Section 9.1 Notices. All notices, requests and other 
communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including bank 
wire, telex, facsimile transmission followed by telephonic confirmation or 
similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (x) in the case of the 
Borrower, any Qualified Borrower, the Administrative Agent (JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A.) or the Administrative Agent (J.P. Morgan Europe Limited), at 
its address, telex number or facsimile number set forth on Exhibit F 
attached hereto with a duplicate copy thereof, in the case of the Borrower, 
to the Borrower, at its address set forth on the signature page hereof, 
Attn: General Counsel, (y) in the case of any Bank, at its address, telex 
number or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or 
(z) in the case of any party, such other address, telex number or facsimile 
number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the 
Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Each such notice, request or other 
communication shall be effective (i) if given by telex or facsimile 
transmission, when such telex or facsimile is transmitted to the telex 
number or facsimile number specified in this Section and the appropriate 
answerback or facsimile confirmation is received, (ii) if given by 
certified registered mail, return receipt requested, with first class 
postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, upon receipt or refusal to accept 
delivery, (iii) if given by a nationally recognized overnight carrier, 24 
hours after such communication is deposited with such carrier with postage 
prepaid for next day delivery, or (iv) if given by any other means, when 
delivered at the address specified in this Section; provided that notices 
to the Administrative Agent under Article II or Article VIII shall not be 
effective until received.

          Section 9.2 No Waivers. No failure or delay by the Administrative 
Agent or any Bank in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or 
under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or 
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and 
remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any 
rights or remedies provided by law.

          Section 9.3 Expenses; Indemnification.

90

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (a) The Borrower shall pay within thirty (30) days after 
written notice from the Administrative Agent, (i) all reasonable 
out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including, 
without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of special counsel 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP ), in connection with the 
preparation of this Agreement, the Loan Documents and the documents and 
instruments referred to therein, and any waiver or consent hereunder or any 
amendment hereof or any Default or alleged Default hereunder, (ii) all 
reasonable fees and disbursements of special counsel in connection with the 
syndication of the Loans, and (iii) if an Event of Default occurs, all 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and 
each Bank, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel 
for the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks, in connection with the 
enforcement of the Loan Documents and the instruments referred to therein 
and such Event of Default and collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other 
enforcement proceedings resulting therefrom; provided, however, that the 
attorneys fees and disbursements for which Borrower is obligated under 
this subsection (a)(iii) shall be limited to the reasonable non-duplicative 
fees and disbursements of (A) counsel for Administrative Agent and (B) 
counsel for all of the Banks as a group; and provided, further, that all 
other costs and expenses for which Borrower is obligated under this 
subsection (a)(iii) shall be limited to the reasonable non-duplicative 
costs and expenses of Administrative Agent. For purposes of this Section 
9.3(a)(iii), (1) counsel for Administrative Agent shall mean a single 
outside law firm representing Administrative Agent and (2) counsel for all 
of the Banks as a group shall mean a single outside law firm representing 
such Banks as a group (which law firm may or may not be the same law firm 
representing the Administrative Agent).

               (b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative 
Agent and each Bank, their respective affiliates and the respective 
directors, officers, agents and employees of the foregoing (each an 
Indemnitee) and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all 
liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind, including, 
without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, which 
may be incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with any investigative, 
administrative or judicial proceeding that may at any time (including, 
without limitation, at any time following the payment of the Obligations) 
be asserted against any Indemnitee, as a result of, or arising out of, or 
in any way related to or by reason of, (i) any of the transactions 
contemplated by the Loan Documents or the execution, delivery or 
performance of any Loan Document, (ii) any violation by the Borrower or the 
Environmental Affiliates of any applicable Environmental Law, (iii) any 
Environmental Claim arising out of the management, use, control, ownership 
or operation of property or assets by the Borrower or any of the 
Environmental Affiliates, including, without limitation, all on-site and 
off-site activities of Borrower or any Environmental Affiliate involving 
Materials of Environmental Concern, (iv) the breach of any environmental 
representation or warranty set forth herein, but excluding those 
liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (a) for which such 
Indemnitee has been compensated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, 
(b) incurred solely by reason of the gross negligence, willful misconduct 
bad faith or fraud of any Indemnitee as finally determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, (c) arising from violations of Environmental Laws 
relating to a Property which are caused by the act or omission of such 
Indemnitee after such Indemnitee takes possession of such Property or (d) 
owing by such Indemnitee to any third party based upon contractual 
obligations of such Indemnitee owing to such third party which are not 
expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. In addition, the indemnification 
set forth in this Section 9.3(b) in favor of any director, officer, agent 
or employee of Administrative Agent or any Bank shall be

91

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

solely in their respective capacities as such director, officer, agent or 
employee. The Borrowers obligations under this Section shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Obligations. Without 
limitation of the other provisions of this Section 9.3, Borrower shall 
indemnify and hold each of the Administrative Agent and the Banks free and 
harmless from and against all loss, costs (including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses), expenses, taxes, and damages (including consequential 
damages) that the Administrative Agent and the Banks may suffer or incur by 
reason of the investigation, defense and settlement of claims and in 
obtaining any prohibited transaction exemption under ERISA or the Code 
necessary in the Administrative Agents reasonable judgment by reason of 
the inaccuracy of the representations and warranties, or a breach of the 
provisions, set forth in Section 4.6(b).

          Section 9.4 Sharing of Set-Offs. In addition to any rights now or 
hereafter granted under applicable law or otherwise, and not by way of 
limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of any Event of Default, each Bank is hereby authorized at any 
time or from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind to the Borrower or to any other Person, any such notice 
being hereby expressly waived, but subject to the prior consent of the 
Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, to 
set off and to appropriate and apply any and all deposits (general or 
special, time or demand, provisional or final) and any other indebtedness 
at any time held or owing by such Bank (including, without limitation, by 
branches and agencies of such Bank wherever located) to or for the credit 
or the account of the Borrower or any Qualified Borrower against and on 
account of the Obligations of the Borrower or any Qualified Borrower then 
due and payable to such Bank under this Agreement or under any of the other 
Loan Documents, including, without limitation, all interests in Obligations 
purchased by such Bank. Each Bank agrees that if it shall by exercising any 
right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, receive payment of a 
proportion of the aggregate amount of principal and interest due with 
respect to any Note held by it or Letter of Credit participated in by it 
or, in the case of the Fronting Bank, Letter of Credit issued by it, which 
is greater than the proportion received by any other Bank or Letter of 
Credit issued or participated in by such other Bank, the Bank receiving 
such proportionately greater payment shall purchase such participations in 
the Notes held by the other Banks, and such other adjustments shall be 
made, as may be required so that all such payments of principal and 
interest with respect to the Notes held by the Banks or Letter of Credit 
issued or participated in by such other Bank shall be shared by the Banks 
pro rata; provided that nothing in this Section shall impair the right of 
any Bank to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim it may have to 
any deposits not received in connection with the Loans and to apply the 
amount subject to such exercise to the payment of indebtedness of the 
Borrower or Qualified Borrower other than its indebtedness under the Notes 
or the Letters of Credit. The Borrower, for itself and on behalf of any 
Qualified Borrower, agrees, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so 
under applicable law, that any holder of a participation in a Note or a 
Letter of Credit, whether or not acquired pursuant to the foregoing 
arrangements, may exercise rights of set-off or counterclaim and other 
rights with respect to such participation as fully as if such holder of a 
participation were a direct creditor of the Borrower or the applicable 
Qualified Borrower in the amount of such participation. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, any Bank may, by separate 
agreement with the Borrower or a Qualified Borrower, waive its right to set 
off contained herein or granted by law and any such written waiver shall be 
effective against such Bank under this Section 9.4.

92

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Section 9.5 Amendments and Waivers.

               (a) Any provision of this Agreement or the Notes or the 
Letters of Credit or other Loan Documents may be amended or waived if, but 
only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by the 
Borrower and the Majority Banks (and, if the rights or duties of the 
Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent or the Swingline Lender in 
their capacity as Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent or the Swingline 
Lender, as applicable, including, without limitation, any amendment of 
Section 9.16, are affected thereby, by the Administrative Agent, the 
Syndication Agent or the Swingline Lender, as applicable); provided that 
(A) no amendment or waiver with respect to this Agreement, the Notes, the 
Letters of Credit or any other Loan Documents shall, unless signed by all 
the Banks, (i) increase or decrease the Commitment of any Bank (except for 
a ratable decrease in the Commitments of all Banks) or subject any Bank to 
any additional obligation, (ii) reduce the principal of or rate of interest 
on any Loan or any fees hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any 
payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or any fees hereunder or 
for any reduction or termination of any Commitment, (iv) change the 
percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount 
of the Notes, or the number of Banks, which shall be required for the Banks 
or any of them to take any action under this Section or any other provision 
of this Agreement, (v) release the Guaranty or any Qualified Borrower 
Guaranty or (vi) modify the provisions of this Section 9.5, and (B) no 
amendment or waiver of the provisions of Section 2.13(a) (as it relates to 
the Borrowers payment of Loans and fees hereunder by not later than 12:00 
P.M. (New York City time) on the date when due) shall be binding upon a 
Designating Lender as to any Money Market Loans then outstanding unless 
signed by such Designating Lender.

               (b) The provisions in Sections 5.1, 5.8 through 5.14 and 
6.1(b) through (i) and 6.1(l) through (r) of this Agreement (the AMB 
Revolver Provisions), contain or are expected to contain essentially the 
same provisions with respect to the Borrower and the Guarantor as those 
contained in Sections 5.1, 5.8 through 5.14 and 6.1(b) through (i) and 
6.1(l) through (r) of the Credit Agreements (as defined below). In the 
event that the Borrower, Guarantor, Administrative Agent and/or one or more 
administrative agents under any of the Credit Agreements propose in writing 
to modify, waive or restate, or request a consent or approval with respect 
to, the AMB Revolver Provisions (and related definitions) in any Credit 
Agreement (which may include a written waiver of an existing actual or 
potential Default or Event of Default that is intended to be eliminated by 
such modification, restatement or waiver (other than an actual Event of 
Default under Section 6.1(b) with respect to the covenants contained in 
Section 5.8 only)) (individually, a Covenant Modification) and request 
corresponding changes to this Agreement, then any such Covenant 
Modifications shall be subject to the approval of the Requisite Lenders 
and, simultaneously with approval of such Covenant Modifications by the 
Requisite Lenders, this Agreement shall be deemed modified or restated, or 
such waiver, consent or approval shall be deemed granted, in a manner 
consistent with such approved Covenant Modifications, provided, however, 
that all the Banks shall have received notice of any such proposed Covenant 
Modification, together with reasonable time to respond thereto. If 
requested by the Borrower, Guarantor or Administrative Agent, the Borrower, 
Guarantor, Administrative Agent and each Bank shall execute and deliver a 
written amendment to, restatement of, or waiver, consent or approval under, 
this Agreement memorializing such modification, restatement, waiver, 
consent or approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, nothing in 
this Section 9.5(b) shall be deemed to affect the rights of each Bank under 
the

93

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

provisions of clauses (A) and (B) of Section 9.5(a) and no Covenant 
Modification shall be deemed to effect a change to such provisions.

               In addition, the Borrower will be obligated to pay to the 
Administrative Agent and the Banks fees calculated in the same manner as 
any and all fees as the Borrower shall pay to the agents and the lenders 
under the other Credit Agreement in connection with such approved Covenant 
Modifications.

               For the purposes of this Section 9.5(b), Credit Agreements
 means (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Revolving Credit Agreement to be 
entered into on or about the date of this Agreement providing for loans in 
Yen and other alternate currencies to one or more qualified borrowers among 
one or more qualified borrowers, Borrower and Guarantor, as guarantors, 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative Agent, Sumitomo 
Mitsui Banking Corporation, as sole lead arranger and sole joint 
bookrunners, and the other banks and agents listed therein (the Yen 
Revolving Credit Agreement), (iii) the European Term Credit Agreement to 
be entered into on or after the date of this Agreement providing for loans 
in Euros to one more qualified borrowers among one or more qualified 
borrowers, Borrower and Guarantor, as guarantors, an administrative agent 
and other agents to be selected by Borrower, lead arranger(s) and joint 
bookrunners(s) to be selected by Borrower, and a syndicate of banks 
arranged by Borrower and the lead arranger(s) (the European Term Credit 
Agreement), and (iv) any other credit agreement or loan agreement under 
which Borrower is a borrower or guarantor which contains any financial 
covenants applicable to Borrower that are substantially similar to the 
financial covenants set forth in this Agreement from the date designated by 
Borrower from time to time in a written notice to the Administrative Agent 
until the date Borrower revokes such designation in a written notice to the 
Administrative Agent, in each case, as any of the foregoing may be further 
amended, amended and restated, replaced, refinanced, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

               For the purposes of this Section 9.5(b) only, Requisite 
Lenders means at any time the lenders (including the Banks) having at 
least 51% of the aggregate amount of (i) all commitments under any Credit 
Agreement for which the lender commitments are still in effect, and (ii) 
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the loans under any Credit 
Agreement under which the lender commitments have been terminated. For 
purposed of calculating the Requisite Lenders, (x) in the case of swingline 
loans, the amount of each lenders funded participation interest in such 
swingline loans shall be considered as if it were a direct loan and not a 
participation interest, and the aggregate amount of swingline loans owing 
to the swingline lender shall be consider as reduced by the amount of such 
funded participation interests, and (y) in the case of letters of credit, 
the amount of each lenders participation, in any such letter of credit 
shall be considered as if it were a direct loan from such lender.

          Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns.

               (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns, except that the Borrower may not assign or 
otherwise transfer any of its rights under this Agreement or the other Loan 
Documents without the prior written consent of all Banks and the 
Administrative Agent

94

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and a Bank may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its interest under 
this Agreement except as permitted in subsection (b) and (c) of this 
Section 9.6.

               (b) Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, any Bank 
may at any time, grant to an existing Bank, one or more banks, finance 
companies, insurance companies or other financial institutions (a 
Participant) in minimum amounts of not less than $5,000,000 (or any lesser 
amount in the case of participations to an existing Bank) participating 
interests in its Commitment or any or all of its Loans. After the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, any Bank may 
at any time grant to any Person in any amount (also a Participant), 
participating interests in its Commitment or any or all of its Loans. Any 
participation made during the continuation of an Event of Default shall not 
be affected by the subsequent cure of such Event of Default. In the event 
of any such grant by a Bank of a participating interest to a Participant, 
whether or not upon notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, 
such Bank shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations 
hereunder, and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall continue to 
deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Banks 
rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to 
which any Bank may grant such a participating interest shall provide that 
such Bank shall retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce the 
obligations of the Borrower hereunder including, without limitation, the 
right to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of 
this Agreement; provided that such participation agreement may provide that 
such Bank will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of this 
Agreement described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of Section 9.5 
without the consent of the Participant. The Borrower agrees that each 
Participant shall, to the extent provided in its participation agreement, 
be entitled to the benefits of Article VIII with respect to its 
participating interest.

               (c) Any Bank may at any time assign to a Qualified 
Institution (in each case, an Assignee) (i) prior to the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, in minimum amounts of not less than Five Million Dollars 
($5,000,000) and integral multiple of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) 
thereafter (or any lesser amount in the case of assignments to an existing 
Bank) and (ii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, in any amount, all or a proportionate part of all, of its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan 
Documents, and, in either case, such Assignee shall assume such rights and 
obligations, pursuant to a Transfer Supplement in substantially the form of 
Exhibit E hereto executed by such Assignee and such transferor Bank; 
provided, that such assignment shall be subject to the Administrative 
Agents and the Fronting Banks consent and, provided that no Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrowers consent, 
which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and provided 
further that if an Assignee is an affiliate of such transferor Bank (unless 
such transferor Bank is a Defaulting Bank) or was a Bank (unless such Bank 
is a Defaulting Bank) immediately prior to such assignment, no such consent 
of Borrower shall be required; and provided further that such assignment 
may, but need not, include rights of the transferor Bank in respect of 
outstanding Money Market Loans. Upon execution and delivery of such 
instrument and payment by such Assignee to such transferor Bank of an 
amount equal to the purchase price agreed between such transferor Bank and 
such Assignee, such Assignee shall be a Bank party to this Agreement and 
shall have all the rights and obligations of a Bank with a Commitment as 
set forth in such instrument of assumption, and no further consent or 
action by any party shall be required and the transferor Bank shall be 
released

95

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

from its obligations hereunder to a corresponding extent. Upon the 
consummation of any assignment pursuant to this subsection (c), the 
transferor Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall make 
appropriate arrangements so that, if required, a new Note is issued to the 
Assignee. In connection with any such assignment (other than an assignment 
by a Bank to an affiliate), the transferor Bank shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent an administrative fee for processing such assignment 
in the amount of $3,500. If the Assignee is not incorporated under the laws 
of the United States of America or a state thereof, it shall deliver to the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent certification as to exemption from 
deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes in 
accordance with Section 8.4. Any assignment made during the continuation of 
an Event of Default shall not be affected by any subsequent cure of such 
Event of Default.

               (d) Any Bank (each, a Designating Lender) may at any time 
designate one Designated Lender to fund Money Market Loans on behalf of 
such Designating Lender subject to the terms of this Section 9.6(d) and the 
provisions in Section 9.6(b) and (c) shall not apply to such designation. 
No Bank may designate more than one (1) Designated Lender at any one time. 
The parties to each such designation shall execute and deliver to the 
Administrative Agent for its acceptance a Designation Agreement. Upon such 
receipt of an appropriately completed Designation Agreement executed by a 
Designating Lender and a designee representing that it is a Designated 
Lender, the Administrative Agent will accept such Designation Agreement and 
will give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower, whereupon, (i) the 
Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Designating Lender a Designated 
Lender Note payable to the order of the Designated Lender, (ii) from and 
after the effective date specified in the Designation Agreement, the 
Designated Lender shall become a party to this Agreement with a right 
(subject to the provisions of Section 2.4) to make Money Market Loans on 
behalf of its Designating Lender pursuant to the Designation Agreement 
after the Borrower has accepted a Money Market Loan (or portion thereof) of 
the Designating Lender, and (iii) the Designated Lender shall not be 
required to make payments with respect to any obligations in this Agreement 
except to the extent of excess cash flow of such Designated Lender which is 
not otherwise required to repay obligations of such Designated Lender which 
are then due and payable; provided, however, that regardless of such 
designation and assumption by the Designated Lender, the Designating Lender 
shall be and remain obligated to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and 
the Banks for each and every of the obligations of the Designating Lender 
and its related Designated Lender with respect to this Agreement, 
including, without limitation, any indemnification obligations under 
Section 7.6 hereof and any sums otherwise payable to the Borrower by the 
Designated Lender. Each Designating Lender shall serve as the 
administrative agent of the Designated Lender and shall on behalf of, and 
to the exclusion of, the Designated Lender: (i) receive any and all 
payments made for the benefit of the Designated Lender and (ii) give and 
receive all communications and notices and take all actions hereunder, 
including, without limitation, votes, approvals, waivers, consents and 
amendments under or relating to this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents. Any such notice, communication, vote, approval, waiver, consent 
or amendment shall be signed by the Designating Lender as administrative 
agent for the Designated Lender and shall not be signed by the Designated 
Lender on its own behalf and shall be binding upon the Designated Lender to 
the same extent as if signed by the Designated Lender on its own behalf. 
The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Banks may rely thereon 
without any requirement that the Designated Lender sign or acknowledge the 
same. No Designated Lender may assign or transfer all or any portion of its 
interest hereunder or

96

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

under any other Loan Document, other than assignments to the Designating 
Lender which originally designated such Designated Lender or otherwise in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 9.6(b) and (c).

               (e) Any Bank may at any time assign all or any portion of 
its rights under this Agreement and its Note and the Letter(s) of Credit 
participated in by such Bank or, in the case of the Fronting Bank, issued 
by it, to a Federal Reserve Bank. No such assignment shall release the 
transferor Bank from its obligations hereunder.

               (f) No Assignee, Participant or other transferee of any 
Banks rights shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under 
Section 8.3 or 8.4 than such Bank would have been entitled to receive with 
respect to the rights transferred, unless such transfer is made with the 
Borrowers prior written consent or by reason of the provisions of Section 
8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 requiring such Bank to designate a different Applicable 
Lending Office under certain circumstances or at a time when the 
circumstances giving rise to such greater payment did not exist.

               (g) No Assignee of any rights and obligations under this 
Agreement shall be permitted to further assign less than all of such rights 
and obligations. No participant in any rights and obligations under this 
Agreement shall be permitted to sell subparticipations of such rights and 
obligations.

               (h) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary 
notwithstanding, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, no Bank shall be permitted to enter into an assignment of, or 
sell a participation interest in, its rights and obligations hereunder 
which would result in such Bank holding a Commitment without participants 
of less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) (or in the case of each of 
the Administrative Agent or the Syndication Agent, Ten Million Dollars 
($10,000,000)) unless as a result of a cancellation or reduction of the 
aggregate Commitments; provided, however, that no Bank shall be prohibited 
from assigning its entire Commitment so long as such assignment is 
otherwise permitted under this Section 9.6.

          Section 9.7 Collateral. Each of the Banks represents to the 
Administrative Agent and each of the other Banks that it in good faith is 
not relying upon any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) as 
collateral in the extension or maintenance of the credit provided for in 
this Agreement.

          Section 9.8 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Judgment 
Currency.

               (a) This agreement and the other loan documents and the 
rights and obligations of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be 
construed in accordance with and be governed by the laws of the State of 
New York pursuant to Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the 
State of New York (without giving effect to the principles thereof relating 
to conflicts of law).

               (b) Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document and any action for enforcement of any 
judgment in respect thereof may be brought in the courts of the State of 
New York or of the United States of America for the

97

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Southern District of New York, and, by execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the Borrower hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its 
property and each Qualified Borrower, generally and unconditionally, the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and appellate courts 
from any thereof. The Borrower irrevocably consents, for itself and each 
Qualified Borrower, to the service of process out of any of the 
aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the hand 
delivery, or mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, 
postage prepaid, to the Borrower or Qualified Borrower at its address set 
forth below. The Borrower hereby, for itself and each Qualified Borrower, 
irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the 
laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document brought 
in the courts referred to above and hereby further irrevocably waives and 
agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action or 
proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Administrative Agent to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal 
proceedings or otherwise proceed against the Borrower or a Qualified 
Borrower in any other jurisdiction.

               (c) If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it 
is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in one currency into another 
currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may 
effectively do so under applicable law, that the rate of exchange used 
shall be the spot rate at which in accordance with normal banking 
procedures the first currency could be purchased in New York City with such 
other currency by the person obtaining such judgment on the Business Day 
preceding that on which final judgment is given.

               (d) The parties agree, to the fullest extent that they may 
effectively do so under applicable law, that the obligations of the 
Borrower or any Qualified Borrower to make payments in any currency of the 
principal of and interest on the Loans of the Borrower and any Qualified 
Borrower and any other amounts due from the Borrower or any Qualified 
Borrower hereunder to the Administrative Agent as provided herein (i) shall 
not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, or any recovery pursuant to 
any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with Section 9.8(c)), in 
any currency other than the relevant currency, except to the extent that 
such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt by the 
Administrative Agent at its relevant office on behalf of the Banks of the 
full amount of the relevant currency expressed to be payable in respect of 
the principal of and interest on the Loans and all other amounts due 
hereunder (it being assumed for purposes of this clause (i) that the 
Administrative Agent will convert any amount tendered or recovered into the 
relevant currency on the date of such tender or recovery), (ii) shall be 
enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose 
of recovering in the relevant currency the amount, if any, by which such 
actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the relevant currency 
so expressed to be payable and (iii) shall not be affected by an unrelated 
judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Agreement.

          Section 9.9 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This 
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall 
be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and 
hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes any and 
all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the 
subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective upon receipt 
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of

98

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

counterparts hereof signed by each of the parties hereto (or, in the case 
of any party as to which an executed counterpart shall not have been 
received, receipt by the Administrative Agent in form satisfactory to it of 
telegraphic, telex or other written confirmation from such party of 
execution of a counterpart hereof by such party).

          Section 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE SYNDICATION AGENT AND THE BANKS HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL 
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

          Section 9.11 Survival. All indemnities set forth herein shall 
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents and the making and repayment of the Loans hereunder.

          Section 9.12 Domicile of Loans. Each Bank may transfer and carry 
its Loans at, to or for the account of any domestic or foreign branch 
office, subsidiary or affiliate of such Bank.

          Section 9.13 Limitation of Liability. No claim may be made by the 
Borrower or any other Person acting by or through Borrower against the 
Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent or any Bank or the affiliates, 
directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agent of any of them for any 
punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any 
other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or by the other Loan Documents, or any act, 
omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and the Borrower 
hereby, for itself and each Qualified Borrower, waives, releases and agrees 
not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and 
whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor.

          Section 9.14 Recourse Obligation. This Agreement and the 
Obligations hereunder are fully recourse to the Borrower. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant, or 
agreement contained in this Agreement shall be had against (i) any officer, 
director, shareholder or employee of the Borrower or General Partner or 
(ii) any general partner of Borrower other than General Partner, in each 
case except in the event of fraud or misappropriation of funds on the part 
of such officer, director, shareholder or employee or such general partner.

          Section 9.15 Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent, the 
Syndication Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners and each 
Bank shall use reasonable efforts to assure that information about 
Borrower, General Partner and its Subsidiaries and Investment Affiliates, 
and the Properties thereof and their operations, affairs and financial 
condition, not generally disclosed to the public, which is furnished to 
Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and 
Joint Bookrunners or any Bank pursuant to the provisions hereof or any 
other Loan Document is used only for the purposes of this Agreement and 
shall not be divulged to any Person other than the Administrative Agent, 
the Banks, and their affiliates and respective officers, directors, 
employees and agents who are actively and directly participating in the 
evaluation, administration or enforcement of the Loan and other 
transactions

99

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

between such Bank and the Borrower, except: (a) to their attorneys and 
accountants, (b) in connection with the enforcement of the rights and 
exercise of any remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Banks 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) in connection with 
assignments and participations and the solicitation of prospective 
assignees and participants referred to in Section 9.6 hereof, who have 
agreed in writing to be bound by a confidentiality agreement substantially 
equivalent to the terms of this Section 9.15, and (d) as may otherwise be 
required or requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over 
the Administrative Agent or any Bank or by any applicable law, rule, 
regulation or judicial process (but only to the extent not in violation, 
conflict or inconsistent with the applicable regulatory requirement, 
request, summons or subpoena); provided, however, that in the event a Bank 
receives a summons or subpoena to disclose confidential information to any 
party, such Bank shall, if legally permitted, endeavor to notify Borrower 
thereof as soon as possible after receipt of such request, summons or 
subpoena and Borrower shall be afforded an opportunity to seek protective 
orders, or such other confidential treatment of such disclosed information, 
as Borrower and Administrative Agent may deem reasonable.

          Section 9.16 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of 
this Agreement to the contrary, if any Bank becomes a Defaulting Lender, 
then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a 
Defaulting Lender:

               (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such 
Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.9(a);

               (b) the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender shall not be 
included in determining whether the Majority Banks have taken or may take 
any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or 
other modification pursuant to Section 9.5); except (i) such Defaulting 
Lenders Commitment may not be increased or extended without its consent 
and (ii) the principal amount of, or interest or fees payable on, Loans or 
Letters of Credit may not be reduced or excused or the scheduled date of 
payment may not be postponed as to such Defaulting Lender (except as 
otherwise provided herein) without such Defaulting Lenders consent;

               (c) if any Swingline Loans or Letters of Credit are 
outstanding at the time such Bank becomes a Defaulting Lender then:

(i) provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
outstanding as of the date on which the applicable Bank becomes a 
Defaulting Lender, all or any part of the obligations of such Defaulting 
Lender under any such Swingline Loan or Letter of Credit shall be 
reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their 
respective Pro Rata Share but only to the extent the sum of all 
non-Defaulting Lenders outstanding Commitments (it being understood that 
under no circumstance shall any Bank at any time be liable for any amounts 
in excess of its Commitment) plus such Defaulting Lenders obligations 
under such Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit does not exceed the total 
of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments;

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only 
partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within five (5) Business Days 
following

100

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting 
Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Swingline Loans and (y) second, cash 
collateralize for the benefit of the Fronting Bank only the Borrowers 
obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of all 
outstanding Letters of Credit (such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure) 
(after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) 
above) (such Defaulting Lenders Collateralized LC Exposure) by paying to 
the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Fronting Bank, for deposit in the 
Letter of Credit Collateral Account, Letter of Credit Collateral in an 
amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent Amount of such Defaulting Lenders 
Collateralized LC Exposure. The Administrative Agent shall recalculate the 
Dollar Equivalent Amount applicable to such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata 
Share of all Alternate Currency Letters of Credit monthly, as of the first 
Business Day of each month to the extent included in the calculation of 
such Defaulting Lenders Non-Reallocated Share. Interest shall accrue on 
such Letter of Credit Collateral in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 6.4. Such Letter of Credit Collateral shall be held and applied for 
the benefit of the Fronting Bank only and otherwise in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 6.4 for so long as such Letters of Credit are 
outstanding;

(iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting 
Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not 
be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 
2.9(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of the 
Letters of Credit during the period such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share 
of the Letters of Credit is cash collateralized;

(iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated 
pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Banks pursuant 
to Section 2.9 (a) and Section 2.9(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with 
such non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Shares; and

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of all 
outstanding Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor cash 
collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without 
prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Fronting Bank or any other Bank 
hereunder, all Facility Fees that otherwise would have been payable to such 
Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting 
Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such Letters of Credit) and Letter 
of Credit Fees payable under Section 2.9(b) with respect to such Defaulting 
Lenders obligations under the Letters of Credit shall be payable to the 
Fronting Bank until and to the extent that such obligations under the 
Letters of Credit are reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and

(vi) so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender 
shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Fronting Bank 
shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, 
unless it is satisfied that the related LC Exposure of the Defaulting 
Lender will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting 
Lenders and/or cash collateralized in

101

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

accordance with Section 9.16(c)(ii), and participating interests in any 
newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit 
shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with 
Section 9.16(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate 
therein).

               (d) In the event that the Administrative Agent, the 
Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Fronting Bank each agrees that a 
Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Bank 
to be a Defaulting Lender, then the obligations under the Swingline Loan 
and the Letters of Credit of the Banks shall be readjusted to reflect the 
inclusion of such Banks Commitment and on such date such Bank shall 
purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Banks (other than Money 
Market Loans and Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall 
determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such Loans in 
accordance with its Pro Rata Share and all Letter of Credit Collateral 
deposited or then held with respect to such Banks LC Exposure shall be 
delivered to the Borrower.

               (e) If at any time any Bank becomes a Defaulting Lender, 
then until such time as such Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all 
matters required under and in accordance with Section 9.16(d), the Borrower 
shall have the right, upon five (5) Business Days notice to the 
Administrative Agent to either (x) cause a bank, reasonably acceptable to 
the Administrative Agent, to offer to purchase the Commitments of such 
Defaulting Lender for an amount equal to such Defaulting Lenders 
outstanding Loans (other than any Money Market Loans held by it), and to 
become a Bank hereunder, or to obtain the agreement of one or more existing 
Banks to offer to purchase the Commitments of such Defaulting Lender for 
such amount, which offer such Defaulting Lender is hereby required to 
accept, or (y) to repay in full all Loans then outstanding of such 
Defaulting Lender (excluding, at the option of the Borrower, any Money 
Market Loans held by it), together with interest and all other amounts due 
thereon, upon which event, such Defaulting Lenders Commitment shall be 
deemed to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.11(c).

          Section 9.17 Banks ERISA Covenant. Each Bank, by its signature 
hereto or on the applicable Transfer Supplement, hereby agrees (a) that on 
the date any Loan is disbursed hereunder no portion of such Banks Pro Rata 
Share of such Loan will constitute assets within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 
§ 2510.3-101 of an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 
3(3) of ERISA or a plan within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the 
Code, and (b) that following such date such Bank shall not allocate such 
Banks Pro Rata Share of any Loan to an account of such Bank if such 
allocation (i) by itself would cause such Pro Rata Share of such Loan to 
then constitute assets (within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101) of 
an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA or a 
plan within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code and (ii) by 
itself would cause such Loan to constitute a prohibited transaction under 
ERISA or the Code (which is not exempt from the restrictions of Section 406 
of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code and the taxes and penalties imposed 
by Section 4975 of the Code and Section 502(i) of ERISA) or any Agent or 
Bank being deemed in violation of Section 404 of ERISA.

          Section 9.18 No Bankruptcy Proceedings. Each of the Borrower, the 
Banks, the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the Joint 
Bookrunners hereby agrees that it

102

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

will not institute against any Designated Lender or join any other Person 
in instituting against any Designated Lender any bankruptcy, 
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding under any 
federal or state bankruptcy or similar law, until the later to occur of (i) 
one year and one day after the payment in full of the latest maturing 
commercial paper note issued by such Designated Lender and (ii) the 
Maturity Date.

          Section 9.19 Optional Increase in Commitments. At any time prior 
to the date that is thirty (30) months after the date of this Agreement, 
provided no Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, 
the Borrower may, if it so elects, increase the aggregate amount of the 
Commitments (subject to proviso (b) in the next sentence), either by 
designating a Qualified Institution not theretofore a Bank to become a Bank 
(such designation to be effective only with the prior written consent of 
the Administrative Agent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) 
and/or by agreeing with an existing Bank or Banks that such Banks 
Commitment shall be increased. Upon execution and delivery by the Borrower 
and such Bank or other financial institution of an instrument in form 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such existing Bank 
shall have a Commitment as therein set forth or such Qualified Institution 
shall become a Bank with a Commitment as therein set forth and all the 
rights and obligations of a Bank with such a Commitment hereunder; 
provided that:

               (a) the Borrower shall provide prompt notice of such 
increase to the Administrative Agent, who shall promptly notify the Banks; 
and

               (b) the amount of such increase, together with all other 
increases in the aggregate amount of the Commitments pursuant to this 
Section 9.19 since the date of this Agreement, does not cause the Facility 
Amount to exceed $800,000,000.

Upon any increase in the aggregate amount of the Commitments pursuant to 
this Section 9.19, within five Business Days (in the case of any Base Rate 
Loans then outstanding) or at the end of the then current Interest Period 
with respect thereto (in the case of any Euro-Dollar Loans then 
outstanding), as applicable, each Banks Pro Rata Share shall be 
recalculated to reflect such increase in the Commitments and the 
outstanding principal balance of the Loans shall be reallocated among the 
Banks such that, subject to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.1, the 
outstanding principal amount of Loans owed to each Bank shall be equal to 
such Banks Pro Rata Share (as recalculated). All payments, repayments and 
other disbursements of funds by the Administrative Agent to Banks shall 
thereupon and, at all times thereafter be made in accordance with each 
Banks recalculated Pro Rata Share.

          Section 9.20 Managing Agents, Documentation Agents and Co-Agents
. Each of the Borrower, the Agents and each Bank acknowledges and agrees 
that (a) the obligations of the Managing Agents, the Documentation Agents 
and the Co-Agent hereunder shall be limited to those obligations that are 
expressly set forth herein, if any, and the Managing Agents, Documentation 
Agents and Co-Agent shall not be required to take any action or assume any 
liability except as may be required in each of their capacity as a Bank 
hereunder, and (b) the indemnifications set forth herein for the benefit of 
the Agents shall also run to the benefit of the Managing Agents, the 
Documentation Agents and the Co-Agent to the extent any of them incurs any 
loss, cost or damage arising from its capacity as a Managing Agent, 
Documentation Agent or a Co-Agent.

103

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Section 9.21 USA PATRIOT Act. Each Bank hereby notifies the 
Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title 
III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act), it 
is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the 
Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower 
and other information that will allow such Bank to identify the Borrower in 
accordance with the Act.

104

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement 
to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day 
and year first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB PROPERTY, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	By:      AMB PROPERTY CORPORATION, a 	  	 
  	  	Maryland corporation and its sole general partner 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Thomas Olinger 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
Thomas Olinger
  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer 	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Facsimile number: 	  	(415) 394-9001
 
  	Address: 	  	Pier 1, Bay 1
 
  	  	  	San Francisco, California 94111
 
  	  	  	Attn: Chief Financial Officer

TOTAL COMMITMENTS: $600,000,000

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative
  	  	Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Brendan M. Poe 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Brendan M. Poe 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $65,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $65,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED, as Administrative Agent
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Belinda Lucas 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
Belinda Lucas
  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Associate 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ James P. Johnson 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
James P. Johnson 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $65,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $65,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	PNC BANK, NA, as Documentation Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Nicolas Zitelli 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Nicolas Zitelli 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Assistant Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $65,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $65,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Documentation Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Teresa Wu 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Teresa Wu 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Director 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $65,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $65,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Documentation Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Torsten Galley 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Torsten Galley 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $65,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $65,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	COMPASS BANK, as Managing Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Brian Tuerff 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Brian Tuerff 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $50,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $50,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	US BANK, NA, as Managing Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Ben J. Lewis 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Ben J. Lewis 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $50,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $50,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	UNION BANK, N.A., as Managing Agent and as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Katherine Brandt 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
Katherine Brandt 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $50,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $50,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	STATE BANK OF INDIA, as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ C. Sreenivasulu Setty 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
C. Sreenivasulu Setty 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President & Head (Syndications) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $30,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $0

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as a Bank
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ David Hants 	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
David Hants 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $25,000,000.00
  	  	Alternate Currency Commitment: $25,000,000.00

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	CHANG HWA COMMERCIAL BANK, LTD., LOS ANGELES BRANCH, as a Bank 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Beverley Chen 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Beverley Chen 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	VP & General Manager 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $20,000,000.00
Alternate Currency Commitment: $20,000,000.00 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Bank 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Natsuhiro Scmejima 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Natsuhiro Scmejima 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $25,000,000.00
Alternate Currency Commitment: $25,000,000.00 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	ING REAL ESTATE FINANCE (USA) LLC 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Christopher S. Godlewsk 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Christopher S. Godlewsk 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Director 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Laura Lynton 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Laura Lynton 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $15,000,000.00
Alternate Currency Commitment: $15,000,000.00 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BANK OF TAIWAN, LOS ANGELES BRANCH, as a Bank 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Chie Shen Tsao 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Chie Shen Tsao 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	AVP & Deputy General Manager 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $10,000,000.00
Alternate Currency Commitment: $10,000,000.00 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	UNITED OVERSEAS BANK LIMITED, LOS ANGELES AGENCY, as a Bank 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Hoong Chen 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Hoong Chen 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President & General Manager 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Dollar Commitment: $5,000,000.00
Alternate Currency Commitment: $0 	  	 

 