 EX-10.10 6 w78831a2exv10w10.htm EX-10.10


Exhibit 10.10

GUARANTOR SECURITY AGREEMENT

          PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of November ___, 2009 
(this Agreement), made by Imperial Premium Finance, LLC, a Florida 
limited liability company (the Pledgor), in favor of EBC Asset 
Management, Inc., a New York corporation (EBC), in its capacity as 
collateral agent (in such capacity, together with any successors or assigns 
in such capacity, if any, the Collateral Agent) on behalf of the Lenders 
referred to below.


W I T N E S S E T H:

          WHEREAS, Imperial PFC Financing II, LLC, a Georgia limited 
liability company (the Borrower), the lenders from time to time party 
thereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders), the Collateral 
Agent, and EBC, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, 
the Administrative Agent and together with the Collateral Agent, each an 
Agent and collectively, the Agents) are parties to a Financing 
Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2009 (such agreement, as amended, 
restated or otherwise modified from time to time, being hereinafter 
referred to as the Financing Agreement);

          WHEREAS, pursuant to the Financing Agreement the Lenders have 
agreed to make term loans (each a Loan and collectively, the Loans) to 
the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding 
not to exceed the Total Term Loan Commitment (as defined in the Financing 
Agreement);

          WHEREAS, the Pledgor owns 100% of the Equity Interests (as 
defined in the Financing Agreement) of the Borrower, as set forth in 
Schedule I hereto;

          WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the Lenders making any 
Loan to the Borrower pursuant to the Financing Agreement that the Pledgor 
shall have executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a pledge and 
security agreement providing for the pledge to the Collateral Agent, for 
the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and the grant to the Collateral 
Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, of a security 
interest in and Lien on the outstanding shares of the Equity Interests (as 
defined in the Financing Agreement) owned by the Pledgor of the Borrower, 
and in which such Pledgor has any interest at any time;

          WHEREAS, the Pledgor has determined that the execution, delivery 
and performance of this Agreement directly benefits, and is in the best 
interest of, the Pledgor.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the 
agreements herein and in order to induce the Lenders to make and maintain 
the Loans to the Borrower pursuant to the Financing Agreement, the Pledgor 
hereby agrees with the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and 
the Lenders, as follows:

          SECTION 1. Definitions. Reference is hereby made to the Financing 
Agreement for a statement of the terms thereof. All terms used in this 
Agreement which are defined in the

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Financing Agreement or in Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial 
Code (the Code) as in effect from time to time in the State of New York 
and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings 
herein as set forth therein; provided, that terms used herein which are 
defined in the Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date 
hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any 
replacement or amendment of such statute except as the Collateral Agent may 
otherwise determine.

          SECTION 2. Pledge and Grant of Security Interest. As collateral 
security for all of the Obligations (as defined in Section 3 hereof), the 
Pledgor hereby pledges and assigns to the Collateral Agent, and grants to 
the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, a 
continuing security interest in and Lien on the Pledgors right, title and 
interest in and to the following (collectively, the Pledged Collateral):

               (a) the shares of stock, partnership interests, member 
interests and other equity interests described in Schedule I hereto (the 
Pledged Shares), whether or not evidenced or represented by any stock 
certificate, certificated security or other instrument, issued by the 
Borrower described in such Schedule I (the Pledged Issuers), the 
certificates representing the Pledged Shares, all options and other rights, 
contractual or otherwise, in respect thereof and all dividends, 
distributions, cash, instruments, investment property and other property 
(including but not limited to, any stock dividend and any distribution in 
connection with a stock split) from time to time received, receivable or 
otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the 
Pledged Shares;

               (b) all additional shares of stock, partnership interests, 
member interests or other equity interests from time to time acquired by 
the Pledgor, of the Pledged Issuers, the certificates representing such 
additional shares, all options and other rights, contractual or otherwise, 
in respect thereof and all dividends, distributions, cash, instruments, 
investment property and other property from time to time received, 
receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or 
all of such additional shares, interests or equity;

               (c) all security entitlements of the Pledgor in any and all 
of the foregoing; and

               (d) all proceeds (including proceeds of proceeds) of any and 
all of the foregoing;

in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the Pledgor and 
howsoever its interest therein may arise or appear (whether by ownership, 
security interest, Lien, claim or otherwise).

          SECTION 3. Obligations. (a) The Pledgor hereby (i) irrevocably, 
absolutely and unconditionally guarantees the prompt payment by the 
Borrower, as and when due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, 
required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), of all amounts 
from time to time owing in respect of the Financing Agreement or any other 
Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without 
limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any 
Insolvency Proceeding with respect to the Borrower, whether or not a claim 
for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceeding), fees, commissions, 
expense

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise, and whether accruing before 
or subsequent to the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding with respect 
to the Borrower (notwithstanding the operation of the automatic stay under 
Section 362(a) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), and the due performance and 
observance by the Borrower of its other obligations now or hereafter 
existing in respect of the Loan Documents (the Obligations), and (ii) 
agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and 
expenses) incurred by the Agents and the Lenders in enforcing any rights 
under this Agreement.

               (b) The security interest created hereby in the Pledged 
Collateral constitutes continuing collateral security for (x) Obligations 
and (y) the due performance and observance by the Pledgor of all of its 
other obligations from time to time existing in respect of the Loan 
Documents.

               (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Agreement, the recourse of the Agent and the Lenders with respect to 
the liability of the Pledgor under this Agreement solely with respect to 
the Obligations shall be limited to the Pledged Collateral.

          SECTION 4. Delivery of the Pledged Collateral.

               (a) (i) All certificates currently representing the Pledged 
Shares shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent contemporaneously with or 
prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement. All other 
certificates and instruments constituting Pledged Collateral from time to 
time or required to be pledged to the Collateral Agent, pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement or the Financing Agreement (the Additional 
Collateral), shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent promptly upon 
receipt thereof by or on behalf of the Pledgor. All such certificates and 
instruments shall be held by or on behalf of the Collateral Agent pursuant 
hereto and shall be delivered in suitable form for transfer by delivery or 
shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment 
or undated stock powers executed in blank, all in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. If any Pledged Collateral 
consists of uncertificated securities, unless the immediately following 
sentence is applicable thereto, the Pledgor shall cause the Collateral 
Agent (or its designated custodian or nominee) to become the registered 
holder thereof, or cause each issuer of such securities to agree that it 
will comply with instructions originated by the Collateral Agent with 
respect to such securities without further consent by the Pledgor. If any 
Pledged Collateral consists of security entitlements, the Pledgor shall 
transfer such security entitlements to the Collateral Agent (or its 
custodian, nominee or other designee), or cause the applicable securities 
intermediary to agree that it will comply with entitlement orders by the 
Collateral Agent without further consent by the Pledgor.

               (ii) Within five (5) days of the receipt by the Pledgor of 
any Additional Collateral, a Pledge Amendment, duly executed by the 
Pledgor, in substantially the form of Annex I hereto (a Pledge Amendment
) shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent, in respect of the Additional 
Collateral which must be pledged pursuant to this Agreement and the 
Financing Agreement. The Pledge Amendment shall from and after delivery 
thereof constitute part of Schedule I hereto. The Pledgor hereby authorizes 
the Collateral Agent to attach each Pledge Amendment to this Agreement and 
agrees that all certificates or instruments listed on any Pledge

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Amendment delivered to the Collateral Agent shall for all purposes 
hereunder constitute Pledged Collateral and such Pledgor shall be deemed 
upon delivery thereof to have made the representations and warranties set 
forth in Section 5 hereof with respect to such Additional Collateral.

               (b) If the Pledgor shall receive, by virtue of the Pledgors 
being or having been an owner of any Pledged Collateral, any (i) stock 
certificate (including, without limitation, any certificate representing a 
stock dividend or distribution in connection with any increase or reduction 
of capital, reclassification, merger, consolidation, sale of assets, 
combination of shares, stock split, spin-off or split-off) or other 
instrument, (ii) option or right, whether as an addition to, substitution 
for, or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, or otherwise, (iii) 
dividends payable in cash (except such dividends permitted to be retained 
by any such Pledgor pursuant to Section 7 hereof) or in securities or other 
property or (iv) dividends or other distributions in connection with a 
partial or total liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a 
reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus, the Pledgor shall 
receive such stock certificate, instrument, option, right, payment or 
distribution constituting certificated Pledged Collateral in trust for the 
benefit of the Collateral Agent, shall segregate it from such Pledgors 
other property and shall deliver it forthwith to the Collateral Agent, in 
the exact form received, with any necessary endorsement and/or appropriate 
stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the Collateral Agent as 
Pledged Collateral and as further collateral security for the Obligations.

          SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties. The Pledgor represents 
and warrants as follows:

               (a) The Pledgor is a limited liability company duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
state of its organization as set forth on the first page hereof, and has 
all the requisite limited liability company power and authority to execute, 
deliver and perform this Agreement.

               (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Pledgor 
of this Agreement (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary limited 
liability company power and authority, (ii) do not and will not contravene 
its certificate of formation, operating agreement, any Requirements of Law 
or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its 
properties, (ii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of 
any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties other than pursuant 
to this Agreement, and (iii) do not and will not results in any default, 
noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal 
of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to 
any of its properties.

               (c) Schedule II hereto sets forth (i) the exact legal name 
of the Pledgor and all other names used by the Pledgor at any time during 
the five years preceding the Effective Date, and (ii) the Pledgors chief 
executive office and principal place of business and each place of business 
of the Pledgor during the five years preceding the Effective Date.

               (d) The Pledged Shares have been duly authorized and validly 
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and the holders thereof are not 
entitled to any preemptive,

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

first refusal or other similar rights (other than pursuant to a stock 
transfer agreement entered into with the prior written consent of the 
Collateral Agent). All other shares of stock constituting Pledged 
Collateral will be duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable.

               (e) The Pledgor is and will be at all times the legal and 
beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral free and clear of all Liens 
except for the Lien created by this Agreement.

               (f) The exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its 
rights and remedies hereunder will not contravene any law or any 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Pledgor or any of the 
properties of the Pledgor and will not result in or require the creation of 
any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of the Pledgor other 
than pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.

               (g) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no 
notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required to be 
obtained or made by the Pledgor for (i) the due execution, delivery and 
performance by the Pledgor of this Agreement, (ii) the grant by the 
Pledgor, or the perfection, of the Lien created hereby in the Pledged 
Collateral, except for the filing in the office described in Schedule III 
hereto of a UCC financing statement naming the Pledgor as debtor, the 
Collateral Agent as secured party and describing the Pledged Collateral, to 
perfect the Collateral Agents security interests in items of the Pledged 
Collateral in which such security interests are not susceptible to 
perfection by possession of certificates or instruments, which financing 
statement has been duly filed or (iii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent 
of any of its rights and remedies hereunder, except as may be required in 
connection with any sale of any Pledged Collateral by laws affecting the 
offering and sale of securities generally.

               (h) This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation 
of the Pledgor, enforceable against the Pledgor in accordance with its 
terms.

               (i) This Agreement creates a valid Lien in favor of the 
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in the 
Pledged Collateral as security for the Obligations. The Collateral Agents 
having possession of the certificates representing the Pledged Shares and 
all other certificates, instruments and cash constituting Pledged 
Collateral from time to time results in the perfection of such Lien. Such 
Lien is, or in the case of Pledged Collateral in which the Pledgor obtains 
rights after the date hereof, will be, a perfected, first priority Lien. 
All action necessary or desirable to perfect and protect such Lien has been 
duly taken, except for the Collateral Agents having possession of 
certificates, instruments and cash constituting Pledged Collateral after 
the date hereof.

               (j) The partnership interests or membership interests of 
each Pledged Issuer are (i) securities for purposes of Article 8 of the 
UCC, (iii) investment company securities within the meaning of Section 
8-103 of the UCC and (iii) evidenced by a certificate.

               (k) The pledge of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this 
Agreement does not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          SECTION 6. Covenants as to the Pledged Collateral. So long as any 
of the Obligations shall remain outstanding or prior to the termination of 
all Commitments, the Pledgor will, unless the Collateral Agent shall 
otherwise consent in writing:

               (a) keep adequate records concerning the Pledged Collateral 
and permit the Collateral Agent or any agents, designees or representatives 
thereof at any time or from time to time to examine and make copies of and 
abstracts from such records consistent with the terms of the Financing 
Agreement;

               (b) at the Pledgors expense, promptly deliver to the 
Collateral Agent a copy of each notice or other communication received by 
it in respect of the Pledged Collateral;

               (c) at the Pledgors expense, defend the Collateral Agents 
right, title and security interest in and to the Pledged Collateral against 
the claims of any Person;

               (d) at the Pledgors expense, at any time and from time to 
time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents 
and take all further action that may be necessary or desirable or that the 
Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to (i) perfect and 
protect, or maintain the perfection of, the security interest and Lien 
created hereby, (ii) enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce 
its rights and remedies hereunder in respect of the Pledged Collateral or 
(iii) otherwise effect the purposes of this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, delivering to the Collateral Agent irrevocable proxies in 
respect of the Pledged Collateral;

               (e) not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise), 
exchange or otherwise dispose of any Pledged Collateral or any interest 
therein except as expressly permitted by Section 7.02(c) of the Financing 
Agreement;

               (f) not create or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with 
respect to any Pledged Collateral except for the Lien created hereby;

               (g) not make or consent to any amendment or other 
modification or waiver with respect to any Pledged Collateral or enter into 
any agreement or permit to exist any restriction with respect to any 
Pledged Collateral other than pursuant to the Loan Documents;

               (h) not vote in favor of the issuance of (i) any additional 
shares of any class of Equity Interests of each Pledged Issuer, (ii) any 
securities convertible voluntarily by the holder thereof or automatically 
upon the occurrence or non occurrence of any event or condition into, or 
exchangeable for, any such shares of Equity Interests or (iii) any 
warrants, options, contracts or other commitments entitling any Person to 
purchase or otherwise acquire any such shares of Equity Interests, except 
in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), to the extent any such issuance 
is expressly permitted by the Financing Agreement;

               (i) not take or fail to take any action which would in any 
manner impair the value of or the enforceability of the Collateral Agents 
security interest in and Lien on any Pledged Collateral; and

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (j) cause each interest in each Pledged Issuer controlled by 
the Pledgor and pledged hereunder to be (i) represented by a certificate, 
(ii) deemed a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC and 
(iii) governed by Article 8 of the UCC.

          SECTION 7. Voting Rights, Dividends, Etc. in Respect of the 
Pledged Collateral.

               (a) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing:

                    (i) the Pledgor may exercise any and all voting and 
other consensual rights pertaining to any Pledged Collateral for any 
purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the Financing 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that (A) the 
Pledgor will not exercise or will refrain from exercising any such right, 
as the case may be, if the Collateral Agent gives the Pledgor notice that, 
in the Collateral Agents judgment, such action (or inaction) is reasonably 
likely to have a material adverse effect to the Pledgors financial 
condition and (B) the Pledgor will give the Collateral Agent at least five 
(5) Business Days notice of the manner in which it intends to exercise, or 
the reasons for refraining from exercising, any such right which is 
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect to the Pledgors 
financial condition;

                    (ii) the Pledgor may receive and retain any and all 
dividends, interest or other distributions or payments in respect of the 
Pledged Collateral to the extent permitted by the Financing Agreement; 
provided, however, that any and all (A) dividends and interest paid or 
payable other than in cash in respect of, and instruments and other 
property received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in 
exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, (B) dividends and other distributions 
paid or payable in cash in respect of any Pledged Collateral in connection 
with a partial or total liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a 
reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus, and (C) cash 
paid, payable or otherwise distributed in redemption of, or in exchange 
for, any Pledged Collateral, together with any dividend, interest or other 
distribution or payment which at the time of such payment was not permitted 
by the Financing Agreement, shall be, and shall forthwith be delivered to 
the Collateral Agent, if such Collateral constitutes certificated Pledged 
Collateral, to hold as, Pledged Collateral and shall, if received by the 
Pledgor, be received in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, 
shall be segregated from the other property or funds of the Pledgor, and 
shall be forthwith delivered to the Collateral Agent in the exact form 
received with any necessary endorsement and/or appropriate stock powers 
duly executed in blank, to be held by the Collateral Agent as Pledged 
Collateral and as further collateral security for the Obligations; and

                    (iii) the Collateral Agent will execute and deliver (or 
cause to be executed and delivered) to the Pledgor all such proxies and 
other instruments as the Pledgor may reasonably request for the purpose of 
enabling the Pledgor to exercise the voting and other rights which it is 
entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) hereof and to receive the 
dividends, interest and/or other distributions which it is authorized to 
receive and retain pursuant to Section 7(a)(ii) hereof.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default:

                    (i) all rights of the Pledgor to exercise the voting 
and other rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant 
to Section 7(a)(i) hereof, and to receive the dividends, distributions, 
interest and other payments which it would otherwise be authorized to 
receive and retain pursuant to Section 7(a)(ii) hereof, shall cease, and 
all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Collateral Agent which 
shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other 
consensual rights and to receive and hold as Pledged Collateral such 
dividends and interest payments;

                    (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
the Collateral Agent may, at its option exercise any and all rights of 
conversion, exchange, subscription or any other rights, privileges or 
options pertaining to any of the Pledged Collateral as if it were the 
absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, the right to 
exchange, in its discretion, any and all of the Pledged Collateral upon the 
merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or other adjustment 
of each Pledged Issuer, or upon the exercise by each Pledged Issuer of any 
right, privilege or option pertaining to any Pledged Collateral, and, in 
connection therewith, to deposit and deliver any and all of the Pledged 
Collateral with any committee, depository, transfer agent, registrar or 
other designated agent upon such terms and conditions as it may determine; 
and

                    (iii) all dividends, distributions, interest and other 
payments which are received by the Pledgor contrary to the provisions of 
Section 7(b)(i) hereof shall be received in trust for the benefit of the 
Collateral Agent shall be segregated from other funds of the Pledgor, and 
shall be forthwith paid over to the Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral 
in the exact form received with any necessary endorsement and/or 
appropriate stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the 
Collateral Agent as Pledged Collateral and as further collateral security 
for the Obligations.

          SECTION 8. Additional Provisions Concerning the Pledged 
Collateral.

          (a) To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and for 
the purpose of taking any action which the Agent may deem necessary or 
advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, the Pledgor (i) 
authorizes the Collateral Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments 
or other documents in the Pledgors name and to file such agreements, 
instruments or other documents in the Pledgors name and to file such 
agreements, instruments, or other documents in any appropriate filing 
office (ii) authorizes the Collateral Agent to file any financing 
statements required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any 
continuation statements or amendment with respect thereto, in any 
appropriate filing office without the signature of the Pledgor and (iii) 
ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation 
statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of 
the Pledgor prior to the date hereof A photocopy or other reproduction of 
this Agreement or any financing statement covering the Pledged Collateral 
or any part thereof shall be sufficient as a financing statement where 
permitted by law.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (b) The Pledgor hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral 
Agent as the Pledgors attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full authority in 
the place and stead of the Pledgor and in the name of the Pledgor or 
otherwise, from time to time in the Collateral Agents discretion, to take 
any action and to execute any instrument which the Collateral Agent may 
deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement 
(subject to the rights of the Pledgor under Section 7(a) hereof), 
including, without limitation, to receive, endorse and collect all 
instruments made payable to the Pledgor representing any dividend, 
interest, distribution or other payment in respect of any Pledged 
Collateral and to give full discharge for the same. This power is coupled 
with an interest and is irrevocable until all of the Obligations are 
indefeasibly paid in full after all Commitments have been terminated.

               (c) If the Pledgor fails to perform any agreement or 
obligation contained herein, the Collateral Agent itself may perform, or 
cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, and the expenses of the 
Collateral Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the 
Pledgor pursuant to Section 10 hereof and shall be secured by the Pledged 
Collateral.

               (d) Other than the exercise of reasonable care to assure the 
safe custody of the Pledged Collateral while held hereunder, the Collateral 
Agent shall have no duty or liability to preserve rights pertaining thereto 
and shall be relieved of all responsibility for the Pledged Collateral upon 
surrendering it or tendering surrender of it to the Pledgor. The Collateral 
Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and 
preservation of the Pledged Collateral in its possession if the Pledged 
Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which the 
Collateral Agent accords its own property, it being understood that the 
Collateral Agent shall not have responsibility for (i) ascertaining or 
taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, 
tenders or other matters relating to any Pledged Collateral, whether or not 
the Collateral Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or 
(ii) taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against any parties with 
respect to any Pledged Collateral.

               (e) The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder 
are solely to protect its interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall not 
impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent to exercise any such powers. 
Except for the safe custody of any Pledged Collateral in its possession and 
the accounting for monies actually received by it hereunder, the Collateral 
Agent shall have no duty as to any Pledged Collateral or as to the taking 
of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any 
other rights pertaining to any Pledged Collateral.

               (f) The Collateral Agent may at any time in its discretion 
(i) without notice to the Pledgor, transfer or register in the name of the 
Collateral Agent or any of its nominees any or all of the Pledged 
Collateral, subject only to the revocable rights of such Pledgor under 
Section 7(a) hereof, and (ii) exchange certificates or instruments 
constituting Pledged Collateral for certificates or instruments of smaller 
or larger denominations.

          SECTION 9. Remedies Upon Default. If any Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing:

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (a) The Collateral Agent may exercise in respect of the 
Pledged Collateral, in addition to any other rights and remedies provided 
for herein or otherwise available to it, all of the rights and remedies of 
a secured party upon default under the Code then in effect in the State of 
New York; and without limiting the generality of the foregoing and without 
notice except as specified below, sell the Pledged Collateral or any part 
thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any exchange 
or brokers board or elsewhere, at such price or prices and on such other 
terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable. The Pledgor 
agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at 
least five (5) days notice to the Pledgor of the time and place of any 
public sale of Pledged Collateral owned by the Pledgor or the time after 
which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable 
notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale 
of Pledged Collateral regardless of whether or not notice of sale has been 
given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from 
time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such 
sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it 
was so adjourned.

               (b) In the event that the Collateral Agent determines to 
exercise its right to sell all or any part of the Pledged Collateral 
pursuant to Section 9(a) hereof, the Pledgor will, upon request by the 
Collateral Agent: (i) execute and deliver, and vote in favor of causing the 
issuer of the Pledged Collateral and the directors and officers thereof to 
execute and deliver, all such instruments and documents, and do or cause to 
be done all such other acts and things, as may be necessary or, in the 
opinion of the Collateral Agent, advisable to register the Pledged 
Collateral under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), and to cause the registration statement relating 
thereto to become effective and to remain effective for such period as 
prospectuses are required by law to be furnished, and to make all 
amendments and supplements thereto and to the related prospectus which, in 
the opinion of the Collateral Agent, are necessary or advisable, all in 
conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable thereto, 
(ii) vote in favor of causing the issuer of the Pledged Collateral to 
qualify the Pledged Collateral under the state securities or Blue Sky 
laws of each jurisdiction, and to obtain all necessary governmental 
approvals for the sale of the Pledged Collateral, as requested by the 
Collateral Agent, (iii) vote in favor of causing each Pledged Issuer to 
make available to its securityholders, as soon as practicable, an earnings 
statement which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the 
Securities Act, and (iv) do or cause to be done all such other acts and 
things within its power as may be necessary to make such sale of the 
Pledged Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any applicable 
law.

               (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9(b) hereof, 
the Pledgor recognizes that the Collateral Agent may deem it impracticable 
to effect a public sale of all or any part of the Pledged Shares or any 
other securities constituting Pledged Collateral and that the Collateral 
Agent may, therefore, determine to make one or more private sales of any 
such securities to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated 
to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities for their own 
account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale 
thereof. The Pledgor acknowledges that any such private sale may be at 
prices and on terms less favorable to the seller than the prices and other 
terms which might have been obtained at a public sale and, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, agrees that such private sales shall be deemed to have been 
made in a commercially reasonable manner and that the Collateral

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agent shall have no obligation to delay the sale of any such securities for 
the period of time necessary to permit the issuer of such securities to 
register such securities for public sale under the Securities Act. The 
Pledgor further acknowledges and agrees that any offer to sell such 
securities which has been (i) publicly advertised on a bona fide basis in a 
newspaper or other publication of general circulation in the financial 
community of New York, New York (to the extent that such an offer may be so 
advertised without prior registration under the Securities Act) or (ii) 
made privately in the manner described above to not less than fifteen bona 
fide offerees shall be deemed to involve a public disposition for the 
purposes of Section 9-610(c) of the Code (or any successor or similar, 
applicable statutory provision) as then in effect in the State of New York, 
notwithstanding that such sale may not constitute a public offering under 
the Securities Act, and that the Collateral Agent may, in such event, bid 
for the purchase of such securities.

               (d) Any cash held by the Collateral Agent as Pledged 
Collateral and all cash proceeds received by the Collateral Agent in 
respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, all or 
any part of the Pledged Collateral may, in the discretion of the Collateral 
Agent, be held by the Collateral Agent as collateral for, and/or then or at 
any time thereafter applied (after payment of any amounts payable to the 
Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 10 hereof) in whole or in part by the 
Collateral Agent against, all or any part of the Obligations in such order 
as the Collateral Agent shall elect consistent with the provisions of the 
Financing Agreement. Any surplus of such cash or cash proceeds held by the 
Collateral Agent and remaining after indefeasible payment in full of all of 
the Obligations after all Commitments have been terminated shall be paid 
over to the Pledgor or to such Person as may be lawfully entitled to 
receive such surplus.

               (e) In the event that the proceeds of any such sale, 
collection or realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the 
Agents and the Lenders are legally entitled, the Pledgor shall be liable 
for the deficiency, together with interest thereon at the highest rate 
specified in the Financing Agreement for interest on overdue principal 
thereof or such other rate as shall be fixed by applicable law, together 
with the costs of collection and the fees, costs and expenses and other 
client charges of any attorneys employed by the Collateral Agent to collect 
such deficiency.

          SECTION 10. Indemnity and Expenses.

               (a) The Pledgor agrees to defend, protect, indemnify and 
hold harmless each Agent and each Lender (and all of their respective 
officers, directors, employees, attorneys, consultants and agents) from and 
against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities obligations, 
penalties, fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal 
fees, costs and expenses of counsel) to the extent that they arise out of 
or otherwise result from the enforcement of this Agreement, except, as to 
any such indemnified Person, claims, losses or liabilities resulting solely 
and directly from such Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct as 
determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

               (b) The Pledgor agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent upon 
demand the amount of any and all costs and expenses, including the fees, 
costs, expenses and disbursements of the Collateral Agents counsel and of 
any experts and agents, which the Collateral Agent may

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

incur in connection with (i) the amendment, waiver or other modification or 
termination of this Agreement, (ii) the custody, preservation, use or 
operation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, 
any Pledged Collateral, (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the 
rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder, or (iv) the failure by the 
Pledgor to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof.

          SECTION 11. Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications 
provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed (by 
certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested), telecopied 
or delivered, if to the Pledgor, to the Pledgor as specified next to such 
Pledgors signature below; if to the Borrower, at its address specified in 
Section 12.01 of the Financing Agreement; or if to the Collateral Agent, to 
it at its address specified in Section 12.01 of the Financing Agreement; or 
as to any such Person at such other address as shall be designated by such 
Person in a written notice to such other Person complying as to delivery 
with the terms of this Section 11. All such notices and other 
communications shall be effective (i) if mailed (certified mail, postage 
prepaid and return receipt requested), when received or three (3) days 
after deposited in the mails, whichever occurs first, (ii) if telecopied, 
when transmitted and confirmation received, or (iii) if delivered by hand, 
Federal Express or other reputable overnight courier, upon delivery.

          SECTION 12. Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Agents 
and the Lenders, all Liens and all obligations of the Pledgor hereunder 
shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: (i) any lack of 
validity or enforceability of the Financing Agreement or any other 
agreement or instrument relating thereto, (ii) any change in the time, 
manner or place of payment of, or in any other term in respect of, all or 
any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or consent to 
any departure from the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
(iii) any exchange or release of, or non-perfection of any Lien on any 
Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to 
departure from any Guaranty, for all or any of the Obligations, or (iv) any 
other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, 
or a discharge of, the Pledgor in respect of the Obligations. All 
authorizations and agencies contained herein with respect to any of the 
Pledged Collateral are irrevocable and powers coupled with an interest.

          SECTION 13. Miscellaneous.

               (a) No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be 
effective unless it is in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent, and 
no waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any 
departure the Pledgor therefrom, shall be effective unless it is in writing 
and signed by the Collateral Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall 
be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for 
which given.

               (b) No failure on the part of any Agent or any Lender to 
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Loan 
Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof 
or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Agents 
and the Lenders provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are 
cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies provided by law. The rights of the

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agents and the Lenders under the applicable Loan Document against any party 
thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by the Agents or 
the Lenders to exercise any of their rights under any other document 
against such party or against any other Person, including but not limited 
to, the Pledgor.

               (c) Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining portions hereof or thereof or affecting the 
validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

               (d) This Agreement shall create a continuing security 
interest in and Lien on the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) remain in full 
force and effect until the indefeasible payment in full or release of the 
Obligations after the termination of all of the Commitments and (ii) be 
binding on each Pledgor and, by its acceptance hereof, the Collateral 
Agent, and its respective successors and assigns, and shall inure, together 
with all rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders hereunder, to 
the benefit of each of the Agents and the Lenders and their respective 
successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of 
clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, without notice to the 
Pledgor, the Agents and the Lenders may assign or otherwise transfer their 
respective rights and obligations under this Agreement and any other Loan 
Document to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become 
vested with all of the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Agents 
and the Lenders herein or otherwise. Upon any such assignment or transfer, 
all references in this Agreement to any such Agent or Lender shall mean the 
assignee of such Agent or Lender. None of the rights or obligations of the 
Pledgor hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred without the 
prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, and any such assignment or 
transfer shall be null and void.

               (e) Upon the satisfaction in full of the Obligations after 
the termination of all of the Commitments (i) this Agreement and the 
security interest and Lien created hereby shall terminate and all rights to 
the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the Pledgor, and (ii) the Collateral 
Agent will, upon the Pledgors request and at the Pledgors expense, (A) 
return to the Pledgor such of the Pledged Collateral as shall not have been 
sold or otherwise disposed of or applied pursuant to the terms hereof, and 
(B) execute and deliver to the Pledgor, without recourse, representation or 
warranty, such documents as the Pledgor shall reasonably request to 
evidence such termination.

               (f) This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall 
constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart 
of this Agreement by telefacsimile or electronic mail shall be equally as 
effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this 
Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement 
by telefacsimile or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed 
counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original 
executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and 
binding effect of this Agreement.

               (g) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the law of the State of New York, except as required by 
mandatory provisions of law and

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

except to the extent that the validity and perfection or the perfection and 
the effect of perfection or non-perfection of the security interest and 
Lien created hereby, or remedies hereunder, in respect of any particular 
Pledged Collateral are governed by the law of a jurisdiction other than the 
State of New York.

               (h) ANY LEGAL ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO 
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS 
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS 
THEREOF, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE PLEDGOR 
HEREBY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. THE PLEDGOR 
HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY OBJECTION TO THE 
LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT 
MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR 
PROCEEDING IN SUCH RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS AND CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF 
SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY THE COURT.

               (i) THE PLEDGOR AND (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS OF 
THIS AGREEMENT) THE COLLATERAL AGENT WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL 
BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF 
CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, VERBAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENT OR OTHER ACTION OF 
THE PARTIES HERETO.


[signature page follows]

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgor has caused this Agreement to be 
executed and delivered on the date first above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	PLEDGOR:

IMPERIAL PREMIUM FINANCE, LLC
  	 
  	By:   	Imperial Holdings, LLC, its managing member   	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	 /s/ Jonathan Neuman   	 
  	  	Name:   	Jonathan Neuman  	 
  	  	Title:   	President  	 
 
  	Address:

701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite 301
Boca Raton, Florida 33487
Telecopy No.: (561) 995-4203
  	 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO INDIVIDUAL GUARANTEE SECURITY AGREEMENT]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE I
TO
GUARANTOR SECURITY AGREEMENT


Pledged Shares
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Pledgor 	  	Name of Issuer 	  	Number of Shares 	  	Class 	  	Certificate 
Number
Imperial Premium
Finance, LLC
  	Imperial PFC
Financing II, LLC 	  	  	100 	  	  	Common 	  	  	1 	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE II

TO

GUARANTOR SECURITY AGREEMENT

Part A

Current Names and Addresses of Pledgor
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Exact Name 	  	Address 	  	City 	  	State 	  	Zip Code
Imperial Premium
Finance, LLC
  	701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite 301 	  	Boca Raton 	  	Florida 	  	  	
33487 	 


Part B

Names and Addresses of Pledgor Used During Last Five Years
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Exact Name 	  	Address 	  	City 	  	State 	  	Zip Code
Imperial Premium
Finance, LLC
  	701 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite 301 	  	Boca Raton 	  	Florida 	  	  	
33487 	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE III

TO

GUARANTOR SECURITY AGREEMENT

Filing Offices
  	  	 
Name 	  	Filing Office
  	  	 
Florida 	  	Florida Security Transaction Registry

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ANNEX I

TO

GUARANTOR SECURITY AGREEMENT

PLEDGE AMENDMENT

          This Pledge Amendment, dated                     , is delivered 
pursuant to Section 4 of the Pledge and Security Agreement referred to 
below. The undersigned hereby agrees that this Pledge Amendment may be 
attached to the Guarantor Security Agreement, dated as of                   
  , 2009, as it may heretofore have been or hereafter may be amended or 
otherwise modified or supplemented from time to time (the Pledge and 
Security Agreement) and that the shares listed on this Pledge Amendment 
shall be hereby pledged and assigned to the Collateral Agent and become 
part of the Pledged Collateral referred to in such Pledge and Security 
Agreement and shall secure all of the Obligations referred to in such 
Pledge and Security Agreement.

          Pledged Shares
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	Number of 	  	  	  	Certificate
Pledgor 	  	Name of Issuer 	  	Shares 	  	Class 	  	Number(s)
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	[PLEDGOR]
  	 
  	By:   	  	 
  	  	Name:   	  	 
  	  	Title:   	  	 
 

 