 EX-10.7 3 a2200168zex-10_7.htm EX-10.7
EXHIBIT 10.7
 
Tyco Electronics Ltd.
2007 Stock and Incentive Plan
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF
OPTION AWARD
 
OPTION AWARD made as of                                         ,           
.
 
1.             Grant of Option.  Tyco Electronics Ltd. (the Company) has 
granted you an Option to purchase                Shares of Common Stock, 
subject to the provisions of this Award Agreement.  This Option is a 
Non-Qualified Option.
 
2.             Exercise Price.  The purchase price of the Shares covered by 
the Option is $    .    .
 
3.             Vesting.  The Option will become exercisable in equal 
installments over four years beginning on the first anniversary of the 
grant date.  If you terminate employment before full vesting, you will 
forfeit the unvested portion of the Option and, subject to Section 12, you 
may exercise the vested portion of the Option until the earlier of (a) the 
date described in Section 4 below, or (b) 90 days after your Termination of 
Employment.  However, if your Termination of Employment is as a result of 
your Retirement (Termination of Employment on or after age 55 and 
completion of five years of service), Death, Disability, Change in Control, 
or Divestiture or Outsourcing Agreement, this Option will become vested and 
be exercisable in accordance with the provisions of Section 5, 6 or 7, as 
applicable.
 
4.             Term of Option.  Unless the Option has been terminated or 
cancelled, the Option must be exercised before the close of the New York 
Stock Exchange (NYSE) on the day of the 10th anniversary of the Grant 
Date.  If the NYSE is not open for business on the expiration date 
specified, the Option will expire at the close of the NYSEs prior business 
day.
 
5.             Retirement, Disability or Death.  Notwithstanding the 
vesting and exercise provisions described in Section 3, the Option will 
vest and remain exercisable as set forth below (or as set forth in 
paragraph 6 or 7, as applicable), in the event of Retirement (as defined in 
paragraph 3), Disability or Death, subject however, to Section 12:
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Event
 
Vesting
 
Exercise
Retirement (as defined in paragraph 3)
 
Unvested Awards are forfeited if you retire from active employment less 
than 12 months after Grant Date. On or after the 1st anniversary of Grant 
Date, a pro rata portion of the Unvested Awards (rounded down to the 
nearest share in full month increments), as determined based on the portion 
of the four year vesting term that you have completed prior to Termination 
(with an offset for shares previously vested) shall become exercisable upon 
the earlier of the normal vesting schedule (as listed in Section 3) or your 
Retirement.
 
Vested Awards expire on the earlier of (i) original expiration date 
described in Section 4, or (ii) 3 years after Retirement.
 
 
 
 
 
Disability or Death
 
Unvested Awards become fully vested as of the Date of Termination
 
Vested Awards expire earlier of (i) original expiration date described in 
Section 4, or (ii) 3 years after Termination of Employment.
 
6.             Change in Control.   Notwithstanding the vesting and 
exercise provisions described in Section 3, and subject to Section 5.4 of 
the Plan, if your employment is terminated following a Change in Control, 
as defined in the Plan, your Option will immediately become fully vested, 
and you will be entitled to exercise the Option until the earlier of (x) 
the original expiration date described in Section 4 or (y) the third 
anniversary of your Termination of Employment, provided that:
 
(a) your employment is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary for any 
reason other than Cause, Disability or death in the twelve-month period 
following the Change in Control; or
 
(b) you terminate your employment with the Company or your employing 
Subsidiary within the twelve-month period following the Change in Control 
as a result of, and within 180 days following, the occurrence of one of the 
following events:
 
        i.      the Company or your employing Subsidiary (1) assigns or
        causes to be assigned
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        to you duties inconsistent in any material respect with your
        position as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control;
        (2) makes or causes to be made any material adverse change in your
        position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or (3) takes or
        causes to be taken any other action which, in your reasonable
        judgment, would cause you to violate your ethical or professional
        obligations (after written notice of such judgment has been
        provided by you to the Company and the Company has been given a
        15-day period within which to cure such action), or which results
        in a significant diminution in such position, authority, duties or
        responsibilities; or
         
        ii.     the Company or your employing subsidiary, without your
        consent, (1) requires you to relocate to a principal place of
        employment more than fifty (50) miles from your existing place of
        employment; or (2) reduces your base salary, annual bonus, or
        retirement, welfare, stock incentive, perquisite (if any) and other
        benefits taken as a whole.
         
7.             Termination of Employment as a Result of Divestiture or 
Outsourcing.  Notwithstanding the vesting and exercise provisions described 
in Section 3, and subject to Section 12, if your Termination of Employment 
is as a result of a Disposition of Assets, Disposition of a Subsidiary or 
Outsourcing Agreement, your Option Award will vest on a pro-rata basis 
(rounded down to the nearest share in full month increments)based on (i) 
the number of whole months completed from Grant Date through the closing 
date of the applicable transaction over the original number of months of 
the vesting period, times (ii) the total number of shares awarded under the 
Option minus (iii) the number of shares previously vested. The vested 
portion of your Option Award will expire on the earlier of the original 
expiration date of the Award described in Section 4 or three (3) years 
after the date of your Termination of Employment.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be eligible for such pro-rata 
vesting and extended expiration date if, (i) your Termination of Employment 
occurs on or prior to the closing date of such Disposition of Assets or 
Disposition of a Subsidiary, as applicable, or on such later date as is 
specifically provided in the applicable transaction agreement or related 
agreements, or on the effective date of such Outsourcing Agreement 
applicable to you (the Applicable Employment Date), and (ii) you are 
offered Comparable Employment with the buyer, successor company or 
outsourcing agent, as applicable, but do not commence such employment on 
the Applicable Employment Date.
 
For purposes of this section 7, (i) Comparable Employment is defined as 
employment at a base salary rate and bonus target that is at least equal to 
the base salary rate and bonus target in effect immediately prior to your 
termination of employment and at a location that is no more than 50 miles 
from your job location in effect immediately prior to your termination of 
employment; (ii) Disposition of Assets shall mean the disposition by the 
Company or a Subsidiary of all or a portion of the assets used by the 
Company or Subsidiary in a trade or business to an unrelated corporation or 
entity; (iii) Disposition of a Subsidiary shall mean the disposition by 
the Company or a Subsidiary of its interest in a subsidiary or controlled 
entity to an unrelated individual or entity, provided that such subsidiary 
or entity ceases to be an affiliated company as a result of such 
disposition; and (iv) Outsourcing Agreement shall mean a written 
agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and an unrelated third party 
(Outsourcing
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agent) pursuant to which (a) the Company transfers the performance of 
services previously performed by employees of the Company or Subsidiary to 
the Outsourcing Agent, and (b) the Outsourcing Agreement includes an 
obligation of the Outsourcing Agent to offer employment to any employee 
whose employment is being terminated as a result of or in connection with 
said Outsourcing Agreement.
 
8.             Payment of Exercise Price.  To exercise the Option, you must 
pay the Exercise Price for each Share.  You may pay the Exercise Price in 
cash, or by certified check, bank draft, wire transfer or postal or express 
money order.  You may also pay the Exercise Price by using one or more of 
the following methods: (i) delivering to the Company or its agent a 
properly executed exercise notice, together with irrevocable instructions 
to a broker to deliver promptly (within the typical settlement cycle for 
the sale of equity securities on the relevant trading market, or otherwise 
in accordance with Regulation T issued by the Federal Reserve Board) to the 
Company sale or loan proceeds adequate to satisfy the portion of the 
Exercise Price being so paid; (ii) if expressly approved by the Committee, 
tendering to the Company (by physical delivery or attestation) or its agent 
certificates of Common Stock that you have held for six (6) months or 
longer (unless the Committee, in its discretion, waives this 6-month 
period) and that have an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the day prior to 
the date of exercise equal to the portion of the Exercise Price and any 
applicable taxes being so paid; or (iii) if such form of payment is 
expressly authorized by Board or Committee, instructing the Company to 
withhold Shares that would otherwise be issued were the Exercise Price to 
be paid in cash and that have an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the date 
of exercise equal to the portion of the Exercise Price and any applicable 
taxes being so paid.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not tender any 
form of payment that the Company determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, could violate any law or regulation.  You are not required to 
purchase all Shares subject to the Option at one time, but you must pay the 
full Exercise Price for all Shares that you elect to purchase before they 
will be delivered.
 
9.             Exercise of Option.  Subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Award Agreement, the Option may be exercised by contacting UBS 
Financial Services Inc. at 877-461-7802 if calling from within the U.S. or 
001-201-272-7684 if calling from outside the U.S., or such other stock 
option administrator as is selected by the Company.  If the Option is 
exercised after your death, the Company will deliver Shares only after the 
Committee or its designee has determined that the person exercising the 
Option is the duly appointed executor or administrator of your estate or 
the person to whom the Option has been transferred by your will or by the 
applicable laws of descent and distribution.
 
10.           Responsibility for Taxes.  Regardless of any action the 
Company or your employer (the Employer) takes with respect to any or all 
income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other 
tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally 
applicable to you (Tax-Related Items), by accepting the Award, you 
acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and 
remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by 
the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company 
and/or the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to 
structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Stock Option to 
reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any 
particular tax result.  Further, if you have become subject to tax in more 
than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any 
relevant taxable event,
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, 
as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items 
in more than one jurisdiction.
 
Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you 
will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or 
the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.  In this regard, you 
authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at 
their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related 
Items by one or a combination of the following:
 
        (1)           withholding from your wages or other cash
        compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer; or
         
        (2)           withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares
        acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option either through a
        voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company
        (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization).
         
To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company may withhold or account 
for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory 
withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates.
 
Finally, you shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of 
Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to 
withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that 
cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may 
refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares 
if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the 
Tax-Related Items.
 
11.           Transfer of Option.  You may not transfer the Option or any 
interest in the Option except by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may transfer the Option 
to members of your immediate family or to one or more trusts for the 
benefit of family members or to one or more partnerships in which the 
family members are the only partners, provided that (i) you do not receive 
any consideration for the transfer, (ii) you furnish the Committee or its 
designee with detailed written notice of the transfer at least three (3) 
business days in advance, and (iii) the Committee or its designee consents 
in writing.  For this purpose, family member means any spouse, children, 
grandchildren, parents, grandparents, siblings, nieces, nephews and 
grandnieces and grandnephews, including adopted, in-laws and step family 
members.  Any Option transferred pursuant to this provision will continue 
to be subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the 
Option immediately prior to transfer.  The Option may be exercised by the 
transferee only to the same extent that you could have exercised the Option 
had no transfer occurred.
 
12.           Covenant; Forfeiture of Award; Agreement to Reimburse 
Company.
 
(a)           If you have been terminated for Cause, including without 
limitation a termination as a result of your violation of the Companys 
Code of Ethical Conduct, any outstanding vested or unvested stock options 
shall be immediately rescinded and you will forfeit any rights you have 
with respect to those options and, in addition, you hereby agree and 
promise immediately to deliver to the Company, Shares (or, in the 
discretion of the Committee, cash) equal in value to the amount of any 
profit you realized upon an exercise of the Option during the
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
period beginning six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment and 
ending on your Termination of Employment.
 
(b)           If, after your Termination of Employment, the Committee 
determines in its sole discretion that while you were a Company or 
Subsidiary employee you engaged in activity that would have constituted 
grounds for the Company or Subsidiary to terminate your employment for 
Cause, then the Company will immediately rescind the unvested portion of 
your Option and any vested but unexercised portion of the Option and you 
will immediately forfeit any and all rights you have remaining on the date 
the Committee makes such determination with respect to the Option.  In 
addition, you hereby agree and promise immediately to deliver to the 
Company the number of Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the 
cash value of said shares) equal in value to the amount of any profit you 
realized upon the exercise of any portion of the Option during the period 
six (6) months prior to your Termination of Employment through the date of 
the Committees determination.
 
(c)           If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that at 
anytime after your Termination of Employment and prior to the second 
anniversary of your Termination of Employment you (i) disclosed business 
confidential or proprietary information related to any business of the 
Company or Subsidiary or (ii) have entered into an employment or 
consultation arrangement (including any arrangement for employment or 
service as an agent, partner, stockholder, consultant, officer or director) 
with any entity or person engaged in a business and (a) such employment or 
consultation arrangement would likely (in the sole judgment of the 
Committee) result in the disclosure of business confidential or proprietary 
information related to any business of the Company or a Subsidiary to a 
business that is competitive with any Company or Subsidiary business as to 
which you have had access to business strategic or confidential 
information, and (b) the Committee has not approved the arrangement in 
writing, then any Option that you have not exercised (whether vested or 
unvested) will immediately be rescinded, and you will forfeit any rights 
you have with respect to these Options as of the date of the Committees 
determination.  In addition, you hereby agree and promise immediately to 
deliver to the Company, Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, 
cash) equal in value to the amount of any profit you realized upon an 
exercise of the Option during the period beginning six (6) months prior to 
your Termination of Employment and ending on the Committees determination 
date.
 
13.           Adjustments.  In the event of any stock split, reverse stock 
split, dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, 
other securities or other property), extraordinary cash dividend, 
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, 
reorganization, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other 
securities, the issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or 
other securities, or other similar corporate transaction or event, the 
Committee shall adjust the number and kind of Shares covered by the Option, 
the Exercise Price and other relevant provisions to the extent necessary to 
prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits 
intended to be provided by the Option.
 
14.           Restrictions on Exercise.  Exercise of the Option is subject 
to the conditions that, to the extent required at the time of exercise, (a) 
the Shares covered by the Option will be duly listed, upon official notice 
of issuance, upon the NYSE, and (b) a Registration Statement under
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to the Shares will be effective or 
an exemption from registration will apply.  The Company will not be 
required to deliver any Common Stock until all applicable federal and state 
laws and regulations have been complied with and all legal matters in 
connection with the issuance and delivery of the Shares have been approved 
by counsel of the Company.  Notwithstanding this Statement of Terms and 
Conditions, Optionee may exercise the Option only pursuant to the 
broker-assisted cashless exercise method described in Section 5(i) of 
this Statement of Terms and conditions if so restricted by local law at the 
time of exercise.
 
15.           Disposition of Securities.  By accepting the Award, you 
acknowledge that you have read and understand the Companys Insider Trading 
Policy, and are aware of and understand your obligations under federal 
securities laws with respect to trading in the Companys securities, and 
you agree not to use the Companys cashless exercise program (or any 
successor program) at any time when you possess material nonpublic 
information with respect to the Company or when using the program would 
otherwise result in a violation of securities law.  The Company will have 
the right to recover, or receive reimbursement for, any compensation or 
profit realized on the exercise of the Option or by the disposition of 
Shares received upon exercise of the Option to the extent that the Company 
has a right of recovery or reimbursement under applicable securities laws.
 
16.           Plan Terms Govern.  The exercise of the Option, the 
disposition of any Shares received upon exercise of the Option, and the 
treatment of any gain on the disposition of these Shares are subject to the 
terms of the Plan and any rules that the Committee may prescribe.  The Plan 
document, as may be amended from time to time, is incorporated into this 
Award Agreement.  Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement have the 
meaning set forth in the Plan, unless otherwise stated in this Award 
Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and 
the terms of this Award Agreement, the Plan will control.  By accepting the 
Award, you acknowledge receipt of the Plan, as in effect on the date of 
this Award Agreement.
 
17.           Data Privacy.  By accepting the Award, you hereby explicitly 
and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in 
electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award 
Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, your 
Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries (or former Subsidiaries as are 
deemed necessary) for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering 
and managing your participation in the Plan.
 
You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal 
information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home 
address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or 
other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or 
directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Option Awards or 
any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, 
unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of 
implementing, administering and managing the Plan (Data).
 
You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting 
the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the 
Plan.  You understand that these recipients of the Data may be located in 
the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the 
United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than 
your
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and 
addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local 
Human Resources Representative.  You authorize the Company and the 
recipients assisting the Company (presently or in the future) with 
implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, 
retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole 
purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in 
the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is 
necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the 
Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request 
additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require 
any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, 
in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local Human 
Resources Representative.  You understand, however, that refusing or 
withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the 
Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent 
or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local 
Human Resources Representative.
 
18.           Nature of Grant.  By accepting the Award, you acknowledge 
that:
 
(a)           the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is 
discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or 
terminated by the Company at any time;
 
(b)           the grant of the Stock Options is voluntary and occasional 
and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants 
of Stock Options, or benefits in lieu of Stock Options, even if Stock 
Options have been granted repeatedly in the past;
 
(c)           all decisions with respect to future Stock Options grants, if 
any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
 
(d)           your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to 
further employment with the Employer and shall not interfere with the 
ability of the Employer to terminate your employment relationship at any 
time;
 
(e)           you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
 
(f)            Stock Options Awards are extraordinary items that do not 
constitute part of your ordinary ongoing compensation;
 
(g)           Stock Options are not intended to replace any pension rights 
or compensation;
 
(h)           Stock Options are not part of normal or expected compensation 
or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any 
severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service 
payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare 
benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as 
compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, 
the Employer or any Subsidiary of  the Company;
 
(i)            the Stock Option grant and your participation in the Plan 
will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with 
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;
 
(j)            the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and 
cannot be predicted with certainty;
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(k)           in consideration of the grant of the Stock Option, no claim 
or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of 
the Stock Option resulting from termination of your employment with the 
Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in 
breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the 
Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to 
have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your 
entitlement to pursue such claim;
 
(l)           the Stock Option and the benefits under the Plan, if any, 
will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, 
take-over or transfer of liability;
 
    (n)          you have no rights as a stockholder of the Company
    pursuant to the Stock Option until you exercise the Option and Shares
    are actually delivered to you.
     
19.           No Advice Regarding Grant.  The Company is not providing any 
tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any 
recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, the exercise of 
your Stock Option or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares.  
You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and 
financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking 
any action related to the Plan.
 
20.           Language.  If you have received this Award Agreement or any 
other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than 
English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the 
English version, the English version will control.
 
21.           Electronic Delivery.  The Company may, in its sole 
discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future 
participation in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to 
receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in 
the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained 
by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
 
22.           Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the 
right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on 
the Stock Option Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the 
extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to 
comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to 
require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be 
necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
 
23.           Incorporation of Other Agreements.  This Award Agreement and 
the Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company 
regarding the Option.  This Award Agreement supersedes any prior 
agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Option.
 
24.           Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision of this Award Agreement will not affect the validity or 
enforceability of the other provisions of this Award Agreement, which will 
remain in full force and effect.  Moreover, if any provision is found to be 
excessively broad in duration, scope or covered activity, the provision 
will be construed so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible 
with applicable law.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
By accepting this Award, you agree to the following:
 
(i)            you have carefully read, fully understand and agree to all 
of the terms and conditions described in this Award Agreement and the Plan; 
and
 
(ii)           you understand and agree that this Award Agreement and the 
Plan constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company 
regarding the Option, and that any prior agreements, commitments or 
negotiations concerning the Option are replaced and superseded.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

