 EX-10.4 2 a2200168zex-10_4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4
EXHIBIT 10.4
 
TYCO ELECTRONICS LTD.
2007 STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLAN
(AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 29, 2010)
 
ARTICLE I
PURPOSE
 
1.1  Purpose.  The purposes of this Tyco Electronics Ltd. 2007 Stock and 
Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of September 29, 2010) (the Plan) 
are to promote the interests of Tyco Electronics Ltd. (and any successor 
thereto) by (i) aiding in the recruitment and retention of Directors and 
Employees, (ii) providing incentives to such Directors and Employees by 
means of performance-related incentives to achieve short-term and long-term 
performance goals, (iii) providing Directors and Employees an opportunity 
to participate in the growth and financial success of the Company, and (iv) 
promoting the growth and success of the Companys business by aligning the 
financial interests of Directors and Employees with that of the other 
stockholders of the Company. Toward these objectives, the Plan provides for 
the grant of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Annual Performance 
Bonuses, Long Term Performance Awards and other Stock-Based Awards.
 
1.2  Effective Dates; Shareholder Approval.  The Plan was originally 
effective June 29, 2007, the date of the dividend distribution of Tyco 
Electronics Ltd. shares to the Tyco International Ltd. shareholders of 
record on the distribution date. The Plan was approved by the Tyco 
Electronics Ltd. Board of Directors on June 4, 2007 and adopted by Tyco 
International Ltd., as the Companys sole shareholder, on June 4, 2007. An 
amendment and restatement to the Plan to ensure its compliance with Section 
409A of the Code and to make certain other clarifying changes was adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Company on January 13, 2009 and approved 
by the Companys shareholders on June 22, 2009. In order to provide for the 
issuance of additional shares under the Plan, an amended and restated Plan 
was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 17, 2009 
and was approved by the Companys shareholders on March 10, 2010.  The 
effective date of this amended and restated Plan is September 29, 2010.
 
ARTICLE II
DEFINITIONS
 
For purposes of the Plan, the following terms have the following meanings, 
unless another definition is clearly indicated by particular usage and 
context:
 
    Acquired Company means any business, corporation or other entity
    acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary.
     
    Acquired Grantee means the grantee of a stock-based award of an
    Acquired Company and may include a current or former Director of an
    Acquired Company.
     
    Annual Performance Bonus means an Award of cash or Shares granted
    under Section 4.4 of the Plan that is paid solely on account of the
    attainment of a specified performance target in relation to one or more
    Performance Measures.
     
    Award means any form of incentive or performance award granted under
    the Plan, whether singly or in combination, to a Participant by the
    Committee pursuant to any terms and conditions that the Committee may
    establish and set forth in the applicable Award Certificate. Awards
    granted under the Plan may consist of:
     
        (a) Stock Options awarded pursuant to Section 4.3;
         
        (b) Stock Appreciation Rights awarded pursuant to Section 4.3;
         
        (c) Annual Performance Bonuses awarded pursuant to Section 4.4;
         
        (d) Long Term Performance Awards awarded pursuant to Section 4.5;
         
        (e) Other Stock-Based Awards awarded pursuant to Section 4.6;
         
        (f) Director Awards awarded pursuant to Section 4.7; and
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (g) Substitute Awards awarded pursuant to Section 4.8.
         
    Award Certificate means the document issued, either in writing or an
    electronic medium, by the Committee or its designee to a Participant
    evidencing the grant of an Award.
     
    Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.
     
    Cause means misconduct that is willfully or wantonly harmful to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries, monetarily or otherwise, including,
    without limitation, conduct that violates the Companys Code of ethical
    Conduct.
     
    Change in Control means the first to occur of any of the following
    events:
     
        (a) any person (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the
        Exchange Act, excluding for this purpose, (i) the Company or any
        Subsidiary or (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any
        Subsidiary (or any person or entity organized, appointed or
        established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such
        plan that acquires beneficial ownership of voting securities of the
        Company), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule
        13d-3 under the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly of securities
        of the Company representing more than 30 percent of the combined
        voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities;
        provided, however, that no Change in Control will be deemed to have
        occurred as a result of a change in ownership percentage resulting
        solely from an acquisition of securities by the Company; or
         
        (b) persons who, as of the Effective Date constitute the Board (the
        Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason (including without
        limitation, as a result of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or
        similar transaction) to constitute at least a majority thereof,
        provided that any person becoming a Director of the Company
        subsequent to the Effective Date shall be considered an Incumbent
        Director if such persons election or nomination for election was
        approved by a vote of at least 50 percent of the Incumbent
        Directors; but provided further, that any such person whose initial
        assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened
        proxy contest relating to the election of members of the Board or
        other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by
        or on behalf of a person (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d)
        of the Exchange Act) other than the Board, including by reason of
        agreement intended to avoid or settle any such actual or threatened
        contest or solicitation, shall not be considered an Incumbent
        Director; or
         
        (c) consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
        sale or other disposition of at least 80 percent of the assets of
        the Company (a Business Combination), in each case, unless,
        following such Business Combination, all or substantially all of
        the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of
        outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to
        such Business Combination beneficially own directly or indirectly
        more than 50 percent of the combined voting power of the then
        outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
        election of directors, of the company resulting from such Business
        Combination (including, without limitation, a company which, as a
        result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or
        substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or
        through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same
        proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business
        Combination, of the outstanding voting securities of the Company;
        or
         
        (d) approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
        liquidation or dissolution of the Company;
         
        provided, however, that if and to the extent that any provision of
        this Plan or an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred
        compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made
        upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, or would change the
        timing and/or form of any payment of deferred compensation that is
        subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) upon a specified date or event
        occurring after a Change in Control or upon a Change in Control
        Termination, then such payment shall not be made, or such change
        in timing or form of payment shall not occur, unless such Change
        in Control is also a change in ownership or effective control of
        the Company within the meaning of Code Section 409A(2)(A)(v) and
        applicable regulations and rulings thereunder and such payment, or
        such associated date or event, occurs no later than two years after
        the date of such Change in Control.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Change in Control Termination means a Participants involuntary
    termination of employment that occurs during the 12 month period
    immediately following a Change in Control. For this purpose, a
    Participants involuntary termination of employment includes only the
    following:
     
        (a) termination of the Participants employment by the Company for
        any reason other than for Cause, Disability or death;
         
        (b) termination of the Participants employment by the Participant
        after one of the following events, provided that the Participants
        termination of employment occurs within one hundred and eighty
        (180) days after the occurrence of any such event:
         
            i.  the Company (1) assigns or causes to be assigned to the
            Participant duties inconsistent in any material respect with
            his or her position as in effect immediately prior to the
            Change in Control; (2) makes or causes to be made any material
            adverse change in the Participants position, authority, duties
            or responsibilities; or (3) takes or causes to be taken any
            other action which, in the reasonable judgment of the
            Participant, would cause him or her to violate his or her
            ethical or professional obligations (after written notice of
            such judgment has been provided by the Participant to the
            Company and the Company has been given a 15-day period within
            which to cure such action), or which results in a significant
            diminution in such position, authority, duties or
            responsibilities; or
             
            ii.  the Company, without the Participants consent, (1)
            requires the Participant to relocate to a principal place of
            employment more than fifty (50) miles from his or her existing
            place of employment; or (2) reduces the Participants base
            salary, annual bonus, or retirement, welfare, stock incentive,
            perquisite (if any) and other benefits taken as a whole.
             
    Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
    amended.
     
    Committee means the Management Development and Compensation Committee
    of the Board or any successor committee or subcommittee of the Board,
    which committee is comprised solely of two or more persons who are
    outside directors within the meaning of Section 162(m)(4)(C)(i) of the
    Code and the applicable regulations and nonemployee directors within
    the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act.
     
    Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, $.20 (U.S.) par
    value, and such other securities or property as may become subject to
    Awards pursuant to an adjustment made under Section 5.3 of the Plan.
     
    Company means Tyco Electronics Ltd., a Swiss company, or any
    successor thereto.
     
    Deferred Stock Unit means a Unit granted under Section 4.6 to acquire
    Shares upon Termination of Directorship or Termination of Employment,
    subject to any restrictions that the Committee, in its discretion, may
    determine.
     
    Director means a member of the Board who is a non-employee director
    within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act.
     
    Director Shares means the award of fully-vested Shares to a Director
    under Section 4.6 as part of the Directors annual compensation, or
    under such circumstances as are deemed appropriate by the Board.
     
    Disabled or Disability means the inability of the Director or
    Employee to perform the material duties pertaining to such Directors
    directorship or such Employees employment due to a physical or mental
    injury, infirmity or incapacity for 180 days (including weekends and
    holidays) in any 365-day period. The existence or nonexistence of a
    Disability shall be determined by an independent physician selected by
    the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Director or Employee.
    Notwithstanding the above, if and to the extent that any provision of
    this Plan or an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred
    compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon
    the occurrence of a Disability or upon a person becoming Disabled,
    or would cause a change in the timing or form of payment of such
    deferred compensation upon the occurrence of a Disability or upon a
    person becoming Disabled, then such payment shall not be made, or
    such change in timing or form of payment shall not occur, unless such
    Disability or condition of being Disabled satisfies the
    requirements of Code Section 409A(2)(C) and applicable regulations and
    rulings thereunder.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Dividend Equivalent means an amount equal to the cash dividend or the
    Fair Market Value of the stock dividend that would be paid on each
    Share underlying an Award if the Share were duly issued and outstanding
    on the date on which the dividend is payable. Dividend Equivalents will
    not be awarded in connection with stock option or Stock Appreciation
    Rights Awards.
     
    Effective Date means September 29, 2010. The original effective date
    of the Tyco Electronics Ltd. Stock and Incentive Plan was, June 29,
    2007, the date of the dividend distribution of Tyco Electronics Ltd.
    shares to the Tyco International Ltd. shareholders of record on the
    distribution date.
     
    Employee means any individual who performs services as an officer or
    employee of the Company or a Subsidiary.
     
    Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
    as amended.
     
    Exercise Price means the price of a Share, as fixed by the Committee,
    which may be purchased under a Stock Option or with respect to which
    the amount of any payment pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right is
    determined.
     
    Fair Market Value of a Share means the closing sales price on the New
    York Stock Exchange on the date as of which the determination of Fair
    Market Value is being made or, if no sale is reported for such day, on
    the next preceding day on which a sale of Shares was reported.
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Fair Market Value
    of a Share will in no event be determined to be less than par value.
     
    Fair Market Value Stock Option means a Stock Option the Exercise
    Price of which is fixed by the Committee at a price equal to the Fair
    Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.
     
    GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles.
     
    Incentive Stock Option means a Stock Option granted under Section 4.3
    of the Plan that meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code and
    any related regulations and is designated in the Award Certificate to
    be an Incentive Stock Option.
     
    Key Employee means an Employee who is a covered employee within the
    meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.
     
    Long Term Performance Award means an Award granted under Section 4.5
    of the Plan that is paid solely on account of the attainment of a
    specified performance target in relation to one or more Performance
    Measures or other performance criteria as selected in the discretion of
    the Committee.
     
    Non-Employee Director means any member of the Board, elected or
    appointed, who is not otherwise an Employee of the Company or a
    Subsidiary. An individual who is elected to the Board at an annual
    meeting of the stockholders of the Company will be deemed to be a
    member of the Board as of the date of the meeting.
     
    Nonqualified Stock Option means any Stock Option granted under
    Section 4.3 of the Plan that is not an Incentive Stock Option.
     
    Participant means a Director, Employee or Acquired Grantee who has
    been granted an Award under the Plan.
     
    Performance Cycle means, with respect to any Award that vests based
    on Performance Measures, the period of 12 months or longer over which
    the level of performance will be assessed. The first Performance Cycle
    under the Plan will begin on such date as is set by the Committee, in
    its discretion.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Performance Measure means, with respect to any Annual Performance
    Bonus or Long Term Performance Award, the business criteria selected by
    the Committee to measure the level of performance of the Company during
    the Performance Cycle. The Committee may select as the Performance
    Measure for a Performance Cycle any one or combination of the following
    Company measures, as interpreted by the Committee, which measures (to
    the extent applicable) will be determined in accordance with GAAP:
     
        (a) Net operating profit after taxes;
         
        (b) Net operating profit after taxes, per Share;
         
        (c) Return on invested capital;
         
        (d) Return on assets or net assets;
         
        (e) Total shareholder return;
         
        (f) Relative total shareholder return (as compared with a peer
        group of the Company);
         
        (g) Earnings before income taxes;
         
        (h) Earnings per Share;
         
        (i) Net income;
         
        (j) Free cash flow;
         
        (k) Free cash flow per Share;
         
        (l) Revenue (or any component thereof); or
         
        (m) Revenue growth.
         
    Performance Unit means a Long Term Performance Award denominated in
    dollar Units.
     
    Plan means the Tyco Electronics Ltd. 2007 Stock and Incentive Plan
    (Amended and Restated as of September 29, 2010), as it may be amended
    from time to time.
     
    Premium-Priced Stock Option means a Stock Option the Exercise Price
    of which is fixed by the Committee at a price that exceeds the Fair
    Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.
     
    Reporting Person means a Director or an Employee who is subject to
    the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.
     
    Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to Section 4.6 that are
    subject to any restrictions that the Committee, in its discretion, may
    impose.
     
    Restricted Unit means a Unit granted under Section 4.6 to acquire
    Shares or an equivalent amount in cash, which Unit is subject to any
    restrictions that the Committee, in its discretion, may impose.
     
    Retirement means Termination of Employment on or after a Participant
    has attained age fifty-five (55) and has completed at least five years
    of service with the Company and its Subsidiaries.
     
    Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
    amended.
     
    Share means a share of Common Stock.
     
    Stock Appreciation Right means a right granted under Section 4.3 of
    the Plan to an amount in cash or Shares equal to any difference between
    the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the date on which the right
    is exercised and the Exercise Price, where the amount of Shares
    attributable to each Stock Appreciation Right is set forth on or before
    the grant date.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Stock-Based Award means an Award granted under Section 4.6 of the
    Plan and denominated in Shares.
     
    Stock Option means a right granted under Section 4.3 of the Plan to
    purchase from the Company a stated number of Shares at a specified
    price. Stock Options awarded under the Plan may be in the form of
    Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options.
     
    Subsidiary means a subsidiary company (wherever incorporated) of the
    Company; provided, that in the case of any Award that provides deferred
    compensation subject to Code Section 409A, Subsidiary shall not
    include any subsidiary company as defined above unless such company is
    within a controlled group of corporations with the Company as defined
    in Code Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) where the phrase at least
    50% is substituted in each place at least 80% appears or is with the
    Company part of a group of trades or businesses under common control as
    defined in Code Section 414(c) and Treas. Reg. § 1.414(c)-2 where the
    phrase at least 50% is substituted in each place at least 80%
    appears, provided, however, that when the relevant determination is to
    be based upon legitimate business criteria (as described in Treas. Reg.
    § 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E) and § 1.409A-1(h)(3)), the phrase at least
    20% shall be substituted in each place at least 50% appears as
    described above with respect to both a controlled group of corporations
    and trades or business under common control.
     
    Target Amount means the amount of Performance Units that will be paid
    if the Performance Measure is fully (100%) attained, as determined by
    the Committee.
     
    Target Vesting Percentage means the percentage of performance- based
    Restricted Units or Shares of Restricted Stock that will vest if the
    Performance Measure is fully (100%) attained, as determined by the
    Committee.
     
    Termination of Directorship means the date of cessation of a
    Directors membership on the Board for any reason, with or without
    Cause, as determined by the Company; provided, that if and to the
    extent that any provision of this Plan or an Award Certificate would
    cause a payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Code
    Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon the occurrence of a Termination of
    Directorship or would change the timing and/or form of any payment of
    deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) upon a
    persons Termination of Directorship, then such payment shall not be
    made, or such change in timing and/or form of payment shall not occur,
    unless such Termination of Directorship would be deemed a separation
    from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and
    applicable regulations and rulings thereunder, and shall not include
    any services provided in the capacity of an employee or otherwise.
     
    Termination of Employment means the date of cessation of an
    Employees employment relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary for
    any reason, with or without Cause, as determined by the Company;
    provided, that if and to the extent that any provision of this Plan or
    an Award Certificate would cause a payment of deferred compensation
    that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) to be made upon the
    occurrence of a Termination of Employment or would change the timing
    and/or form of any payment of deferred compensation that is subject to
    Code Section 409A(a)(2) upon a persons Termination of Employment, then
    such payment shall not be made or such change in timing and/or form of
    payment shall not occur, unless such Termination of Employment would be
    deemed a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section
    409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and applicable regulations and rulings thereunder.
     
    Unit means, for purposes of Performance Units, the potential right to
    an Award equal to a specified amount denominated in such form as is
    deemed appropriate in the discretion of the Committee and, for purposes
    of Restricted Units or Deferred Stock Units, the potential right to
    acquire one Share.
     
ARTICLE III
ADMINISTRATION
 
3.1  Committee.  The Plan will be administered by the Committee.
 
3.2  Authority of the Committee.  The Committee or, to the extent required 
by applicable law, the Board will have the authority, in its sole and 
absolute discretion and subject to the terms of the Plan, to:
 
    (a)           Interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or
    agreement relating to the Plan;
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (b)           Prescribe the rules and regulations that it deems
    necessary for the proper operation and administration of the Plan, and
    amend or rescind any existing rules or regulations relating to the
    Plan;
     
    (c)           Select Employees to receive Awards under the Plan;
     
    (d)           Determine the form of an Award, the number of Shares
    subject to each Award, all the terms and conditions of an Award,
    including, without limitation, the conditions on exercise or vesting,
    the designation of Stock Options as Incentive Stock Options or
    Nonqualified Stock Options, and the circumstances in which an Award may
    be settled in cash or Shares or may be cancelled, forfeited or
    suspended, and the terms of the Award Certificate;
     
    (e)           Determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in
    combination or in tandem;
     
    (f)            Establish and interpret Performance Measures (or, as
    applicable, other performance criteria) in connection with Annual
    Performance Bonuses and Long Term Performance Awards, evaluate the
    level of performance over a Performance Cycle and certify the level of
    performance attained with respect to Performance Measures (or other
    performance criteria, as applicable);
     
    (g)           Except as provided in Section 6.1, waive or amend any
    terms, conditions, restrictions or limitations on an Award, except that
    the prohibition on the repricing of Stock Options and Stock
    Appreciation Rights, as described in Section 4.3(g), may not be waived
    and further provided that any such waiver or amendment shall either
    comply with the requirements of Section 409A or preserve any exemption
    from the application of Code Section 409A;
     
    (h)           Make any adjustments to the Plan (including but not
    limited to adjustment of the number of Shares available under the Plan
    or any Award) and any Award granted under the Plan as may be
    appropriate pursuant to Section 5.3;
     
    (i)            Determine and set forth in the applicable Award
    Certificate the circumstances under which Awards may be deferred and
    the extent to which a deferral will be credited with Dividend
    Equivalents and interest thereon;
     
    (j)            Determine whether a Nonqualified Stock Option or
    Restricted Share may be transferable to family members, a family trust
    or a family partnership;
     
    (k)           Establish any subplans and make any modifications to the
    Plan or to Awards made hereunder (including the establishment of terms
    and conditions not otherwise inconsistent with the terms of the Plan)
    that the Committee may determine to be necessary or advisable for
    grants made in countries outside the United States to comply with, or
    to achieve favorable tax treatment under, applicable foreign laws or
    regulations;
     
    (l)            Appoint such agents as it shall deem appropriate for
    proper administration of the Plan; and
     
    (m)          Take any and all other actions it deems necessary or
    advisable for the proper operation or administration of the Plan.
     
3.3  Effect of Determinations.  All determinations of the Committee will be 
final, binding and conclusive on all persons having an interest in the 
Plan.
 
3.4  Delegation of Authority.  The Board or, if permitted under applicable 
corporate law, the Committee, in its discretion and consistent with 
applicable law and regulations, may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company or any other officer or group of officers as it deems to be 
advisable, the authority to select Employees to receive an Award and to 
determine the number of Shares under any such Award, subject to any terms 
and conditions that the Board or the Committee may establish. When the 
Board or the Committee delegates authority pursuant to the foregoing 
sentence, it will limit, in its discretion, the number of Shares or 
aggregate value that may be subject to Awards that the delegate may grant. 
Only the Committee will have authority to grant and administer Awards to 
Directors, Key Employees and other Reporting Persons or to delegates of the 
Committee, and to establish and certify Performance Measures.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.5  Employment of Advisors.  The Committee may employ attorneys, 
consultants, accountants and other advisors, and the Committee, the Company 
and the officers and directors of the Company may rely upon the advice, 
opinions or valuations of the advisors employed.
 
3.6  No Liability.  No member of the Committee or any person acting as a 
delegate of the Committee with respect to the Plan will be liable for any 
losses resulting from any action, interpretation or construction made in 
good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan.
 
ARTICLE IV
AWARDS
 
4.1  Eligibility.  All Participants and Employees are eligible to be 
designated to receive Awards granted under the Plan, except as otherwise 
provided in this Article IV.
 
4.2  Form of Awards.  Awards will be in the form determined by the 
Committee, in its discretion, and will be evidenced by an Award 
Certificate. Awards may be granted singly or in combination or in tandem 
with other Awards.
 
4.3  Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.  The Committee may grant 
Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan to those 
Employees whom the Committee may from time to time select, in the amounts 
and pursuant to the other terms and conditions that the Committee, in its 
discretion, may determine and set forth in the Award Certificate, subject 
to the provisions below:
 
    (a)  Form.  Stock Options granted under the Plan will, at the
    discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the Award Certificate,
    be in the form of Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options
    or a combination of the two. If an Incentive Stock Option and a
    Nonqualified Stock Option are granted to the same Participant under the
    Plan at the same time, the form of each will be clearly identified, and
    they will be deemed to have been granted in separate grants. In no
    event will the exercise of one Award affect the right to exercise the
    other Award. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted either alone or
    in connection with concurrently or previously granted Nonqualified
    Stock Options.
     
    (b)  Exercise Price.  The Committee will set the Exercise Price of Fair
    Market Value Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights granted under
    the Plan at a price that is equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share
    on the date of grant, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5.3.
    The Committee will set the Exercise Price of Premium-Priced Stock
    Options at a price that is higher than the Fair Market Value of a Share
    as of the date of grant, provided that such price is no higher than 150
    percent of such Fair Market Value. The Exercise Price of Incentive
    Stock Options will be equal to or greater than 110 percent of the Fair
    Market Value of a Share as of the date of grant if the Participant
    receiving the Stock Options owns stock possessing more than 10 percent
    of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
    Company or any subsidiary or parent corporation of the Company, as
    defined in Section 424 of the Code. The Exercise Price of a Stock
    Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a Stock Option will equal the
    Exercise Price of the related Stock Option. The Committee will set
    forth the Exercise Price of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right
    in the Award Certificate. Stock Options granted under the Plan will, at
    the discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the Award
    Certificate, be Fair Market Value Stock Options, Premium-Priced Stock
    Options or a combination of Fair Market Value Stock Options and
    Premium- Priced Stock Options.
     
    (c)  Term and Timing of Exercise.  Each Stock Option or Stock
    Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will be exercisable in whole
    or in part, subject to the following conditions, unless determined
    otherwise by the Committee:
     
        (i)            The Committee will determine and set forth in the
        Award Certificate the date on which any Award of Stock Options or
        Stock Appreciation Rights to a Participant may first be exercised.
        Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides otherwise, a Stock
        Option or Stock Appreciation Right will become exercisable in equal
        annual installments over a period of four years beginning
        immediately after the date on which the Stock Option or Stock
        Appreciation Right was granted. The right to exercise a Stock
        Option or Stock Appreciation Right will lapse no later than 10
        years after the date of grant, except to the extent necessary to
        comply with applicable laws outside of the United States or to
        preserve the tax advantages of the Award outside the United States.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (ii)           Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides
        otherwise, upon the death or Disability of a Participant who has
        outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the
        unvested Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights will vest.
        Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides otherwise, the
        Participants Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will
        lapse, and will not thereafter be exercisable, upon the earlier of
        (A) their original expiration date or (B) the date that is three
        years after the date on which the Participant dies or incurs a
        Disability.
         
        (iii)          Unless the applicable Award Certificate provides
        otherwise, upon the Retirement of a Participant, a pro rata portion
        of the Participants Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
        will vest so that the total number of vested Stock Options or Stock
        Appreciation Rights held by the Participant at Termination of
        Employment (including those that have already vested as of such
        date) will be equal to (A) the total number of Stock Options or
        Stock Appreciation Rights originally granted to the Participant
        under each Award multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of
        which is the period of time (in whole months) that have elapsed
        since the date of grant, and the denominator of which is four years
        (or such other applicable vesting term as is set forth in the Award
        Certificate). Unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise, such
        Participants Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will
        lapse, and will not thereafter be exercisable, upon the earlier of
        (A) their original expiration date or (B) the date that is three
        years after the date of Termination of Employment.
         
        (iv)          Upon the Termination of Employment of a Participant
        that does not meet the requirements of paragraphs (ii) or (iii)
        above, or as otherwise provided in Section 5.4 (Change in Control),
        any unvested Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights will be
        forfeited unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise. Any
        Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that are vested as of
        such Termination of Employment will lapse, and will not thereafter
        be exercisable, upon the earlier of (A) their original expiration
        date or (B) the date that is ninety (90) days after the date of
        such Termination of Employment unless the Award Certificate
        provides otherwise.
         
        (v)           Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights of a
        deceased Participant may be exercised only by the estate of the
        Participant or by the person given authority to exercise the Stock
        Options or Stock Appreciation Rights by the Participants will or
        by operation of law. If a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right
        is exercised by the executor or administrator of a deceased
        Participant, or by the person or persons to whom the Stock Option
        or Stock Appreciation Right has been transferred by the
        Participants will or the applicable laws of descent and
        distribution, the Company will be under no obligation to deliver
        Shares or cash until the Company is satisfied that the person
        exercising the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right is the duly
        appointed executor or administrator of the deceased Participant or
        the person to whom the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right has
        been transferred by the Participants will or by applicable laws of
        descent and distribution.
         
        (vi)          A Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a
        Stock Option is subject to the same terms and conditions as the
        related Stock Option and will be exercisable only to the extent
        that the related Stock Option is exercisable.
         
    (d)  Payment of Exercise Price.  The Exercise Price of a Stock Option
    must be paid in full when the Stock Option is exercised. Stock
    certificates will be registered and delivered only upon receipt of
    payment. Payment of the Exercise Price may be made in cash or by
    certified check, bank draft, wire transfer, or postal or express money
    order, provided that the format is approved by the Company or a
    designated third-party administrator. The Committee, in its discretion
    may also allow payment to be made by any of the following methods, as
    set forth in the Award Certificate:
     
        (i)            Delivering a properly executed exercise notice to
        the Company or its agent, together with irrevocable instructions to
        a broker to deliver to the Company, within the typical settlement
        cycle for the sale of equity securities on the relevant trading
        market (or otherwise in accordance with the provisions of
        Regulation T issued by the Federal Reserve Board), the amount of
        sale proceeds with respect to the portion of the Shares to be
        acquired having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal
        to the sum of the applicable portion of the Exercise Price being so
        paid;
         
        (ii)           Tendering (actually or by attestation) to the
        Company previously acquired Shares that have been held by the
        Participant for at least six months, subject to paragraph (iv), and
        that have a Fair Market Value on the day prior to the date of
        exercise equal to the applicable portion of the Exercise Price
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        being so paid, provided that the Board has specifically approved
        the repurchase of such Shares (unless such approval is not required
        by the terms of the bye-laws of the Company) and the Committee has
        determined that, as of the date of repurchase, the Company is, and
        after the repurchase will continue to be, able to pay its
        liabilities as they become due; or
         
        (iii)          Provided such payment method has been expressly
        authorized by the Board or the Committee in advance and subject to
        any requirements of applicable law and regulations, instructing the
        Company to reduce the number of Shares that would otherwise be
        issued by such number of Shares as have in the aggregate a Fair
        Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the applicable
        portion of the Exercise Price being so paid.
         
        (iv)          The Committee, in consideration of applicable
        accounting standards, may waive any holding period on Shares
        required to tender pursuant to clause (ii).
         
    (e)  Incentive Stock Options.  Incentive Stock Options granted under
    the Plan will be subject to the following additional conditions,
    limitations and restrictions:
     
        (i)  Eligibility.  Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to
        Employees of the Company or a Subsidiary that is a subsidiary or
        parent corporation of the Company, within the meaning of Section
        424 of the Code.
         
        (ii)  Timing of Grant.  No Incentive Stock Option will be granted
        under the Plan after the 10-year anniversary of the date on which
        the Plan is adopted by the Board or, if earlier, the date on which
        the Plan is approved by the Companys stockholders.
         
        (iii)  Amount of Award.  Subject to Section 5.3 of the Plan, no
        more than 10 million Shares may be available for grant in the form
        of Incentive Stock Options. The aggregate Fair Market Value (as of
        the date of grant) of the Shares with respect to which the
        Incentive Stock Options awarded to any Employee first become
        exercisable during any calendar year may not exceed $100,000
        (U.S.). For purposes of this $100,000 (U.S.) limit, the Employees
        Incentive Stock Options under this Plan and all other plans
        maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries will be aggregated.
        To the extent any Incentive Stock Option would exceed the $100,000
        (U.S.) limit, the Incentive Stock Option will afterwards be treated
        as a Nonqualified Stock Option for all purposes to the extent
        required by the Code and underlying regulations and rulings.
         
        (iv)  Timing of Exercise.  If the Committee exercises its
        discretion in the Award Certificate to permit an Incentive Stock
        Option to be exercised by a Participant more than three months
        after the Participant has ceased being an Employee (or more than 12
        months if the Participant is permanently and totally disabled,
        within the meaning of Section 22(e) of the Code), the Incentive
        Stock Option will afterwards be treated as a Nonqualified Stock
        Option to the extent required by the Code and underlying
        regulations and rulings. For purposes of this paragraph (iv), an
        Employees employment relationship will be treated as continuing
        intact while the Employee is on military leave, sick leave or
        another approved leave of absence if the period of leave does not
        exceed 90 days, or a longer period to the extent that the
        Employees right to reemployment with the Company or a Subsidiary
        is guaranteed by statute or by contract. If the period of leave
        exceeds 90 days and the Employees right to reemployment is not
        guaranteed by statute or contract, the employment relationship will
        be deemed to have ceased on the 91st day of the leave.
         
        (v)  Transfer Restrictions.  In no event will the Committee permit
        an Incentive Stock Option to be transferred by an Employee other
        than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and any
        Incentive Stock Option awarded under this Plan will be exercisable
        only by the Employee during the Employees lifetime.
         
    (f)  Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights.  Upon exercise of a
    Participants Stock Appreciation Rights, the Company will pay cash or
    Shares or a combination of cash and Shares, in the discretion of the
    Committee and as described in the Award Certificate. Cash payments will
    be equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date
    of exercise over the Exercise Price, for each Share for which a Stock
    Appreciation Right was exercised. If Shares are paid for the Stock
    Appreciation Right, the Participant will receive a number of whole
    Shares equal to the quotient of the cash payment amount divided by the
    Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (g)  No Repricing.  Except as otherwise provided in Section 5.3, in no
    event will the Committee (i) decrease the Exercise Price of a Stock
    Option or Stock Appreciation Right after the date of grant or (ii)
    cancel outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in
    exchange for a cash payment or for a grant of replacement Stock Options
    or Stock Appreciation Rights with a lower Exercise Price than that of
    the replaced Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or other
    Awards, without first obtaining the approval of the holders of a
    majority of the Shares who are present in person or by proxy at a
    meeting of the Companys stockholders and entitled to vote.
     
4.4  Annual Performance Bonuses.  The Committee may grant Annual 
Performance Bonuses under the Plan in the form of cash or Shares to the 
Reporting Persons that the Committee may from time to time select, in the 
amounts and pursuant to the terms and conditions that the Committee may 
determine and set forth in the Award Certificate, subject to the provisions 
below:
 
    (a)  Performance Cycles.  Annual Performance Bonuses will be awarded in
    connection with a 12-month Performance Cycle, which will be the fiscal
    year of the Company.
     
    (b)  Eligible Participants.  Within 90 days after the commencement of a
    Performance Cycle, the Committee will determine the Reporting Persons
    who will be eligible to receive an Annual Performance Bonus under the
    Plan.
     
    (c)           Performance Measures; Targets; Award Criteria.
     
        (i)            Within 90 days after the commencement of a
        Performance Cycle, the Committee will fix and establish in writing
        (A) the Performance Measures that will apply to that Performance
        Cycle; (B) the Target Amount payable to each Participant; and (C)
        subject to subsection (d) below, the criteria for computing the
        amount that will be paid with respect to each level of attained
        performance. The Committee will also set forth the minimum level of
        performance, based on objective factors, that must be attained
        during the Performance Cycle before any Annual Performance Bonus
        will be paid and the percentage of the Target Amount that will
        become payable upon attainment of various levels of performance
        that equal or exceed the minimum required level.
         
        (ii)           The Committee may, in its discretion, select
        Performance Measures that measure the performance of the Company or
        one or more business units, divisions or Subsidiaries of the
        Company. The Committee may select Performance Measures that are
        absolute or relative to the performance of one or more comparable
        companies or an index of comparable companies.
         
        (iii)          The Committee, in its discretion, may, on a
        case-by-case basis, reduce, but not increase, the amount payable to
        any Key Employee with respect to any given Performance Cycle,
        provided, however, that no reduction will result in an increase in
        the amount payable under any Annual Performance Bonus of another
        Key Employee.
         
    (d)  Payment, Certification.  No Annual Performance Bonus will vest
    with respect to any Reporting Person until the Committee certifies in
    writing the level of performance attained for the Performance Cycle in
    relation to the applicable Performance Measures. In applying
    Performance Measures, the Committee may, in its discretion, exclude
    unusual or infrequently occurring items (including any event listed in
    Section 5.3 and the cumulative effect of changes in the law,
    regulations or accounting rules), and may determine no later than
    ninety (90) days after the commencement of any applicable Performance
    Cycle to exclude other items, each determined in accordance with GAAP
    (to the extent applicable) and as identified in the financial
    statements, notes to the financial statements or discussion and
    analysis of management.
     
    (e)  Form of Payment.  Annual Performance Bonuses will be paid in cash
    or Shares. All such Performance Bonuses shall be paid no later than the
    15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year (or,
    if later, following the end of the Companys fiscal year) in which such
    Performance Bonuses are no longer subject to a substantial risk of
    forfeiture (as determined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code),
    except to the extent that a Participant has elected to defer payment
    under the terms of a duly authorized deferred compensation arrangement
    in which case the terms of such arrangement shall govern.
     
    (f)  Section 162(m) of the Code.  It is the intent of the Company that
    Annual Performance Bonuses be performance-based compensation for
    purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code, that this Section 4.4 be
    interpreted in a manner that satisfies the applicable requirements of
    Section 162(m)(C) of the Code and related regulations, and that the
    Plan be operated so that the Company may take a full tax deduction for
    Annual Performance Bonuses. If any provision of this Plan or any Annual
    Performance Bonus would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this
    intent, the provision will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to
    avoid this conflict.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (g)  Retirement, Death, Disability and Other Events.  If a Participant
    would be entitled to an Annual Performance Bonus but for the fact that
    the Participants employment with the Company terminated prior to the
    end of the Performance Cycle as a result of the Participants
    Retirement, death or Disability, or such other event as designated by
    the Committee, the Participant may, in the Committees discretion,
    receive an Annual Performance Bonus Award, pro rated for the portion of
    the Performance Cycle that the Participant completed and which is
    payable at the same time after the end of the Performance Cycle that
    payments to other Annual Performance Bonus Award recipients are made.
     
4.5  Long Term Performance Awards.  The Committee may grant Long Term 
Performance Awards under the Plan in the form of Performance Units, 
Restricted Units or Restricted Stock to any Employee who the Committee may 
from time to time select, in the amounts and pursuant to the terms and 
conditions that the Committee may determine and set forth in the Award 
Certificate, subject to the provisions below:
 
    (a)  Performance Cycles.  Long Term Performance Awards will be awarded
    in connection with a Performance Cycle, as determined by the Committee
    in its discretion, provided, however, that a Performance Cycle may be
    no shorter than 12 months and no longer than 5 years.
     
    (b)  Eligible Participants.  Within 90 days after the commencement of a
    Performance Cycle, the Committee will determine the Employees who will
    be eligible to receive a Long Term Performance Award for the
    Performance Cycle, provided that the Committee may determine the
    eligibility of any Employee other than a Key Employee after the
    expiration of the 90-day period.
     
    (c)  Performance Measures; Targets; Award Criteria.
     
        (i)            Within 90 days after the commencement of a
        Performance Cycle, the Committee will fix and establish in writing
        (A) the Performance Measures that will apply to that Performance
        Cycle; (B) with respect to Performance Units, the Target Amount
        payable to each Participant; (C) with respect to Restricted Units
        and Restricted Stock, the Target Vesting Percentage for each
        Participant; and (D) subject to subsection (d) below, the criteria
        for computing the amount that will be paid or will vest with
        respect to each level of attained performance. The Committee will
        also set forth the minimum level of performance, based on objective
        factors, that must be attained during the Performance Cycle before
        any Long Term Performance Award will be paid or vest, and the
        percentage of Performance Units that will become payable and the
        percentage of performance- based Restricted Units or Shares of
        Restricted Stock that will vest upon attainment of various levels
        of performance that equal or exceed the minimum required level.
         
        (ii)           The Committee may, in its discretion, select
        Performance Measures that measure the performance of the Company or
        one or more business units, divisions or Subsidiaries of the
        Company. The Committee may select Performance Measures that are
        absolute or relative to the performance of one or more comparable
        companies or an index of comparable companies.
         
        (iii)          The Committee, in its discretion, may, on a
        case-by-case basis, reduce, but not increase, the amount of Long
        Term Performance Awards payable to any Key Employee with respect to
        any given Performance Cycle, provided, however, that no reduction
        will result in an increase in the dollar amount or number of Shares
        payable under any Long Term Performance Award of another Key
        Employee.
         
        (iv)          With respect to Employees who are not Key Employees,
        the Committee may establish, in its discretion, performance
        criteria other than the Performance Measures that will be
        applicable for the Performance Cycle.
         
    (d)  Payment, Certification.  No Long Term Performance Award will vest
    with respect to any Employee until the Committee certifies in writing
    the level of performance attained for the Performance Cycle in relation
    to the applicable Performance Measures. Long Term Performance Awards
    awarded to Participants who are not Key Employees will be based on the
    Performance Measures, or other applicable performance criteria, and
    payment formulas that the Committee, in its discretion, may establish
    for these purposes. These Performance Measures, or other performance
    criteria, and formulas may be the same as or different than the
    Performance Measures and formulas that apply to Key Employees.
     
    In applying Performance Measures, the Committee may, in its discretion,
    exclude unusual or infrequently occurring items (including any event
    listed in Section 5.3) and the cumulative effect of changes in the law,
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    regulations or accounting rules, and may determine no later than ninety
    (90) days after the commencement of any applicable Performance Cycle to
    exclude other items, each determined in accordance with GAAP (to the
    extent applicable) and as identified in the financial statements, notes
    to the financial statements or discussion and analysis of management.
     
    (e)  Form of Payment.  Long Term Performance Awards in the form of
    Performance Units may be paid in cash or full Shares, in the discretion
    of the Committee, and as set forth in the Award Certificate.
    Performance-based Restricted Units and Restricted Stock will be paid in
    full Shares. Payment with respect to any fractional Share will be in
    cash in an amount based on the Fair Market Value of the Share as of the
    date the Performance Unit becomes payable. All such Long Term
    Performance Awards shall be paid no later than the 15th day of the
    third month following the end of the calendar year (or, if later,
    following the end of the Companys fiscal year) in which such Long Term
    Performance Awards are no longer subject to a substantial risk of
    forfeiture (as determined for purposes of Code Section 409A), except to
    the extent that a Participant has elected to defer payment under the
    terms of a duly authorized deferred compensation arrangement, in which
    case the terms of such arrangement shall govern.
     
    (f)  Section 162(m) of the Code.  It is the intent of the Company that
    Long Term Performance Awards made to Key Employees be
    performance-based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the
    Code, that this Section 4.5 be interpreted in a manner that satisfies
    the applicable requirements of Section 162(m)(C) of the Code and
    related regulations with respect to Long Term Performance awards made
    to Key Employees, and that the Plan be operated so that the Company may
    take a full tax deduction for Long Term Performance Awards. If any
    provision of this Plan or any Long Term Performance Award would
    otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision will be
    interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict.
     
    (g)  Retirement, Death, Disability and Other Events.  If a Participant
    would be entitled to a Long Term Performance Award but for the fact
    that the Participants employment with the Company terminated prior to
    the end of the Performance Cycle as a result of the Participants
    Retirement, death or Disability, or such other event as designated by
    the Committee, the Participant may, in the Committees discretion,
    receive a Long Term Performance Award, pro rated for the portion of the
    Performance Cycle that the Participant completed and payable at the
    same time after the end of the Performance Cycle that payments to other
    Long Term Performance Award recipients are made.
     
4.6  Other Stock-Based Awards.  The Committee may, from time to time, grant 
Awards (other than Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Annual 
Performance Bonuses or Long Term Performance Awards) to any Employee who 
the Committee may from time to time select, which Awards consist of, or are 
denominated in, payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or 
otherwise related to, Shares. These Awards may include, among other forms, 
Restricted Stock, Restricted Units, or Deferred Stock Units. The Committee 
will determine, in its discretion, the terms and conditions that will apply 
to Awards granted pursuant to this Section 4.6, which terms and conditions 
will be set forth in the applicable Award Certificate.
 
    (a)  Vesting.  Unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise,
    restrictions on Stock-Based Awards granted under this Section 4.6 will
    lapse in equal annual installments over a period of four years
    beginning immediately after the date of grant. If the restrictions on
    Stock-Based Awards have not lapsed or been satisfied as of the
    Participants Termination of Employment, the Shares will be forfeited
    by the Participant if the termination is for any reason other than the
    Retirement, death or Disability of the Participant or a Change in
    Control. Unless the Award Certificate provides otherwise, (i) all
    restrictions on Stock-Based Awards granted pursuant to this Section 4.6
    will lapse upon the death or Disability of the Participant, (ii) in the
    event of Retirement, the Award will vest pro rata with respect to the
    portion of the four-year vesting term (or such other vesting term as is
    set forth in the Award Certificate) that the Participant has completed
    as of the Participants Termination of Employment and provided that the
    Participant has satisfied all other applicable conditions established
    by the Committee with respect to such pro rata vesting, and (iii) in
    the event of a Change in Control, Stock-Based Awards will be treated in
    accordance with Section 5.4. In no event may the vesting period of a
    time-based full-value share award be less than three years (on either a
    cliff or graded vesting basis), except that the Committee may award up
    to 10 percent of the shares authorized for issuance under Section 5.1
    with a vesting period of less than three years under such circumstances
    as it deems appropriate.
     
    (b)  Grant of Restricted Stock.  The Committee may grant Restricted
    Stock to any Employee, which Shares will be registered in the name of
    the Participant and held for the Participant by the Company. The
    Participant will have all rights of a stockholder with respect to the
    Shares, including the right to vote and to receive dividends or other
    distributions, except that the Shares may be subject to a vesting
    schedule and will be forfeited if the Participant
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    attempts to sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber or
    dispose of the Shares before the restrictions are satisfied or lapse.
     
    (c)  Grant of Restricted Units.  The Committee may grant Restricted
    Units to any Employee, which Units will be paid in cash or whole Shares
    or a combination of cash and Shares, as determined in the discretion of
    the Committee. The Committee will determine the terms and conditions
    applicable to the grant of Restricted Units, which terms and conditions
    will be set forth in the Award Certificate. For each Restricted Unit
    that vests, one Share will be paid or an amount in cash equal to the
    Fair Market Value of a Share, as set forth in the Award Certificate,
    will be delivered to the Participant on the applicable delivery date.
     
    (d)  Grant of Deferred Stock Units.  The Committee may grant Deferred
    Stock Units to any Employee, which Units will be paid in whole Shares
    upon the Employees Termination of Employment if the restrictions on
    the Units have lapsed. One Share will be paid for each Deferred Stock
    Unit that becomes payable.
     
    (e)  Dividends and Dividend Equivalents.  At the discretion of the
    Committee and as set forth in the applicable Award Certificate,
    dividends issued on Shares may be paid immediately or withheld and
    deferred in the Participants account. In the event of a payment of
    dividends on Common Stock, the Committee may credit Restricted Units
    with Dividend Equivalents in accordance with terms and conditions
    established in the discretion of the Committee. Dividend Equivalents
    will be subject to such vesting terms as is determined by the Committee
    and may be distributed immediately or withheld and deferred in the
    Participants account as determined by the Committee and set forth in
    the applicable Award Certificate. Deferred Stock Units may, in the
    discretion of the Committee and as set forth in the Award Certificate,
    be credited with Dividend Equivalents or additional Deferred Stock
    Units. The number of any Deferred Stock Units credited to a
    Participants account upon the payment of a dividend will be equal to
    the quotient produced by dividing the cash value of the dividend by the
    Fair Market Value of one Share as of the date the dividend is paid. The
    Committee will determine any terms and conditions on deferral of a
    dividend or Dividend Equivalent, including the rate of interest to be
    credited on deferral and whether interest will be compounded.
     
4.7  Director Awards.
 
    (a)           The Committee may grant Deferred Stock Units to each
    Director in such an amount as the Board, in its discretion, may approve
    in advance. Each such Deferred Stock Unit will vest as determined by
    the Committee and set forth in the Award Certificate and will be paid
    in Shares within 30 days following the recipients Termination of
    Directorship, subject to deferral under any applicable deferred
    compensation plan approved by the Committee, in which case the terms of
    such arrangement shall govern. Dividend Equivalents or additional
    Deferred Stock Units will be credited to each Directors account when
    dividends are paid on Common Stock to the shareholders, and will be
    paid to the Director at the same time that the Deferred Stock Units are
    paid to the Director.
     
    (b)           The Committee may grant Director Shares to each Director
    in such amounts as the Board, in its discretion, may approve in
    advance.
     
    (c)           The Committee may, in its discretion, grant Stock
    Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and other Stock-Based Awards to
    Directors.
     
4.8  Substitute Awards.  The Committee may make Awards under the Plan to 
Acquired Grantees through the assumption of, or in substitution for, 
outstanding Stock-Based Awards previously granted to such Acquired 
Grantees. Such assumed or substituted Awards will be subject to the terms 
and conditions of the original awards made by the Acquired Company, with 
such adjustments therein as the Committee considers appropriate to give 
effect to the relevant provisions of any agreement for the acquisition of 
the Acquired Company, provided that any such adjustment with respect to 
Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall satisfy the 
requirements of Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) and otherwise ensure 
that such awards continue to be exempt from Code Section 409A and provided 
that any adjustment to Awards that are subject to Code Section 409A is in 
compliance with Code Section 409A and the regulations and rulings 
thereunder. Any grant of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to this Section 
4.8 will be made in accordance with Section 424 of the Code and any final 
regulations published thereunder.
 
4.9  Limit on Individual Grants.  Subject to Sections 5.1 and 5.3, no 
Employee may be granted more than 6 million Shares over any calendar year 
pursuant to Awards of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and 
performance- based Restricted Stock and Restricted Units, except that an 
incentive Award of no more than 10 million Shares may be made pursuant to 
Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and performance-based Restricted 
Stock and Restricted Units to any
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
person who has been hired within the calendar year as a Key Employee. The 
maximum amount that may be paid in cash or Shares pursuant to Annual 
Performance Bonuses or Long Term Performance Awards paid in Performance 
Units to any one Employee is $10 million (U.S.) for any Performance Cycle 
of 12 months. For any longer Performance Cycle, this maximum will be 
adjusted proportionally.
 
4.10  Termination for Cause; Clawback.  (a) Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary herein, if a Participant incurs a Termination of Directorship or 
Termination of Employment for Cause, then all Stock Options, Stock 
Appreciation Rights, Annual Performance Bonuses, Long Term Performance 
Awards, Restricted Units, Restricted Stock and other Stock-Based Awards 
will immediately be cancelled. The exercise of any Stock Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right or the payment of any Award may be delayed, in the 
Committees discretion, in the event that a potential termination for Cause 
is pending, subject to ensuring an exemption from or compliance with Code 
Section 409A and the underlying regulations and rulings. If a Participant 
incurs a Termination of Employment for Cause, or the Company becomes aware 
(after the Participants Termination of Employment) of conduct on the part 
of the Participant that would be grounds for a Termination of Employment 
for Cause, then the Participant will be required to deliver to the Company 
(i) Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, cash) in an amount that 
is equal in value to the amount of any profit the Participant realized upon 
the exercise of an Option during the period beginning six (6) months prior 
to the Participants Termination of Employment and ending on the two (2) 
year anniversary of such Termination of Employment; and (ii) the number of 
Shares (or, in the discretion of the Committee, the cash value of said 
shares) the Participant received for Restricted Shares, Restricted Units or 
other Stock-Based Awards that vested during the period described in (i) 
above.
 
(b)  In addition, the Committee shall have the authority to establish any 
other terms and conditions applicable to Awards (including the mandatory 
return of all or any portion of the value previously realized by a 
Participant upon the vesting or exercise of an Award) as are deemed 
necessary and/or appropriate to recover amounts mistakenly paid to 
Participants (as a result of incorrect financial data or otherwise), 
including provisions intended to comply with applicable rules adopted or to 
be adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, New York Stock 
Exchange or any other governmental agency or stock exchange having the 
authority to establish rules affecting the payment of compensation under 
this Plan.
 
ARTICLE V
SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN; ADJUSTMENTS
 
5.1  Shares Available.  The Shares issuable under the Plan will be 
authorized but unissued Shares, and, to the extent permissible under 
applicable law, Shares acquired by the Company, any Subsidiary or any other 
person or entity designated by the Company. The original number of shares 
issuable under the Plan on and after the original effective date of the 
Plan (June 29, 2007) was five percent (5%) of the Shares outstanding as of 
that date. The total number of Shares with respect to which Awards may be 
issued under the Plan on and after the Effective Date may equal, but not 
exceed, the total number of shares remaining from the original number of 
shares issuable under the Plan, plus an additional fifteen million 
(15,000,000) shares, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 5.3; 
provided that when Shares are issued pursuant to a grant of Restricted 
Stock, Restricted Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Units or as 
payment of an Annual Performance Bonus or other Stock-Based Award, the 
total number of Shares remaining available for grant will be decreased by a 
margin of at least 1.8 per Share issued. In addition, in the case of the 
settlement of any stock-settled Stock Appreciation Right, the total number 
of Shares available for grant will be decreased by the total number of 
Shares equal in value to the total value of the Stock Appreciation Right on 
the day of settlement. No more than 10 million Shares of the total Shares 
issuable under the Plan may be available for grant in the form of Incentive 
Stock Options.
 
5.2  Counting Rules.  The following Shares related to Awards under this 
Plan may again be available for issuance under the Plan, in addition to the 
Shares described in Section 5.1:
 
    (a)           Shares related to Awards paid in cash;
     
    (b)           Shares related to Awards that expire, are forfeited or
    cancelled or terminate for any other reason without issuance of Shares,
    and provided that each such forfeited, cancelled or terminated Share
    that was originally issued pursuant to a grant of Restricted Stock,
    Restricted Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Units or as payment
    of an Annual Performance Bonus or other Stock- Based Award shall be
    counted as 1.8 Share;
     
    (c)           Any Shares issued in connection with Awards that are
    assumed, converted or substituted as a result of the acquisition of an
    Acquired Company by the Company or a combination of the Company with
    another company; and
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (d)           Any Shares of Restricted Stock that are returned to the
    Company upon a Participants Termination of Employment.
     
5.3  Adjustments.  In the event of a change in the outstanding Shares by 
reason of a stock split, reverse stock split, dividend or other 
distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or 
other property), extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, merger, 
consolidation, split-up, spin-off, reorganization, combination, repurchase 
or exchange of Shares or other securities or similar corporate transaction 
or event, the Committee shall make an appropriate adjustment to prevent 
dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to 
be made available under the Plan. Any such adjustment with respect to 
Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall satisfy the 
requirements of Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) and otherwise ensure 
that such awards continue to be exempt from Code Section 409A, and any 
adjustment to Awards that are subject to Code Section 409A shall comply 
with Code Section 409A and the regulations and rulings thereunder. Any 
adjustment made by the Committee under this Section 5.3 will be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes under the Plan.
 
5.4  Change in Control.
 
    (a)           Unless otherwise provided under the terms of an
    applicable Award Certificate, (i) all outstanding Stock Options and
    Stock Appreciation Rights will become exercisable as of the effective
    date of a Participants Change in Control Termination if the Awards are
    not otherwise vested, and all conditions will be waived with respect to
    outstanding Restricted Stock, Restricted Units and other Stock-Based
    Awards (other than Long Term Performance Awards) and Deferred Stock
    Units, and (ii) each Participant who has been granted an Annual
    Performance Bonus or Long Term Performance Award that is outstanding as
    of the date of such Participants Change in Control Termination will be
    deemed to have achieved a level of performance, as of the Change in
    Control Termination, that would cause all (100%) of the Participants
    Target Amounts to become payable and all restrictions on the
    Participants Restricted Units and Shares of Restricted Stock to lapse.
    Unless the Committee determines otherwise in its discretion (either
    when the award is granted or any time thereafter), in the event that
    Awards outstanding as of the date of a Change in Control that are
    payable in shares of Company Common Stock will not be substituted with
    comparable awards payable or redeemable in shares of publicly-traded
    stock after the Change in Control, each such outstanding Award (i) will
    become fully vested (at target, where applicable) immediately prior to
    the Change in Control and (ii) each such Award that is a Stock Option
    will be settled in cash, without the Participants consent, for an
    amount equal to the amount that could have been attained upon the
    exercise of such Award immediately prior to the Change in Control had
    such Award been exercisable or payable at such time.
     
    (b)           In addition to the other actions described in Section
    5.4(a), in the event of a Change in Control the Committee may take any
    one or more of the following actions with respect to any or all
    outstanding Awards, without the consent of the Participant: (i) the
    Committee may determine that outstanding Stock Options and Stock
    Appreciation Rights shall be fully exercisable, and restrictions on
    Restricted Stock, Restricted Units, Deferred Stock Units and other
    Stock-Based Awards shall lapse, as of the date of the Change in Control
    or such other time (prior to a Participants Change in Control
    Termination) as the Committee determines, (ii) the Committee may
    require that a Participant surrender their outstanding Stock Options
    and Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for one or more payments by
    the Company, in cash or Common Stock as determined by the Committee, in
    an amount equal to the amount by which the then Fair Market Value of
    the shares of Common Stock subject to the Participants unexercised
    Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights exceeds the exercise price,
    if any, and on such terms as the Committee determines, (iii) after
    giving Participants an opportunity to exercise their outstanding Stock
    Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the Committee may terminate any
    or all unexercised Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights at such
    time as the Committee deems appropriate, (iv) the Committee may
    determine that Annual Performance Bonuses and/or Long Term Performance
    Awards will be paid out at their target level, in cash or Common Stock
    as determined by the Committee, or (v) the Committee may determine that
    Awards that remain outstanding after the Change in Control shall be
    converted to similar grants of, or assumed by, the surviving
    corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation or
    successor). Such acceleration, surrender, termination, settlement or
    conversion shall take place as of the date of the Change in Control or
    such other date as the Committee may specify. The Committee may specify
    how an Award will be treated in the event of a Change in Control either
    when the Award is granted or at any time thereafter, except as
    otherwise provided herein.
     
5.5  Fractional Shares.  No fractional Shares will be issued under the 
Plan. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.5(e), if a Participant 
acquires the right to receive a fractional Share under the Plan, the 
Participant will receive, in lieu of the fractional Share, a full Share as 
of the date of settlement, unless otherwise provided by the Committee.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE VI
AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION
 
6.1  Amendment.  The Plan may be amended at any time and from time to time 
by the Board without the approval of stockholders of the Company, except 
that no material revision to the terms of the Plan will be effective until 
the amendment is approved by the stockholders of the Company. A revision is 
material for this purpose if, among other changes, it materially 
increases the number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (other 
than an increase pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Plan), expands the types of 
Awards available under the Plan, materially expands the class of persons 
eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, materially extends the term of 
the Plan, materially decreases the Exercise Price at which Stock Options or 
Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted, reduces the Exercise Price of 
outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, or results in the 
replacement of outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights with 
new Awards that have an Exercise Price that is lower than the Exercise 
Price of the replaced Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. No 
amendment of the Plan or any outstanding Award made without the 
Participants written consent may adversely affect any right of a 
Participant with respect to an outstanding Award.
 
6.2  Termination.  The Plan will terminate upon the earlier of the 
following dates or events to occur:
 
    (a)           the adoption of a resolution of the Board terminating the
    Plan; or
     
    (b)           the day before the 10th anniversary of the adoption of
    the Plan by the Companys shareholder as described in Section 1.2.
     
No Awards will be granted under this Plan after it has terminated. The 
termination of the Plan, however, will not alter or impair any of the 
rights or obligations of any person under any Award previously granted 
under the Plan without such persons consent. After the termination of the 
Plan, any previously granted Awards will remain in effect and will continue 
to be governed by the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award 
Certificate.
 
ARTICLE VII
GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
7.1  Nontransferability of Awards.  No Award under the Plan will be subject 
in any manner to alienation, anticipation, sale, assignment, pledge, 
encumbrance or transfer, and no other persons will otherwise acquire any 
rights therein, except as provided below.
 
    (a)           Any Award may be transferred by will or by the laws of
    descent or distribution.
     
    (b)           The Committee may provide in the applicable Award
    Certificate that all or any part of a Nonqualified Option or Shares of
    Restricted Stock may, subject to the prior written consent of the
    Committee, be transferred to a family member. For purposes of this
    subsection (b), family member includes any child, stepchild,
    grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse,
    sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law,
    daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of the Participant,
    including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the Participants
    household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these
    persons have more than 50 percent of the beneficial interest, a
    foundation in which these persons (or the Participant) control the
    management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or
    the Participant) own more than 50 percent of the voting interests.
     
    Any transferred Award will be subject to all of the same terms and
    conditions as provided in the Plan and the applicable Award
    Certificate. The Participant or the Participants estate will remain
    liable for any withholding tax that may be imposed by any federal,
    state or local tax authority. The Committee may, in its discretion,
    disallow all or a part of any transfer of an Award pursuant to this
    subsection (b) unless and until the Participant makes arrangements
    satisfactory to the Committee for the payment of any withholding tax.
    The Participant must immediately notify the Committee, in the form and
    manner required by the Committee, of any proposed transfer of an Award
    pursuant to this subsection (b). No transfer will be effective until
    the Committee consents to the transfer in writing.
     
    (c)           Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award
    Certificate, any Nonqualified Stock Option transferred by a Participant
    pursuant to this subsection (c) may be exercised by the transferee only
    to the extent that the Award would have been exercisable by the
    Participant had no transfer occurred. The transfer of Shares upon
    exercise of the Award will be conditioned on the payment of any
    withholding tax.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (d)           Restricted Stock may be freely transferred after the
    restrictions lapse or are satisfied and the Shares are delivered,
    provided, however, that Restricted Stock awarded to an affiliate of the
    Company may be transferred only pursuant to Rule 144 under the
    Securities Act, or pursuant to an effective registration for resale
    under the Securities Act. For purposes of this subsection (d),
    affiliate will have the meaning assigned to that term under Rule 144.
     
    (e)           In no event may a Participant transfer an Incentive Stock
    Option other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
     
7.2  Withholding of Taxes.  The Committee, in its discretion, may satisfy a 
Participants tax withholding obligations by any of the following methods 
or any method as it determines to be in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which the Participant resides, has domicile or performs 
services.
 
    (a)  Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.  As a condition to
    the delivery of Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option or
    Stock Appreciation Right, the Committee may require that the
    Participant, at the time of exercise, pay to the Company by cash,
    certified check, bank draft, wire transfer or postal or express money
    order an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding
    obligations. The Committee may also, in its discretion, accept payment
    of tax withholding obligations through any of the Exercise Price
    payment methods described in Section 4.3(d).
     
    (b)  Other Awards Payable in Shares.  The Participant shall satisfy the
    Participants tax withholding obligations arising in connection with
    the release of restrictions on Restricted Units, Restricted Stock and
    other Stock- Based Awards by payment to the Company in cash or by
    certified check, bank draft, wire transfer or postal or express money
    order, provided that the format is approved by the Company or a
    designated third-party administrator. However, subject to any
    requirements of applicable law, the Company may also satisfy the
    Participants tax withholding obligations by other methods, including
    selling or withholding Shares that would otherwise be available for
    delivery, provided that the Board or the Committee has specifically
    approved such payment method in advance.
     
    (c)  Cash Awards.  The Company may satisfy a Participants tax
    withholding obligation arising in connection with the payment of any
    Award in cash by withholding cash from such payment.
     
7.3  Special Forfeiture Provision.  The Committee may, in its discretion, 
provide in an Award Certificate that the Participant may not, within two 
years of the Participants Termination of Employment with the Company, 
enter into any employment or consultation arrangement (including service as 
an agent, partner, stockholder, consultant, officer or director) with any 
entity or person engaged in any business in which the Company or any 
Subsidiary is engaged without prior written approval of the Committee if, 
in the sole judgment of the Committee, the business is competitive with the 
Company or any Subsidiary or business unit or such employment or 
consultation arrangement would present a risk that the Participant would 
likely disclose Company proprietary information (as determined by the 
Committee). If the Committee makes a determination that this prohibition 
has been violated, the Participant (i) will forfeit all rights under any 
outstanding Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right that was granted 
subject to the Award Certificate and will return to the Company the amount 
of any profit realized upon an exercise of all Awards during the period, as 
the Committee determines and sets forth in the Award Certificate, beginning 
no earlier than six months prior to the Participants Termination of 
Employment, and (ii) will forfeit and return to the Company any Annual 
Performance Bonuses, Performance Units, Shares of Restricted Stock, 
Restricted Units (including any credited Dividend Equivalents), Deferred 
Stock Units, and other Stock-Based Awards that are outstanding on the date 
of the Participants Termination of Employment, subject to the Award 
Certificate, and have not vested or that had vested and remain subject to 
this Section 7.3 during a period, as the Committee determines and sets 
forth in the Award Certificate, beginning no earlier than six months prior 
to the Participants Termination of Employment.
 
7.4  No Implied Rights.  The establishment and operation of the Plan, 
including the eligibility of a Participant to participate in the Plan, will 
not be construed as conferring any legal or other right upon any Director 
for any continuation of directorship or any Employee for the continuation 
of employment through the end of any Performance Cycle or other period. The 
Company expressly reserves the right, which may be exercised at any time 
and in the Companys sole discretion, to discharge any individual or treat 
him or her without regard to the effect such discharge might have upon him 
or her as a Participant in the Plan.
 
7.5  No Obligation to Exercise Awards.  The grant of a Stock Option or 
Stock Appreciation Right will impose no obligation upon the Participant to 
exercise the Award.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.6  No Rights as Stockholders.  A Participant who is granted an Award 
under the Plan will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with 
respect to the Award unless and until certificates for the Shares 
underlying the Award are registered in the Participants name and (other 
than in the case of Restricted Stock) delivered to the Participant. The 
right of any Participant to receive an Award by virtue of participation in 
the Plan will be no greater than the right of any unsecured general 
creditor of the Company.
 
7.7  Indemnification of Committee.  The Company will indemnify, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, each person made or threatened to be made 
a party to any civil or criminal action or proceeding by reason of the fact 
that the person, or the executor or administrator of the persons estate, 
is or was a member of the Committee or a delegate of the Committee.
 
7.8  No Required Segregation of Assets.  Neither the Company nor any 
Subsidiary will be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be 
represented by Awards granted pursuant to the Plan.
 
7.9  Nature of Payments.  All Awards made pursuant to the Plan are in 
consideration of services for the Company or a Subsidiary. Any gain 
realized pursuant to Awards under the Plan constitutes a special incentive 
payment to the Participant and will not be taken into account as 
compensation for purposes of any other employee benefit plan of the Company 
or a Subsidiary, except as the Committee otherwise provides. The adoption 
of the Plan will have no effect on Awards made or to be made under any 
other benefit plan covering an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary or 
any predecessor or successor of the Company or a Subsidiary.
 
7.10  Securities Law Compliance.  Awards under the Plan are intended to 
satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. If any 
provision of this Plan or any grant of an Award would otherwise frustrate 
or conflict with this intent, that provision will be interpreted and deemed 
amended so as to avoid conflict. No Participant will be entitled to a 
grant, exercise, transfer or payment of any Award if the grant, exercise, 
transfer or payment would violate the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002 or any other applicable law.
 
7.11  Section 409A Compliance.  To the extent the Committee determines that 
any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, 
the Award Certificate evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and 
conditions required by Section 409A of the Code. To the extent applicable, 
the Plan and the Award Certificate will be interpreted in accordance with 
Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other 
interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any 
such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective 
Date. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan, in the event that the 
Committee determines that any Award may be subject to Section 409A of the 
Code, the Committee may adopt such amendments to the Plan and/or the 
applicable Award Certificate or adopt policies and procedures or take any 
other action or actions, including an action or amendment with retroactive 
effect, that the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate to (i) 
exempt the Award from the application of Section 409A of the Code or (ii) 
comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Any Award that 
provides for a payment to any Participant who is a specified employee of 
deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A(a)(2) and that 
becomes payable upon, or that is accelerated upon, such Participants 
Termination of Employment, shall also provide that no such payment shall be 
made on or before the date which is six months following such Participants 
Termination of Employment (or, if earlier, such Participants death). A 
specified employee for this purpose shall be determined by the Committee or 
its delegate in accordance with the provisions of Code Section 409A and the 
regulations and rulings thereunder.
 
7.12  Governing Law, Severability.  The Plan and all determinations made 
and actions taken under the Plan will be governed by the law of Switzerland 
and construed accordingly. If any provision of the Plan is held unlawful or 
otherwise invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the unlawfulness, 
invalidity or unenforceability will not affect any other parts of the Plan, 
which parts will remain in full force and effect.
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

