 EX-10.2 3 dex102.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK 
AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.2


PC Connection, Inc.


Restricted Stock Agreement


The terms and conditions of the award of shares of restricted common stock 
of the Company (the Restricted Shares) made to the Recipient, as set 
forth on the cover page of this Agreement, are as follows:


1. Issuance of Restricted Shares.

(a) The Restricted Shares are issued to the Recipient, effective as of the 
Grant Date (as set forth on the cover page of this Agreement), in 
consideration of employment services rendered and to be rendered by the 
Recipient to the Company.

(b) As promptly as practicable following the Grant Date, the Company shall 
issue one or more certificates in the name of the Recipient for the 
Restricted Shares. Such certificate(s) shall initially be held on behalf of 
the Recipient by the Secretary of the Company. Following the vesting of any 
Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 2 below, the Secretary shall, if 
requested by the Recipient, deliver to the Recipient a certificate 
representing the vested Restricted Shares. The Recipient agrees that the 
Restricted Shares shall be subject to the forfeiture provisions set forth 
in Section 3 of this Agreement and the restrictions on transfer set forth 
in Section 4 of this Agreement.


2. Vesting Schedule. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or the 
Plan, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the vesting 
schedule set forth on Schedule A attached hereto. Any fractional number of 
Restricted Shares resulting from the application of the foregoing 
percentages shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Restricted 
Shares.


3. Forfeiture of Unvested Restricted Shares and any Accrued Dividends Upon 
Employment Termination.

In the event that the Recipient ceases to be employed by the Company for 
any reason or no reason, with or without cause, all of the Restricted 
Shares, as well as any Accrued Dividends (as defined below) declared by the 
Company with respect to such unvested Restricted Shares, that are unvested 
as of the time of such employment termination shall be forfeited 
immediately and automatically to the Company, without the payment of any 
consideration to the Recipient, effective as of such termination of 
employment. The Recipient hereby authorizes the Company to take any actions 
necessary or appropriate to cancel any certificate(s) representing 
forfeited Restricted Shares and transfer ownership of such forfeited 
Restricted Shares to the Company; and if the Company or its transfer agent 
requires an executed stock power or similar confirmatory instrument in 
connection with such cancellation and transfer, the Recipient shall 
promptly execute and deliver the same to the Company. The Recipient shall 
have no further rights with respect to any Restricted Shares or Accrued 
Dividends that are so forfeited. If the Recipient is employed by a 
subsidiary of the Company, any references in this Agreement to employment 
with the Company shall instead be deemed to refer to employment with such 
subsidiary.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
4. Restrictions on Transfer.

The Recipient shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or 
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively 
transfer) any Restricted Shares or any Accrued Dividends with respect 
thereto, or any interest therein, until such Restricted Shares and 
associated Accrued Dividends, if any have vested, except that the Recipient 
may transfer such Restricted Shares and associated Accrued Dividends, if 
any,: (a) to or for the benefit of any spouse, children, parents, uncles, 
aunts, siblings, grandchildren and any other relatives approved by the 
Compensation Committee (collectively, Approved Relatives) or to a trust 
established solely for the benefit of the Recipient and/or Approved 
Relatives, provided that such Restricted Shares and associated Accrued 
Dividends, if any, shall remain subject to this Agreement (including 
without limitation the forfeiture provisions set forth in Section 3 and the 
restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4) and such permitted 
transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a 
written instrument confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or (b) as part of the sale of 
all or substantially all of the shares of capital stock of the Company 
(including pursuant to a merger or consolidation); provided that the cash, 
securities or other property received by the Participant in connection with 
such transaction shall remain subject to this Agreement. The Company shall 
not be required (i) to transfer on its books any of the Restricted Shares 
which have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of such Restricted Shares or to pay 
dividends to any transferee to whom such Restricted Shares have been 
transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement.


5. Restrictive Legends.

All certificates representing Restricted Shares shall have affixed thereto 
a legend in substantially the following form, in addition to any other 
legends that may be required under applicable law:


These shares of stock are subject to forfeiture provisions and 
restrictions on transfer set forth in a certain Restricted Stock Agreement 
between the corporation and the registered owner of these shares (or his or 
her predecessor in interest), and such Agreement is available for 
inspection without charge at the office of the Secretary of the 
corporation.


6. Rights as a Shareholder.

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, for so long as the 
Recipient is the registered owner of the Restricted Shares, the Recipient 
shall have all rights as a shareholder with respect to the Restricted 
Shares, whether vested or unvested, including, without limitation, any 
rights to receive dividends and distributions with respect to the 
Restricted Shares and to vote the Restricted Shares and act in respect of 
the Restricted Shares at any meeting of shareholders. If any such dividends 
or distributions are paid in shares, or consist of a dividend or 
distribution to holders of common stock other than a ordinary cash 
dividend, the shares, cash or other property will be subject to the same 
restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Shares 
with respect to which they were paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any 
ordinary cash dividends declared and paid by the Company with respect to 
unvested Restricted Shares (Accrued Dividends) shall be paid to the 
Recipient, without interest, only if and when such Restricted Shares vest 
and then within 30 days of such vesting.


7. Provisions of the Plan.

This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which is 
furnished to the Recipient with this Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
8. Tax Matters.

(a) Acknowledgments; Section 83(b) Election. The Recipient acknowledges 
that he or she is responsible for obtaining the advice of the Recipients 
own tax advisors with respect to the acquisition of the Restricted Shares 
and the Recipient is relying solely on such advisors and not on any 
statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents with 
respect to the tax consequences relating to the Restricted Shares and any 
Accrued Dividends. The Recipient understands that the Recipient (and not 
the Company) shall be responsible for the Recipients tax liability that 
may arise in connection with the acquisition, vesting and/or disposition of 
the Restricted Shares and with respect to any Accrued Dividends. The 
Recipient acknowledges that he or she has been informed of the availability 
of making an election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as 
amended, with respect to the issuance of the Restricted Shares and that the 
Recipient has decided not to file a Section 83(b) election.

(b) Withholding. The Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the Company has 
the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the 
Recipient any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind required by 
law to be withheld with respect to the vesting of the Restricted Shares and 
the payment of any Accrued Dividends. On each date on which Restricted 
Shares vest, the Company shall deliver written notice to the Recipient of 
the amount of withholding taxes due, if any, with respect to the vesting of 
the Restricted Shares that vest on such date (and the payment of any 
Accrued Dividends on such date); provided, however, that the total tax 
withholding cannot exceed the Companys minimum statutory withholding 
obligations (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and 
state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such 
supplemental taxable income). The Recipient shall satisfy such tax 
withholding obligations by the Company retaining, on each date on which 
Restricted Shares vest under this Agreement, such number of shares of 
common stock that are issuable with respect to such Restricted Shares as 
have a fair market value (calculated using the last reported sale price of 
the common stock of the Company on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on such 
vesting date, or if such vesting date is not a NASDAQ Global Select Market 
trading day, then on the trading day immediately preceding such vesting 
date) equal to the amount of the Companys statutory minimum tax 
withholding obligation in connection with the vesting of such Restricted 
Shares. The retention of common stock by the Company shall happen 
automatically, without any action required on the part of the Recipient, 
and the Company is hereby authorized to take such actions as are necessary 
to effect such retention.


9. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Right to Continued Employment. The Recipient acknowledges and agrees 
that, notwithstanding the fact of the vesting of the Restricted Shares and 
Accrued Dividends, if any, is contingent upon his or her continued 
employment by the Company this Agreement does not constitute an express or 
implied promise of continued employment or confer upon the Recipient any 
rights with respect to continued employment by the Company.

(b) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and 
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State Delaware without 
regard to any applicable conflicts of laws provisions.

(c) Recipients Acknowledgments. The Recipient acknowledges that he or she 
has read this Agreement, has received and read the Plan, and understands 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
PC Connection, Inc.


Restricted Stock Agreement
 

 Name of Recipient:

  	
  
  	

 Number of shares of restricted common stock awarded:

  	
  
  	

 Grant Date:

  	
  
  	


PC Connection, Inc. (the Company) has selected you to receive the 
restricted stock award described above, which is subject to the provisions 
of the Companys Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 
Plan) and the terms and conditions contained in this Restricted Stock 
Agreement. Please confirm your acceptance of this restricted stock award 
and of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by signing a copy of this 
Agreement where indicated below.
 
PC Connection, Inc.
By: 	  	
 
  	[insert name and title]
 
Accepted and Agreed:
 
[insert name of recipient]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Schedule A