 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm ADVISORY AGREEMENT

 
Exhibit 10.1


AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT


THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (this AGREEMENT), dated as 
of July 11, 2010 and effective as of July 11, 2010 (the EFFECTIVE DATE), 
is by and among WELLS TIMBERLAND REIT, INC., a Maryland corporation (the 
COMPANY), WELLS TIMBERLAND OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the PARTNERSHIP), and WELLS TIMBERLAND MANAGEMENT 
ORGANIZATION, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (the ADVISOR).


WITNESSETH


WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (the REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT) covering the initial public offering of its common stock, par 
value $0.01 per share, and the SEC declared the Registration Statement 
effective on August 6, 2009;


WHEREAS, the Company intends to qualify as a REIT (as defined below), and 
intends to invest its funds in investments permitted by the terms of the 
Companys Articles of Incorporation and Sections 856 through 860 of the 
Code (as defined below);


WHEREAS, the Company is the general partner of the Partnership and intends 
to conduct all of its business and make all of its investments in 
Properties through the Partnership;


WHEREAS, the Company and the Partnership desire to avail themselves of the 
experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain 
facilities available to the Advisor and to have the Advisor undertake the 
duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and 
subject to the supervision of, the Board of Directors of the Company all as 
provided herein; and


WHEREAS, the Advisor is willing to undertake to render such services, 
subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors, on the terms and 
conditions hereinafter set forth.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:


1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the 
definitions hereinafter indicated:


ACQUISITION EXPENSES. Any and all expenses incurred by the Company, the 
Partnership, the Advisor, or any Affiliate of either in connection with the 
selection, acquisition or development of any Property, whether or not 
acquired, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel 
and communications expenses, costs of appraisals, nonrefundable option 
payments on property not acquired, accounting fees and expenses, and title 
insurance premiums.


ADVISOR. Wells Timberland Management Organization, LLC, a Georgia limited 
liability company, any successor advisor to the Company, the Partnership or 
any Person(s) to which Wells Timberland Management Organization, LLC, or 
any successor advisor, subcontracts substantially all of its functions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
AFFILIATE OR AFFILIATED. An Affiliate of another Person includes only the 
following: (i) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled 
by, or under common control with such other Person; (ii) any Person 
directly or indirectly owning, controlling, or holding with the power to 
vote 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; 
(iii) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, 
director, trustee, or general partner, (iv) any Person 10% or more of whose 
outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled, 
or held, with power to vote, by such other Person; and (v) any executive 
officer, director, trustee, or general partner of such other Person. An 
entity shall not be deemed to control or be under common control with an 
Advisor-sponsored program unless (i) the entity owns 10% or more of the 
voting equity interests of such program or (ii) a majority of the board (or 
equivalent governing body) of such program is comprised of Affiliates of 
the entity.


APPRAISED VALUE. Value according to an appraisal made by an Independent 
Appraiser.


ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION. The Articles of Incorporation of the Company 
under Title 2 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated 
Code of Maryland, as amended from time to time.


ASSET MANAGEMENT FEE. A monthly fee in an amount equal to one-twelfth of 
1.0% of the sum of (a) the actual amount invested on behalf of the Company 
in the Properties (including any incurred or assumed indebtedness related 
to the Properties and any capital improvements made subsequent to the 
initial investment) plus (b) with respect to Joint Ventures, the actual 
amount invested on behalf of the Company in the Joint Ventures plus the 
Companys allocable share of capital improvements made by the Joint Venture 
from cash flows generated by the Joint Venture, until such time as Advisor 
may estimate the value of all interests the Company holds in Properties or 
Joint Ventures for ERISA reporting purposes; and after such time, ASSET 
MANAGEMENT FEE means a monthly fee in an amount equal to one-twelfth of 
1.0% of the greater of (1) the sum of (x) the actual amount invested on 
behalf of the Company in the Properties (including any incurred or assumed 
indebtedness related to the Properties and any capital improvements made 
subsequent to the initial investment) plus (y) with respect to Joint 
Ventures, the actual amount invested on behalf of the Company in the Joint 
Ventures plus the Companys allocable share of capital improvements made by 
the Joint Venture from cash flows generated by the Joint Venture, or (2) 
the aggregate value of the Companys interest in the Properties and Joint 
Ventures as established in connection with the most recent estimated 
valuation to assist ERISA fiduciaries in fulfilling their annual valuation 
and reporting responsibilities.


AVERAGE INVESTED ASSETS. For a specified period, the average of the 
aggregate book value of the assets of the Company invested, directly or 
indirectly, in Properties and Loans secured by real estate before reserves 
for depreciation, depletion, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves, 
computed by taking the average of such values at the end of each month 
during such period.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS OR BOARD. The persons holding such office, as of any 
particular time, under the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, 
whether they be the
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Directors named therein or additional or successor Directors.


BYLAWS. The bylaws of the Company, as the same are in effect from time to 
time.


CAPPED O&O EXPENSES. All Organizational and Offering Expenses other than 
(i) with respect to any Offering of Shares registered with the SEC, the 
selling commissions and the dealer manager fee described under the heading 
Plan of Distribution in the prospectus that forms part of the 
registration statement with respect to such Offering, and (ii) with respect 
to any Offering of Shares that is not registered with the SEC, any expenses 
in connection with such un-registered Offering.


CAUSE. With respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal 
conduct, willful misconduct or willful or grossly negligent breach of 
fiduciary duty by the Advisor, or a material breach of this Agreement by 
the Advisor, provided that (i) the Advisor does not cure any such material 
breach within 60 days of receiving notice of such material breach from the 
Company or the Partnership, or (ii) such material breach is not of a nature 
that can be remedied within such period.


CODE. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any 
successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Code shall 
mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be 
amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any 
applicable regulations as in effect from time to time.


COMPANY. Wells Timberland REIT, Inc., a corporation organized under the 
laws of the State of Maryland.


COMPETITIVE REAL ESTATE COMMISSION. A real estate or brokerage commission 
for the purchase or sale of property which is reasonable, customary, and 
competitive in light of the size, type, and location of the property.


CONTRACT SALES PRICE. The total consideration received by the Company for 
the sale of a Property.


DIRECTOR. A member of the Board of Directors of the Company.


DISTRIBUTIONS. Any distributions of money or other property by the Company 
to owners of Shares, including distributions that may constitute a return 
of capital for federal income tax purposes.


GOOD REASON. With respect to the termination of this Agreement, (i) any 
failure to obtain a satisfactory agreement from any successor to the 
Company and the Partnership to assume and agree to perform the Companys 
and the Partnerships obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) any 
material breach of this Agreement by the Company, provided that (x) the 
Company does not cure such material breach within 60 days of receiving 
notice of such material breach from the Advisor, or (y) such material 
breach is not of a nature that can be remedied within such period.


GROSS PROCEEDS. The aggregate cash purchase price of all Shares sold for 
the
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
account of the Company through an Offering, without deduction for 
Organization and Offering Expenses.


INDEPENDENT APPRAISER. A person or entity with no material current or prior 
business or personal relationship with the Advisor or the Directors, who is 
engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions 
regarding the value of assets of the type held by the Company, and who is a 
qualified appraiser of real estate as determined by the Board. Membership 
in a nationally recognized appraisal society such as the American Institute 
of Real Estate Appraisers or the Society of Real Estate Appraisers shall be 
conclusive evidence of such qualification.


INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR. A Director who is not and within the last two years 
has not been directly or indirectly associated with the Advisor by virtue 
of (i) ownership of an interest in the Advisor or its Affiliates, (ii) 
employment by the Advisor or its Affiliates, (iii) service as an officer or 
director of the Advisor or its Affiliates, (iv) performance of services, 
other than as a Director, for the Company, (v) service as a director or 
trustee of more than three real estate investment trusts advised by the 
Advisor, or (vi) maintenance of a material business or professional 
relationship with the Advisor or any of its Affiliates. A business or 
professional relationship is considered material if the gross revenue 
derived by the Director from the Advisor and Affiliates exceeds 5% of 
either the Directors annual gross revenue during either of the last two 
years or the Directors net worth on a fair market value basis. An indirect 
relationship shall include circumstances in which a Directors spouse, 
parents, children, siblings, mothers or fathers-in-law, sons or 
daughters-in-law, or brothers or sisters-in-law is or has been associated 
with the Advisor, any of its Affiliates, or the Company.


JOINT VENTURE. Any joint venture, limited liability company or other 
Affiliate of the Company (other than the Partnership) that owns, in whole 
or in part on behalf of the Company, any Properties.


LISTING. The term LISTING shall mean that the Shares have been approved 
for trading on a national securities exchange. Upon such Listing, the 
Shares shall be deemed Listed.


NASAA GUIDELINES. The NASAA Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate 
Investment Trusts as in effect on the date hereof.


NET ASSETS. The total assets of the Company (other than intangibles) at 
cost, before deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debt or other 
non-cash reserves, less total liabilities, calculated quarterly by the 
Company of a basis consistently applied.


NET INCOME. For any period, the total revenues applicable to such period, 
less the total expenses applicable to such period excluding additions to 
reserves for depreciation, depletion, bad debts or other similar non-cash 
reserves; provided, however, Net Income for purposes of calculating total 
allowable Operating Expenses (as defined herein) shall exclude the gain 
from the sale of the Companys assets.


OFFERING. Any offering of Shares, whether or not such offering is 
registered with the SEC, but excluding Shares offered under any employee 
benefit plan.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
OFFERING STAGE. The period from the commencement of the Companys initial 
public equity offering through the termination of the Companys last public 
equity offering prior to Listing. For purposes of this definition, public 
equity offering does not include offerings on behalf of selling 
stockholders or offerings related to a dividend reinvestment plan, employee 
benefit plan or the redemption of interests in the Partnership.


OPERATING EXPENSES. All costs and expenses incurred by the Company, as 
determined under generally accepted accounting principles, which in any way 
are related to the operation of the Company or to Company business, 
including fees paid to the Advisor, but excluding (i) the expenses of 
raising capital such as Organization and Offering Expenses, legal, audit, 
accounting, underwriting, brokerage, listing, registration, and other fees, 
printing and other such expenses and tax incurred in connection with the 
issuance, distribution, transfer, registration and Listing of the Shares, 
(ii) interest payments, (iii) taxes, (iv) non-cash expenditures such as 
depreciation, amortization and bad loan reserves, (v) incentive fees paid 
in compliance with Section IV.F of the NASAA Guidelines and (vi) 
Acquisition Expenses, real estate commissions on resale of property, and 
other expenses connected with the acquisition, disposition, and ownership 
of real estate interests, mortgage loans or other property (such as the 
costs of foreclosure, insurance premiums, legal services, maintenance, 
repair and improvement of property).


ORGANIZATION AND OFFERING EXPENSES. All expenses incurred by and to be paid 
from the assets of the Company in connection with and in preparing the 
Company for (i) registration of and subsequently offering and distributing 
its Shares to the public, which may include but are not limited to, total 
underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions (including fees of the 
underwriters attorneys); (ii) offering and distributing its Shares in 
private placements or any other Offerings that are not registered with the 
SEC, which may include but are not limited to, total placement agent fees 
and commissions (including fees of the placement agents attorneys) and 
initial compliance and reporting set-up fees; (iii) expenses for printing, 
engraving and mailing; (iv) salaries of employees while engaged in sales, 
education and marketing activities; (v) charges of transfer agents, 
registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositaries and experts; and (vi) 
expenses of registration and qualification of the sale of the securities, 
including taxes and fees, accountants and attorneys fees.


PARTNERSHIP. Wells Timberland Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership formed to own and operate properties on behalf of the 
Company.


PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. The Agreement of Limited Partnership of the 
Partnership, as amended from time to time, between the Company, as General 
Partner and the Advisor, as the initial Limited Partner.


PERSON. An individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust (including a 
trust qualified under Section 401(a) or 501(c) (17) of the Code), a portion 
of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the 
purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private 
foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock 
company or other entity, or any government or any agency or political 
subdivision thereof, and also includes a group as that term is used for 
purposes of Section 13(d) (3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
PROPERTY OR PROPERTIES. Any real property or properties, or any portion 
thereof, transferred or conveyed to the Company or the Partnership, either 
directly or indirectly.


REIT. A real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the 
Code.


REAL ESTATE DISPOSITION FEE. The fee payable to the Advisor under certain 
circumstances in connection with the Sale of one or more Properties 
pursuant to Section 8 (b).


SALE OR SALES. (i) Any transaction or series of transactions whereby: (A) 
the Company or the Partnership sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or 
relinquishes its ownership of any Property or portion thereof, including 
the lease of any Property consisting of the building only, and including 
any event with respect to any Property which gives rise to a significant 
amount of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards; (B) the Company or the 
Partnership sells, puts, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership 
of all or substantially all of the interest of the Company or the 
Partnership in any joint venture in which it is a co-venturer or partner; 
or (C) any joint venture in which the Company or the Partnership as a 
co-venturer or partner sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes 
its ownership of any Property or portion thereof, including any event with 
respect to any Property which gives rise to insurance claims or 
condemnation awards, but (ii) not including any transaction or series of 
transactions specified in clause (i) (A), (i) (B), or (i) (C) above in 
which the proceeds of such transaction or series of transactions are 
reinvested in one or more Properties within 180 days thereafter.


SHARES. Shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share.


SPECIAL UNITS. The separate series of limited partnership interests issued 
to Wells Capital, Inc. pursuant to the Partnership Agreement as referenced 
in Section 8(c), which Wells Capital, Inc. subsequently transferred to 
Wells Timberland Management Organization, LLC.


STOCKHOLDERS. The registered holders of the Shares.


TERMINATION DATE. The date of termination of the Agreement.


TERMINATION EVENT. The termination or nonrenewal of this Agreement (i) in 
connection with a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction 
involving the Company, (ii) by the Advisor for Good Reason or (iii) by the 
Company and the Operating Partnership other than for Cause.


TIMBER MANAGER. Any entity that has been retained to perform and carry out 
property management services at one or more of the Properties, excluding 
persons, entities or independent contractors retained or hired to perform 
facility management or other services or tasks at a particular Property.


2%/25% GUIDELINES. The requirement pursuant to the NASAA Guidelines that, 
in any 12-month period, total Operating Expenses not exceed the greater of 
2% of the Companys Average Invested Assets during such 12-month period or 
25% of the Companys Net Income over the same 12-month period.


2. APPOINTMENT. The Company and the Partnership appoints the Advisor to
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
serve as its advisor and asset manager as of the Effective Date, on the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Advisor accepts 
such appointment as of the Effective Date.


3. DUTIES AND AUTHORITY OF THE ADVISOR. The Advisor undertakes to use its 
reasonable efforts (1) to present to the Company and the Partnership 
potential investment opportunities to provide a continuing and suitable 
investment program consistent with (i) the investment objectives and 
policies of the Company as determined and adopted from time to time by the 
Board and (ii) the investment allocation method described at Section 10(b) 
of this Agreement and (2) to manage, administer, promote, maintain, and 
improve the Properties on an overall portfolio basis in a diligent manner. 
The services of the Advisor are to be of scope and quality not less than 
those generally performed by professional asset managers of other similar 
property portfolios. The Advisor shall make available the full benefit of 
the judgment, experience and advice of the members of the Advisors 
organization and staff with respect to the duties it will perform under 
this Agreement. The Advisor may engage one or more Timber Managers, which 
may include Affiliates of the Advisor, to manage, promote, and lease the 
Properties. To facilitate the Advisors performance of these undertakings, 
but subject to the restrictions included in Sections 4 and 7 and to the 
continuing and exclusive authority of the Board of the Company and the 
general partner of the Partnership, the Company and the Partnership hereby 
delegate to the Advisor the authority to, and the Advisor hereby agrees to, 
either directly or by engaging an Affiliate:


(A) serve as the Companys and the Partnerships investment and financial 
advisor and provide research and economic and statistical data in 
connection with the Companys assets and investment policies;


(B) provide the daily management of the Company and the Partnership and 
perform and supervise the various administrative functions reasonably 
necessary for the management of the Company and the Partnership;


(C) maintain and preserve the books and records of the Company, including a 
stock ledger reflecting a record of the Stockholders and their ownership of 
the Companys Shares and acting as transfer agent for the Companys Shares 
and maintaining the accounting and other record-keeping functions at the 
Property and Company levels;


(D) investigate, select, and, on behalf of the Company and the Partnership, 
engage and conduct business with such Persons as the Advisor deems 
necessary to the proper performance of its obligations hereunder, including 
but not limited to consultants, accountants, correspondents, lenders, 
technical advisors, attorneys, brokers, underwriters, corporate 
fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositaries, custodians, agents for 
collection, insurers, insurance agents, banks, builders, developers, 
property owners, mortgagors, and any and all agents for any of the 
foregoing, including Affiliates of the Advisor, and Persons acting in any 
other capacity deemed by the Advisor necessary or desirable for the 
performance of any of the foregoing services, including but not limited to 
entering into contracts in the name of the Company and the Partnership with 
any of the foregoing;


(E) consult with the officers and Board and assist the Board in the 
formulation and implementation of the Companys financial policies, and, as 
necessary, furnish the Board with
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
advice and recommendations with respect to the making of investments 
consistent with the investment objectives and policies of the Company and 
in connection with any borrowings proposed to be undertaken by the Company 
and the Partnership;


(F) oversee the performance by each Timber Manager of its duties, including 
collection of payments due from sales of timber and third parties under 
contracts related to use of the Property and other assets of the Company 
and payment of Property expenses and maintenance;


(G) conduct periodic on-site property visits to some or all (as the Advisor 
deems reasonably necessary) of the Properties to inspect the physical 
condition of the Properties and to evaluate the performance of the Timber 
Manager of its duties;


(H) review, analyze and comment upon the operating budgets, capital 
budgets, harvest schedules and leasing plans prepared and submitted by the 
Timber Manager and aggregate these property budgets into the Companys 
overall budget;


(I) review and analyze on-going financial information pertaining to each 
Property and the overall portfolio of Properties;


(J) if a transaction requires approval by the Board of Directors, deliver 
to the Board of Directors all documents requested by them in their 
evaluation of the proposed investment in the Property;


(K) formulate and oversee the implementation of strategies for the 
administration, promotion, management, operation, maintenance, improvement, 
financing and refinancing, marketing, leasing, and disposition of 
Properties on an overall portfolio basis;


(L) subject to the provisions of Sections 3(M) and 4 hereof, (i) locate, 
analyze and select potential investments in Properties, (ii) structure and 
negotiate the terms and conditions of transactions pursuant to which 
investment in Properties will be made; (iii) make investments in Properties 
on behalf of the Company or the Partnership in compliance with the 
investment objectives and policies of the Company; (iv) arrange for 
financing and refinancing and make other changes in the asset or capital 
structure of, and dispose of, reinvest the proceeds from the sale of, or 
otherwise deal with the investments in, Property; (v) enter into leases, 
supply agreements and other income-producing contracts relating to third 
party use of the Property and other assets of the Company, including timber 
harvesting; (vi) enter into service contracts for Property, including 
oversight of Affiliated companies that perform property management services 
for the Company and the Partnership; (vii) oversee the non-affiliated 
Timber Manager and other non-affiliated Persons who perform services for 
the Company; and (viii) to the extent necessary, perform all other 
operational functions for the maintenance and administration of such 
Property;


(M) obtain the prior approval of the Board for any and all investments in 
Properties;


(N) negotiate on behalf of the Company and the Partnership with banks or 
lenders for loans to be made to the Company, and negotiate on behalf of the 
Company and the Partnership with investment banking firms and 
broker-dealers or negotiate private sales of Shares and other
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
securities or obtain loans for the Company and the Partnership, but in no 
event in such a way so that the Advisor shall be acting as broker-dealer or 
underwriter; and provided, further, that any fees and costs payable to 
third parties incurred by the Advisor in connection with the foregoing 
shall be the responsibility of the Company or the Partnership;


(O) obtain reports (which may be prepared by the Advisor or its 
Affiliates), where appropriate, concerning the value of investments or 
contemplated investments of the Company and the Partnership in Properties;


(P) from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Board, 
provide information or make reports to the Board related to its performance 
of services to the Company and the Partnership under this Agreement;


(Q) from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Board, 
make reports to the Board of the investment opportunities it has presented 
to other Advisor-sponsored programs or that it has pursued directly or 
through an Affiliate;


(R) provide the Company and the Partnership with all necessary cash 
management services;


(S) deliver to or maintain on behalf of the Company copies of all 
appraisals obtained in connection with the investments in Properties;


(T) notify the Board of all proposed material transactions before they are 
completed; and


(U) at the direction of Company management, prepare the Companys periodic 
reports and other filings made under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended, and the Companys Post-Effective Amendments to the Registration 
Statement as well as all related prospectuses, prospectus supplements and 
supplemental sales literature and assist in connection with the filing of 
such documents with the appropriate regulatory authorities;


(V) effect any private placements of Units or other interests in Properties 
as may be approved by the Board; and


(W) do all things necessary to assure its ability to render the services 
described in this Agreement.


4. MODIFICATION OR REVOCATION OF AUTHORITY OF ADVISOR. The Board may, at 
any time upon the giving of notice to the Advisor, modify or revoke the 
authority or approvals set forth in Section 3, provided however, that such 
modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by the Advisor 
and shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Advisor 
has committed the Company and the Partnership prior to the date of receipt 
by the Advisor of such notification.


5. BANK ACCOUNTS. The Advisor may establish and maintain one or more bank 
accounts in its own name for the account of the Company and the Partnership 
or in the name of the Company and the Partnership and may collect and 
deposit into any such account or accounts,
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the 
Company and the Partnership, under such terms and conditions as the Board 
may approve, provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of 
the Advisor; and the Advisor shall from time to time render appropriate 
accountings of such collections and payments to the Board and to the 
auditors of the Company.


6. RECORDS; ACCESS. The Advisor shall maintain appropriate records of all 
its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by 
the Board and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Company, at 
any time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Advisor 
shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the 
Company and the Partnership.


7. LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES. Anything else in this Agreement to the 
contrary notwithstanding, the Advisor shall refrain from taking any action 
which, in its sole judgment made in good faith, would (a) adversely affect 
the status of the Company as a REIT, (b) subject the Company to regulation 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (c) violate any 
law, rule, regulation or statement of policy of any governmental body or 
agency having jurisdiction over the Company or the Partnership, its Shares 
or its other securities, or otherwise not be permitted by the Articles of 
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, except if such action shall be 
ordered by the Board, in which case the Advisor shall notify promptly the 
Board of the Advisors judgment of the potential impact of such action and 
shall refrain from taking such action until it receives further 
clarification or instructions from the Board. In such event the Advisor 
shall have no liability for acting in accordance with the specific 
instructions of the Board so given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Advisor, its directors, officers, employees and stockholders, and 
stockholders, directors and officers of the Advisors Affiliates shall not 
be liable to the Company, the Partnership or to the Board or stockholders 
for any act or omission by the Advisor, its directors, officers or 
employees, or stockholders, directors or officers of the Advisors 
Affiliates taken or omitted to be taken in the performance of their duties 
under this Agreement except as provided in Sections 16 and 17 of this 
Agreement.


8. FEES.


(A) ASSET MANAGEMENT FEE. Subject to the overall limitations contained 
below in this Section 8(a), commencing on the Effective Date, the Advisor 
shall receive the Asset Management Fee in consideration for the services 
rendered in connection with the management of the Companys assets, 
calculated on the last day of each preceding month. The Asset Management 
Fee shall be payable by the Company in cash or in Shares at the election of 
the Advisor in whole or in part, from time to time, by the Advisor (without 
interest). If the Advisor elects to receive the Asset Management Fee in the 
form of Shares, then the Shares shall be valued at a price per share equal 
to the average closing price of the Shares over the ten trading days 
immediately preceding the date of such election if the Shares are Listed at 
such time. If the Shares are not Listed and the Company is still in its 
Offering Stage at such time, the Advisor will estimate the per share value 
of the Shares at a price per share equal the most recent price paid to 
acquire a Share (excluding any Shares sold at a purchase price discounts 
for certain categories of purchasers). If the Shares are not Listed and the 
Offering Stage has been completed for 12 month at such time, the Shares 
shall be valued at a price per share equal the published annual estimated 
value of the shares as determined by the Advisor based upon the
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appraised Value of the Assets on the date of election.


(B) REAL ESTATE DISPOSITION FEE. If the Advisor or an Affiliate provides a 
substantial amount of the services (as determined by a majority of the 
Independent Directors) in connection with the Sale of one or more 
Properties, the Advisor or such Affiliate shall receive at closing a Real 
Estate Disposition Fee equal to the lesser of (i) one-half of the 
Competitive Real Estate Commission, or (1) if the contract price for the 
Sale is in excess of $20 million, then an amount not to exceed 1.0% of the 
contract price of such Property or Properties, and (2) if the contract 
price for the sale is $20 million or less, then an amount not to exceed 
2.0% of the sales price of such Property or Properties. In each case in 
which a Real Estate Disposition Fee may be payable, the precise amount of 
the fee within the limits set forth in the preceding sentence shall be 
determined by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, 
based upon the extent of the services provided by the Advisor or its 
Affiliate and market norms for the services provided. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary herein, no Real Estate Disposition Fee shall be 
payable to the Advisor for Property Sales if such Sales involve the Company 
selling all or substantially all of its Properties in one or more 
transactions designed to effectuate a business combination transaction (as 
opposed to a Company liquidation, in which case the Real Estate Disposition 
Fee would be payable if the Advisor or an Affiliate provides a substantial 
amount of services as provided above). Any Real Estate Disposition Fee 
payable under this section may be paid in addition to real estate 
commissions paid to non-Affiliates, provided that the total real estate 
commissions (including such Real Estate Disposition Fee) paid to all 
Persons by the Company for each Property shall not exceed an amount equal 
to the lesser of (i) 6.0% of the Contract Sales Price of the Property or 
(ii) the Competitive Real Estate Commission for the Property.


(C) SPECIAL PARTNERSHIP UNITS. The Advisor has made capital contributions 
to the Partnership in exchange for certain partnership units as described 
as follows: $2,000 in exchange for 200 common units and $1,000 in exchange 
for 100 Special Units. Upon the earliest to occur of the termination of 
this Agreement for Cause, a Termination Event, or a Listing, all of the 
Special Units shall be redeemed by the Partnership in accordance with the 
terms of the Partnership Agreement.


(D) CHANGES TO FEE STRUCTURE. In the event of Listing, the Company and the 
Advisor shall negotiate in good faith to establish a fee structure 
appropriate for a perpetual-life entity.


(E) NO DUPLICATION OF FEES. Under no circumstances shall the Advisor be 
entitled to receive duplicate fees from the Company and the Operating 
Partnership for the provision of the same services.


9. EXPENSES.


(A) REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES. In addition to the compensation paid to the 
Advisor pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the Company or the Partnership shall 
pay directly or reimburse the Advisor for all of the expenses paid or 
incurred by the Advisor (to the extent not reimbursable by another party, 
such as the dealer manager) in connection with the services it provides to 
the Company and the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, but 
not
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
limited to:

(i) the Organization and Offering Expenses; provided, however, that within 
60 days after the end of the month in which an Offering terminates, the 
Advisor shall reimburse the Company to the extent (i) Capped O&O Expenses 
borne by the Company exceed the maximum amount permitted pursuant to the 
prospectus for the Offering and (ii) Organization and Offering Expenses 
borne by the Company exceed 15% of the Gross Proceeds raised in a completed 
Offering;

(ii) Acquisition Expenses payable to unaffiliated Persons incurred in 
connection with the selection and acquisition of Properties;

(iii) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Company and 
obtained from entities not affiliated with the Advisor, other than 
Acquisition Expenses, including brokerage fees paid in connection with the 
purchase and sale of securities;

(iv) interest and other costs for borrowed money, including discounts, 
points and other similar fees;

(v) taxes and assessments on income of the Company or Properties;

(vi) costs associated with insurance required in connection with the 
business of the Company or by the Board;

(vii) expenses of managing and operating Properties owned by the Company, 
whether payable to an Affiliate of the Company or a non-affiliated Person;

(viii) all expenses in connection with payments to the Board and meetings 
of the Board and Stockholders;

(ix) expenses associated with Listing or with the issuance and distribution 
of securities other than the Shares, such as selling commissions and fees, 
advertising expenses, taxes, legal and accounting fees, listing and 
registration fees;

(x) expenses connected with payments of Distributions in cash or otherwise 
made or caused to be made by the Company to the Stockholders;

(xi) expenses of organizing, redomesticating, merging, liquidating or 
dissolving the Company or of amending the Articles of Incorporation or the 
Bylaws;

(xii) expenses of maintaining communications with Stockholders or their 
financial advisors, including the cost of preparation, printing, and 
mailing annual reports and other Stockholder reports, proxy statements and 
other reports required by governmental entities;

(xiii) administrative service expenses (including (i) personnel costs; 
provided, however, that no reimbursement shall be made for costs of 
personnel to the extent that such personnel perform services in 
transactions for which the Advisor receives a separate
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
fee, and (ii) the Companys allocable share of other overhead of the 
Advisor such as rent and utilities);

(xiv) regulatory compliance expenses; and

(xv) audit, accounting and legal fees.


(B) OTHER SERVICES. Should the Board request that the Advisor or any 
director, officer or employee thereof render services for the Company and 
the Partnership other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be 
separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by 
the Advisor and the Board, including a majority of the Independent 
Directors, subject to the limitations contained in the Articles of 
Incorporation, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms 
of this Agreement.


(C) TIMING OF AND LIMITATIONS ON REIMBURSEMENTS.

(i) Expenses incurred by the Advisor on behalf of the Company and the 
Partnership and payable pursuant to this Section 9 shall be reimbursed no 
less than monthly to the Advisor. The Advisor shall prepare a statement 
documenting the expenses of the Company and the Partnership during each 
quarter, and shall deliver such statement to the Company and the 
Partnership within 45 days after the end of each quarter.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything else in this Section 9 to the contrary, the 
expenses enumerated in this Section 9 shall not become reimbursable out of 
proceeds of an Offering to the Advisor unless and until the Company has 
raised the minimum offering amount, if any, as provided in the prospectus 
for the Offering.

(iii) The Company shall not reimburse the Advisor at the end of any fiscal 
quarter Operating Expenses that, in the four consecutive fiscal quarters 
then ended (the EXPENSE YEAR) exceed (the EXCESS AMOUNT) the 2%/25% 
Guidelines for such year unless a majority of the Independent Directors 
determines that such excess was justified, based on unusual and 
nonrecurring factors which a majority of our Independent Directors deems 
sufficient. If a majority of the Independent Directors does not approve 
such excess as being so justified, any Excess Amount paid to the Advisor 
during a fiscal quarter shall be repaid to the Company. If a majority of 
the Independent Directors determines such excess was justified, then within 
60 days after the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company for which total 
reimbursed Operating Expenses for the Expense Year exceed the 2%/25% 
Guidelines, the Advisor, at the direction of a majority of our Independent 
Directors, shall send to the stockholders a written disclosure of such 
fact, together with an explanation of the factors the Independent Directors 
considered in determining that such excess expenses were justified. The 
Company will ensure that such determination will be reflected in the 
minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors. All figures used in the 
foregoing computation shall be determined in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis.


10. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISOR.


(A) GENERAL. Nothing herein contained shall prevent the Advisor from 
engaging in other activities, including, without limitation, the rendering 
of advice to other Persons (including other REITs) and the management of 
other programs advised, sponsored or organized
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by the Advisor or its Affiliates; nor shall this Agreement limit or 
restrict the right of any director, officer, employee, or stockholder of 
the Advisor or its Affiliates to engage in any other business or to render 
services of any kind to any other partnership, corporation, firm, 
individual, trust or association. The Advisor may, with respect to any 
investment in which the Company or the Partnership is a participant, also 
render advice and service to each and every other participant therein. The 
Advisor shall report to the Board the existence of any condition or 
circumstance, existing or anticipated, of which it has knowledge, which 
creates or could create a conflict of interest between the Advisors 
obligations to the Company and the Partners and its obligations to or its 
interest in any other partnership, corporation, firm, individual, trust or 
association.


(B) POLICY WITH RESPECT TO ALLOCATION OF INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES. Before 
the Advisor presents an investment opportunity that would in its judgment 
be suitable for the Company or the Partnership to another Advisor-sponsored 
program, the Advisor shall determine in its sole discretion that the 
investment opportunity is more suitable for such other program than for the 
Company or the Partnership based on factors such as the following: the 
investment objectives and criteria of each program; the cash requirements 
and anticipated cash flow of each program; the size of the investment 
opportunity; the effect of the acquisition on diversification of each 
programs investments by type of property and geographic area and, if 
applicable, tenant base; the policies of each program relating to leverage; 
the estimated income tax effects of the purchase on each entity; the funds 
of each entity available for investment and the length of time such funds 
have been available for investment. In the event that an investment 
opportunity becomes available that is, in the sole discretion of the 
Advisor, equally suitable for the Company, the Partnership and another 
Advisor-sponsored program, then the Advisor may offer the other program the 
investment opportunity if it has had the longest period of time elapse 
since it was offered an investment opportunity. The Advisor will use its 
reasonable efforts to fairly allocate investment opportunities in 
accordance with such allocation method and will promptly disclose any 
material deviation from such policy or the establishment of a new policy, 
which shall be allowed provided (1) the Board is provided with notice of 
such policy at least 60 days prior to such policy becoming effective and 
(2) such policy provides for the reasonable allocation of investment 
opportunities among such programs. The Advisor shall provide the 
Independent Directors with any information reasonably requested so that the 
Independent Directors can insure that the allocation of investment 
opportunities is applied fairly. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent 
the Advisor or an Affiliate from pursuing an investment opportunity 
directly rather than offering it to the Company or another 
Advisor-sponsored program so long as the Advisor is fulfilling its 
obligation to present a continuing and suitable investment program to the 
Company which is consistent with the investment policies and objectives of 
the Company and the Partnership.


11. RELATIONSHIP OF ADVISOR AND COMPANY. The Company, the Partnership and 
the Advisor are not partners or joint venturers with each other, and 
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make them such partners or 
joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them.


12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.


(A) WORK PRODUCT. All right, title, and interest, including, without 
limitation, all intellectual property rights, in or related to any 
services, work product, and development work
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided or performed by Advisor or Advisors subcontractors under or in 
connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any works of 
authorship, inventions, processes, formulas, proprietary information, 
databases, customer lists, marketing plans, business strategies, financial 
information, forecasts, trademarks, services marks, brand names, documents, 
data, designs, ideas, concepts, technical data, and any other work product 
(collectively, Work Product) shall vest in and be the sole and exclusive 
property of Company. All copyrightable Work Product performed by or for 
Advisor under this Agreement shall be considered works made for hire (as 
that phrase is defined the United States Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Section 
101, and used in 17 U.S.C. Section 201) and, as such, shall be owned by 
Company. In the event that any Work Product under this Agreement cannot be 
considered as a work made for hire, Advisor hereby assigns, agrees to 
assign, and will cause its employees and subcontractors to assign, to 
Company for no additional consideration, all right, title, and interest 
that it may possess in such Work Product. If and to the extent it is 
impossible as a matter of law to assign ownership rights, including, 
without limitation, intellectual property rights in any portion of the Work 
Product to Company, Advisor hereby grants to Company an exclusive, 
irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, fully paid-up, worldwide and 
unlimited right to use and exploit in any possible way (including, without 
limitation, to modify, copy, amend, translate, further develop, prepare 
derivative works of, distribute and sublicense) all intellectual property 
rights pertaining to the Work Product, and any portion of it, and warrants 
with respect to its employees and subcontractors, that they will do the 
same. Advisor represents and warrants that Advisor has enforceable written 
agreements with all of its employees and subcontractors involved in the 
provision of services and work product under the Agreement to assign to 
Advisor ownership of work product, and the intellectual property rights 
therein, created in the course of their employment or engagement.


(B) FURTHER ACTIONS. At Companys request and without further 
consideration, Advisor and Advisors successors in interest shall execute 
any and all powers of attorney, applications, assignments, declarations, 
affidavits, and any other papers or documents necessary to perfect such 
right, title, and interest in Company, its successors, assigns, and legal 
representatives. Advisor shall not apply for the registration of rights in 
any of the Work Product under any local, state or federal law of the United 
States or any other nation and will not oppose or object in any way to 
applications for registration of same by Company or Companys designee. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as granting to Advisor any 
rights to the Work Product or any license to copy, adapt or take any other 
action in respect of any Work Product, except on behalf of Company as 
provided in this Agreement.


(C) THIRD PARTY MATERIALS. If Advisor shall incorporate into any Work 
Product any materials of any third party, Advisor is responsible for 
obtaining, at its own expense, all rights, licenses, consents, and 
permissions necessary for Company to have the fully paid up, perpetual, 
irrevocable, worldwide and unlimited right to use and exploit in any 
possible way (including, without limitation, to modify, copy, amend, 
translate, further develop, prepare derivative works of, distribute and 
sublicense) the third party materials in connection with the Work Product, 
consistent with the terms of this Agreement, and to sublicense these rights 
to others.


13. TERM; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.


(A) TERM. This Agreement shall continue in force until the first 
anniversary of the Effective Date, subject to an unlimited number of 
successive one-year renewals upon mutual
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
consent of the parties. The Company, acting through the Board, will 
evaluate the performance of the Advisor annually before renewing the 
Agreement, and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one 
year.


(B) TERMINATION BY EITHER PARTY.

(i) BY EITHER PARTY. This Agreement may be terminated upon 60 days written 
notice without Cause or penalty, by either party (if by the Company, upon 
approval of a majority of the Independent Directors).

(ii) BY THE COMPANY. At the sole option of the Company, this Agreement may 
be terminated by the Company immediately, subject to the 60-day cure 
period, for Cause due to a material breach of this Agreement, upon written 
notice of termination from the Board of Directors to the Advisor that the 
Company has Cause to terminate this Agreement.

(iii) BY THE ADVISOR. At the sole option of the Advisor, this Agreement 
shall be terminated by the Advisor immediately, subject to the 60-day cure 
period, for Good Reason due to a material breach of this Agreement, upon 
written notice of termination from the Advisor to the Company that the 
Advisor has Good Reason to terminate this Agreement.

(iv) SURVIVAL. The provisions of Section 12 and Sections 15 through 27 
shall survive termination of this Agreement.


14. ASSIGNMENT TO AN AFFILIATE. This Agreement may be assigned by the 
Advisor to an Affiliate with the approval of the Board, including a 
majority of the Independent Directors. The Advisor may assign any rights to 
receive fees or other payments under this Agreement without obtaining the 
approval of the Board. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company 
or the Partnership without the consent of the Advisor, except in the case 
of an assignment by the Company or the Partnership to a corporation or 
other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights and 
obligations of the Company or the Partnership, as the case may be, in which 
case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms 
of said assignment in the same manner as the Company and the Partnership is 
bound by this Agreement.


15. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISOR UPON TERMINATION. Payments to the 
Advisor pursuant to this Section 15 shall be subject to the 2%/25% 
Guidelines to the extent applicable.


(A) After the Termination Date, the Advisor shall not be entitled to 
compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to 
receive from the Company within 30 days after the effective date of such 
termination all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but unpaid 
fees payable to the Advisor prior to termination of this Agreement; and


(B) The Advisor shall promptly upon termination:

(i) pay over to the Company all money collected and held for the account of 
the Company pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued 
compensation and
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled;

(ii) deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing 
all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, 
covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to 
the Board;

(iii) deliver to the Board all assets, including Properties, and documents 
of the Company then in the custody of the Advisor; and

(iv) cooperate with the Company to provide an orderly management 
transition.


16. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall indemnify and hold 
harmless the Advisor and its Affiliates, including their respective 
officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, 
damages or losses arising in the performance of their duties hereunder, and 
related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, to the extent such 
liability, claims, damages or losses and related expenses are not fully 
reimbursed by insurance, provided that the Company shall not indemnify and 
hold harmless the Advisor or its Affiliates unless all of the following 
conditions are met:

(i) The Advisor or its Affiliates has determined, in good faith, that the 
course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the best 
interests of the Company.

(ii) The Advisor or its Affiliates was acting on behalf of or performing 
services for the Company.

(iii) Such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct 
by the Advisor or its Affiliates.

(iv) Such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only 
out of Net Assets and not from the Stockholders.


17. INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISOR. The Advisor shall indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company from contract or other liability, claims, damages, 
taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the 
extent that such liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related 
expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance and are incurred by reason 
of the Advisors bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance, misconduct, or 
reckless disregard of its duties, but the Advisor shall not be held 
responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow 
advice or recommendation given by the Advisor.


18. NOTICES. Any notice, report or other communication required or 
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other 
method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by 
the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom 
it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand or by overnight 
mail or other overnight delivery service to the addresses set forth herein:
 

To the Board and to the Company: 

   	
Wells Timberland REIT, Inc.
6200 The Corners Parkway
Norcross, Georgia 30092-3365
Attention: Chairman of the Board
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

To the Partnership: 

   	
Wells Timberland Operating Partnership, L.P
6200 The Corners Parkway
Norcross, Georgia 30092-3365
Attention:    Chairman of the Board of
      Wells Timberland REIT, Inc.,
      General Partner

To the Advisor:

   	
Wells Timberland Management Organization, LLC
6200 The Corners Parkway
Norcross, Georgia 30092-3365
Attention: President


Either party may at any time give notice in writing to the other party of a 
change in its address for the purposes of this Section 18.


19. MODIFICATION. This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, 
terminated, or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in 
writing signed by both parties hereto, or their respective successors or 
assignees.


20. SEVERABILITY. The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and 
severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered 
invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any 
other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in 
part.


21. CONSTRUCTION. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia.


22. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and 
understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, 
understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or 
written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter 
hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of 
performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms 
hereof. This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an 
agreement in writing.


23. INDULGENCES, NOT WAIVER. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part 
of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this 
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any 
other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power 
or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege 
with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, 
remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver 
shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party 
asserted to have granted such waiver.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
24. GENDER. Words used herein regardless of the number and gender 
specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other 
number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or 
neuter, as the context requires.


25. TITLES NOT TO AFFECT INTERPRETATION. The titles of sections and 
subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they 
neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the 
construction or interpretation hereof.


26. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against 
any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together 
constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding 
when the counterparts hereof, taken together, bear the signatures of all of 
the parties reflected hereon as the signatories.


27. NAME. Wells Timberland Management Organization, LLC has a proprietary 
interest in the name Wells. Accordingly, and in recognition of this 
right, if at any time the Company or the Partnership ceases to retain Wells 
Timberland Management Organization, LLC or an Affiliate thereof to perform 
the services of Advisor, the Company or the Partnership, as the case may 
be, will, promptly after receipt of written request from Wells Timberland 
Management Organization, LLC, cease to conduct business under or use the 
name Wells or any derivative thereof and the Company or the Partnership 
shall use its best efforts to change the name of the Company to a name that 
does not contain the name Wells or any other word or words that might, in 
the sole discretion of the Advisor, be susceptible of indication of some 
form of relationship between the Company and the Advisor or any Affiliate 
thereof. Consistent with the foregoing, it is specifically recognized that 
the Advisor or one or more of its Affiliates has in the past and may in the 
future organize, sponsor or otherwise permit to exist other investment 
vehicles (including vehicles for investment in real estate) and financial 
and service organizations having Wells as a part of their name, all 
without the need for any consent (and without the right to object thereto) 
by the Company or its Board.


[Signatures appear on next page.]
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amended and 
Restated Advisory Agreement as of July 11, 2010.
 
WELLS TIMBERLAND REIT, INC.
By: 	  	 
  	
Name: Douglas P. Williams
Title: Executive Vice President
WELLS TIMBERLAND OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.
By: 	  	
Wells Timberland REIT, Inc.
General Partner
  	

 By:                                                                       
                            

  	
 Name: Douglas P. Williams
 Title: Executive Vice President
WELLS TIMBERLAND MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION, LLC
By: 	  	 
  	
Name: Jess E. Jarratt
Title: President
 
20