 EX-10.5 8 dex105.htm FORM OF WARRANT


 
Exhibit 10.5


THIS WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN THE 
EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES OF DELIVERY TO THE COMPANY OF AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY THE COMPANY THAT SUCH 
OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
ACT OR UNLESS SOLD IN FULL COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE ACT.


THIS WARRANT IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THAT CERTAIN 
AGREEMENT, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER, DATED June 23, 2008.


WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK


OF


SINGLE TOUCH INTERACTIVE, INC.


Date of Issuance: June 23, 2008


Single Touch Interactive, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), 
hereby certifies that for value received                  (including any 
successors and assigns, Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set 
forth below, to purchase from the Company (including any corporation which 
shall succeed to or assume the obligations of the Company hereunder) at any 
time or from time to time before 5:00 PM Pacific time, on June 22, 2011 
(the Expiration Date) One Million (1,000,000 ) fully paid and 
nonassessable shares of Common Stock of the Company; the purchase price per 
share of such Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be one cent 
($.01) (the Purchase Price), subject to the adjustment as provided 
herein. This Warrant is issued pursuant to a Note by and between the 
Company and Holder; and Board Resolution dated as of the date hereof.


1. Initial Exercise Date; Expiration. This Warrant may be exercised by the 
Holder at any time or from time to time before 5:00 PM, Pacific Time, on 
June 22, 2011 (the Exercise Period).


2. Exercise of Warrant; Partial Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised in 
full or in part by the Holder by surrender of this Warrant, together with 
the form of subscription letter attached hereto as Schedule 1, duly 
executed by the Holder to the Company at its principal office, accompanied 
by payment, in cash or by certified or official bank check payable to the 
order of the Company, of the Purchase Price of the shares of Common Stock 
to the purchased hereunder. For any partial exercise hereof, the Holder 
shall designate in the subscription letter delivered to the Company the 
number of shares of Common Stock that it wishes to purchase. On any such 
partial exercise, the Company at its expense shall forthwith issue and 
deliver to the Holder a new warrant of like tenor, in the name of the 
Holder, which shall be exercisable for such number of shares of Common 
Stock represented by this Warrant which have not been purchased upon such 
exercise.


3. When Exercise Effective. The exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to 
have been effected immediately prior to the close of business on the 
business day on which this Warrant is surrendered to the Company together 
with the subscription letter and Purchase Price as provided in Section 2.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
4. Delivery on Exercise. As soon as practicable after the exercise of this 
Warrant in full or in part, the Company will cause to be issued in the name 
of and delivered to the Holder, or as the Holder may direct, a certificate 
or certificates for the number of fully paid and nonassessable full shares 
of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled on such exercise.


5. Adjustments to Conversion Price. The number and kind of shares of Common 
Stock (or any shares of stock or other securities which may be) issuable 
upon the exercise of this Warrant and the Purchase Price shall be subject 
to adjustment from time to time upon happening of certain events, as 
follows:

5.1 Dividends, Distributions, Stock Splits or Combinations. If the Company 
shall at any time or from time to time after the date hereof (a) make or 
issue, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common 
Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in 
additional shares of common or preferred stock (as the case my be), (b) 
subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of 
shares of Common Stock or (c) combine its outstanding shares of Common 
Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, then and in each 
such event the Purchase Price then in effect and the number of shares 
issuable upon exercise of the Warrant shall be appropriately adjusted.

5.2 Reclassification or Reorganization. If the Common Stock (or any shares 
of stock or other securities which may be) issuable upon the exercise of 
this Warrant shall be changed into the same or different number of shares 
of any class or classes of stock, whether by capital reorganization, 
reclassification or otherwise (other than subdivision or combination of 
shares or stock dividend provided for in Section 5.1 above, or a 
reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets provided for in 
Section 5.3 below, then and in each event the Holder shall be entitled to 
receive upon the exercise of the Warrant the kind and amount of shares of 
stock and other securities and property receivable upon such 
reorganization, reclassification or other change, to which a holder of the 
number of shares of Common Stock (or any shares of stock or other 
securities which may be) issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant would 
have received if this Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to such 
reorganization, reclassification or other change, subject to further 
adjustments as provided herein.

5.3 Merger, Consolidation or sale of Assets. If at any time or from time to 
time there shall be a capital reorganization of the common Stock (other 
than a subdivision, merger or consolidation of the Company with or into 
another corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of the 
Companys assets and properties to any other person or entity 
(collectively, a Sale Transaction), then as a part of such Sale 
Transaction, provision shall be made so that the Holder shall thereafter be 
entitled to receive upon the exercise of this Warrant, the number of shares 
of stock or other securities or property of the Company, or of the 
successor corporation resulting from such Sale Transaction, to which a 
holder of the number of shares of common Stock (or any shares of stock or 
other securities which may be) issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant 
would have received if this Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to 
such Sale Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the 
acquiring entity in a Sale Transaction does not agree to assume this 
Warrant, then this Warrant shall expire immediately prior to such Sale 
Transaction. The Company shall notify the Holder of a Sale Transaction at 
least ten (10) days prior to the closing of such Sale Transaction, and if 
the Company fails to deliver such written notice, then notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Warrant, this Warrant shall not expire 
until the Company complies with such notice provisions. If such closing 
does not take place., the Company shall promptly notify the Holder that 
such proposed transaction has been terminated, and the Holder may rescind 
any exercise of its purchase rights promptly after such notice of 
termination if the exercise of the Warrant occurred after the Company 
notified the Holder of the Sale Transaction.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
5.4 Notice of Adjustments and Record Dates. The company shall promptly 
notify the holder in writing of each adjustment or readjustment of the 
Purchase Price and the number of shares of Common Stock (or any shares of 
stock or other securities which may be) issuable upon the exercise of the 
Warrant. Such notice shall state the adjustment or readjustment and show in 
reasonable detail the facts on which that adjustment or readjustment is 
based. In the event of any taking by the Company of a record of the holders 
of Common Stock for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are 
entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, the Company shall 
notify Holder in writing of such record date at least ten (10) days prior 
to the date specified therein.

5.5 Adjustments To Be Made. All calculations under this Section 5.5 shall 
be made to the nearest cent. For the purpose of any adjustment, any 
specified event shall be deemed to have occurred at the close of business 
on the date of its occurrence.

5.6 Certain Other Events. If any change in the outstanding Common Stock of 
the Company or any other event occurs as to which the provisions of this 
Section 5 are not strictly applicable or if strictly applicable would not 
fairly protect the purchase rights of the Holder of the Warrant in 
accordance with such provision, then the Board of Directors of the Company 
shall make an adjustment in the number and class of shares available under 
the rights as aforesaid. The adjustment shall be such as will give the 
Holder of the Warrant upon exercise for the same aggregate Purchase Price 
the total number, class and kind of shares as the Holder would have owned 
had the Warrant been exercised prior to the event and had the Holder 
continued to hold such shares until after the event requiring adjustment.


6. Replacement of Warrants. On receipt by the Company of evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or 
mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or 
destruction of this Warrant, on delivery of any indemnity agreement 
reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to the company or, in the case 
of any such mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of such Warrant the 
Company at its expense will execute and deliver to the Holder, in lieu 
thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.


7. No Rights or Liability as a Shareholder. This Warrant does not entitle 
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the 
Company. No provisions hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by the 
Holder to purchase common Stock, and no enumeration herein of the rights or 
privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder as 
a shareholder of the Company.


8. Market Standoff. If requested by the Company and an underwriter of 
common stock of the Company, the Holder shall not, without the consent of 
such underwriter, sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Common Stock 
(or other securities) of the Company held by such Holder (other than those 
included in the registration) for a period specified by the underwriters 
not to exceed on hundred eighty (180) days (Restricted Period) following 
the effective date of the initial registration statement of the Company 
filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company may impose 
stop-transfer instructions with respect to the shares (or securities) 
subject to the foregoing restriction until the end of the Restricted 
Period.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Transfer of Warrant. This Warrant is not transferable or assignable by 
Holder except as permitted by the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and is 
further subject to the requirement (i) that any transferee or assignee of 
the Warrant must first agree in writing, in a form reasonably acceptable to 
the Company, to be bound by the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and 
exhibits thereto, and (ii) that any such assignment or transfer be, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Companys counsel, in full compliance with 
applicable state and federal securities laws. All covenants, agreements and 
undertakings in the Warrant by or on behalf of any of the parties shall 
hind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of 
the parties whether so expressed or not.

9.2 Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and 
the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either 
generally or on a particular instance and either retroactively or 
prospectively), only with the written consent of the company and the 
Holder.

9.3 Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Single Touch Interactive, Inc. caused this Warrant to 
be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized.


Dated: _____________________
 
Single Touch Interactive, Inc.
By:  	  	 
  	Anthony G. Macaluso
Its: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
SCHEDULE I


FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION


(To be signed only on exercise of Warrant)
 
To: 	Single Touch Interactive, Inc.


The undersigned, the holder of the Warrant attached hereto, hereby 
irrevocably elects to exercise the purchase rights represented by such 
Warrant for, and to purchase thereunder,                      shares of 
common stock of Single Touch Interactive, Inc., and herewith makes payment 
of $                     therefore (by delivery of a check for $            
         in cash) (by delivery of $                     in cash by wire 
transfer to an account designated by Single Touch Interactive, Inc.)


The undersigned requests that he certificates for such shares be issued in 
the name of, and delivered to                                               
            whose address is                                                
          .
 
  
(Signature must conform in all respects to the name of the Holder as 
specified on the face of the Warrant unless the Warrant has been 
transferred in accordance with Section 9.1 thereof.)
  
Print Name
  
Address


Dated: _____________________