 EX-10.24 32 dex1024.htm WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES


 
Exhibit 10.24


Warrant Certificate No. MR-31210


NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES 
ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS, AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, OR (2) AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION EXISTS AND THE 
COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER OF SUCH SECURITIES, 
WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH 
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED IN THE 
MANNER CONTEMPLATED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
 
Effective Date: March 12, 2010 	   	Void After: March 12, 2012


SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS INC.


WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK


Single Touch Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), for 
value received on March 12, 2010 (the Effective Date), hereby issues to 
Mike Robert (the Holder) this Warrant (the Warrant) to purchase One 
Million (1,000,000) shares (each such share as from time to time adjusted 
as hereinafter provided being a Warrant Share and all such shares being 
the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below), at 
the Exercise Price (as defined below), as adjusted from time to time as 
provided herein, on or before March 21, 2012 (the Expiration Date), all 
subject to the following terms and conditions.


As used in this Warrant, (i) Business Day means any day other than 
Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in the City of 
New York, New York, are authorized or required by law or executive order to 
close; (ii) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 
$0.001 per share, including any securities issued or issuable with respect 
thereto or into which or for which such shares may be exchanged for, or 
converted into, pursuant to any stock dividend, stock split, stock 
combination, recapitalization, reclassification, reorganization or other 
similar event; (iii) Exercise Price means $.75 per share of Common Stock, 
subject to adjustment as provided herein; (iv) Trading Day means any day 
on which the Common Stock is traded on the primary national or regional 
stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed, or if not so listed, 
the OTC Bulletin Board, if quoted thereon, is open for the transaction of 
business; and (v) Affiliate means any person that, directly or 
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, 
or is under common control with, a person, as such terms are used and 
construed in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
1. 	DURATION AND EXERCISE OF WARRANTS


(a) Exercise Period. The Holder may exercise this Warrant in whole or in 
part on any Business Day on or before 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on the 
Expiration Date, at which time this Warrant shall became void and of no 
value.


(b) Exercise Procedures.

(i) While this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable in accordance 
with Section 1(a), in addition to the manner set forth in Section 1(b) 
below, the Holder may exercise this Warrant in whole or in part at any time 
and from time to time by:

(A) delivery to the Company of a duly completed and executed copy of the 
notice of exercise attached as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise);

(B) surrender of this Warrant to the Secretary of the Company at its 
principal offices or at such other office or agency as the Company may 
specify in writing to the Holder; and
   	 	   	 	   	_______________
   	 	   	(C) payment of the then-applicable Exercise Price per share 
multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares being purchased upon exercise of 
the Warrant (such amount, the Aggregate Exercise Price) made in the form 
of cash, or by certified check, wire transfer, bank draft or money order 
payable in lawful money of the United States of America. 	   	A

 with:

   	X = 	   	the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder 	   	
   	Y = 	   	the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which the Warrant 
is being exercised 	   	

(ii) Upon the exercise of this Warrant in compliance with the provisions of 
this Section 1(b), and except as limited pursuant to the last paragraph of 
Section 1(b), the Company shall promptly issue and cause to be delivered to 
the Holder a certificate for the Warrant Shares purchased by the Holder. 
Each exercise of this Warrant shall be effective immediately prior to the 
close of business on the date (the Date of Exercise) that the conditions 
set forth in Section 1(b) have been satisfied, as the case may be. On the 
first Business Day following the date on which the Company has received 
each of the Notice of Exercise and the Aggregate Exercise Price with 
Section 1(b) (the Exercise Delivery Document), the Company shall transmit 
an acknowledgment of receipt of the Exercise Delivery Documents to the 
Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent). On or before the fifth 
Business Day following the date on which the Company has received all of 
the Exercise Delivery Documents (the Share Delivery Date), the Company 
shall (X) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in The 
Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, 
upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of 
Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to 
the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit 
Withdrawal Agent Commission system, or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not 
participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue 
and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Notice 
of
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exercise, a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the 
name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common 
Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon 
delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for 
all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant 
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective 
of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. 
If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to 
Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant 
submitted for exercise is greater than the actual number of Warrant Shares 
being acquired upon such an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as 
practicable and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after any 
exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant of like tenor 
representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable 
immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of 
Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised.

(iii) If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue to 
the Holder, within five (5) Business Days of receipt of the Exercise 
Delivery Documents, a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock 
to which the Holder is emitted and register such shares of Common Stock on 
the Companys share register or to credit the Holders balance account with 
DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is 
entitled upon the Holders exercise of this Warrant, and if on or after 
such Business Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or 
otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by 
the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the 
Holder anticipated receiving from the Company (a Buy-In), then the 
Company shall, within five (5) Business Days after the Holders request and 
in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount 
equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage 
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the 
Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such 
certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate, or 
(ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate 
or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock and pay cash to 
the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price 
over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) 
the closing bid price on the date of exercise.


(c) Partial Exercise. This Warrant shall be exercisable, either in its 
entirety or, from time to time, for part only of the number of Warrant 
Shares referenced by this Warrant. If this Warrant is exercised in part, 
the Company shall issue, at its expense, a new Warrant, in substantially 
the form of this Warrant, referencing such reduced number of Warrant Shares 
that remain subject to this Warrant.


(d) Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the 
Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the 
Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares 
that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 
15.
 
2. 	ISSUANCE OF WARRANT SHARES

(a) The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares will, upon issuance in 
accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be (i) duly authorized, fully 
paid and non-assessable, and (ii) free from all liens, charges and security 
interests, with the exception of claims arising through the acts or 
omissions of any Holder and except as arising from applicable Federal and 
state securities laws.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(b) The Company shall register this Warrant upon records to be maintained 
by the Company for that purpose in the name of the record holder of such 
Warrant from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered 
Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner thereof for the purpose of any 
exercise thereof, any distribution to the Holder thereof and for all other 
purposes.


(c) The Company will not, by amendment of its articles of incorporation, 
by-laws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, 
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary 
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the 
terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but will at all 
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of 
this Warrant and in the taking of all action necessary or appropriate in 
order to protect the rights of the Holder to exercise this Warrant, or 
against impairment of such rights.

(i) Dividends in Stock, Properly, Reclassification. If at any time, or from 
time to time, the holders of Common Stock (or any shares of stock or other 
securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall 
have received or become entitled to receive, without payment therefore:

(A) any shares of stock or other securities that are at any time directly 
or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or any 
rights or options to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any of 
the foregoing by way of dividend or other distribution, or

(ii) Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or Sale. If 
any recapitalization, reclassification or reorganization of the capital 
stock of the Company, or any consolidation or merger of the Company with 
another corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets 
or other transaction shall be effected in such a way that holders of Common 
Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities or other assets or 
property (an Organic Change), then lawful and adequate provisions shall 
be made by the Company whereby the Holder hereof shall thereafter have the 
right to purchase and receive (in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock of 
the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the 
exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant) such shares of stock, 
securities or other assets or property as may be issued or payable with 
respect to or in exchange for a number of outstanding shares of such Common 
Stock equal to the number of shares of such stock immediately theretofore 
purchasable and receivable assuming the full exercise of the rights 
represented by this Warrant. In the event of any Organic Change, 
appropriate provision shall be made by the Company with respect to the 
rights and interests of the Holder of this Warrant to the end that the 
provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for 
adjustments of the Exercise Price and of the number of shares purchasable 
and receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall thereafter be 
applicable, in relation to any shares of stock, securities or assets 
thereafter deliverable upon the exercise hereof. To the extent necessary to 
effect the foregoing provisions, the successor corporation (if other than 
the Company) resulting from such consolidation or merger or the corporation 
purchasing such assets shall assume by written instrument reasonably 
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder executed and mailed or 
delivered to the registered Holder hereof at the last address of such 
Holder appearing on the books of the Company, the obligation to deliver to 
such Holder such shares of stock, securities or assets as, in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, such Holder may be entitled to purchase. If 
there is an Organic Change, then the Company shall cause to be mailed to 
the Holder at its last address as it shall appear on the books and records 
of the Company, at least 10 calendar days before the effective date of the 
Organic Change, a notice stating the date on which such Organic Change is 
expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is 
expected that holders of the
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares for 
securities, cash, or other property delivered upon such Organic Change; 
provided, that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in 
the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action 
required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled to exercise 
this Warrant during the 10-day period commencing on the date of such notice 
to the effective date of the event triggering such notice. In any event, 
the successor corporation (if other than the Company) resulting from such 
consolidation or merger or the corporation purchasing such assets shall be 
deemed to assume such obligation to deliver to such Holder such shares of 
stock, securities or assets even in the absence of a written instrument 
assuming such obligation to the extent such assumption occurs by operation 
of law.


(d) Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment 
or readjustment pursuant to this Section 3, the Company at its expense 
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with 
the terms hereof and furnish to each Holder of this Warrant a certificate 
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the 
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company 
shall promptly furnish or cause to be furnished to such Holder a like 
certificate setting forth: (i) such adjustments and readjustments; and (ii) 
the number of shares and the amount, if any, of other property which at the 
time would be received upon the exercise of the Warrant.


(e) Certain Events. If any event occurs as to which the other provisions of 
this Section 3 are not strictly applicable but the lack of any adjustment 
would not fairly protect the purchase rights of the Holder under this 
Warrant in accordance with the basic intent and principles of such 
provisions, or if strictly applicable would not fairly protect the purchase 
rights of the Holder under this Warrant in accordance with the basic intent 
and principles of such provisions, then the Companys Board of Directors 
will, in good faith and subject to applicable law, make an appropriate 
adjustment to protect the rights of the Holder; provided, that no such 
adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(c) will increase the Exercise Price 
or decrease the number of Warrant Shares as otherwise determined pursuant 
to this Section 3.
 
3. 	TRANSFERS AND EXCHANGES OF WARRANT AND WARRANT SHARES

(a) Registration of Transfers and Exchanges. Subject to Section 4(c), upon 
the Holders surrender of this Warrant, with a duly executed copy of the 
Form of Assignment attached as Exhibit B, to the Secretary of the Company 
at its principal offices or at such other office or agency as the Company 
may specify in writing to the Holder, the Company shall register the 
transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant. Upon such registration of 
transfer, the Company shall issue a new Warrant, in substantially the form 
of this Warrant, evidencing the acquisition rights transferred to the 
transferee and a new Warrant, in similar form, evidencing the remaining 
acquisition rights not transferred, to the Holder requesting the transfer.


(b) Warrant Exchangeable for Different Denominations. The Holder may 
exchange this Warrant for a new Warrant or Warrants, in substantially the 
form of this Warrant, evidencing in the aggregate the right to purchase the 
number of Warrant Shares, which may then be purchased hereunder, each of 
such new Warrants to be dated the date of such exchange and to represent 
the right to purchase such number of Warrant Shares as shall be designated 
by the Holder. The Holder shall surrender this Warrant with duly executed 
instructions regarding such re-certification of this Warrant to the 
Secretary of the Company at its principal offices or at such other office 
or agency as the Company may specify in writing to the Holder.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(c) Restrictions on Transfers. This Warrant may not be transferred at any 
time without (i) registration under the Securities Act or (ii) an exemption 
from such registration and a written opinion of legal counsel addressed to 
the Company that the proposed transfer of the Warrant may be effected 
without registration under the Securities Act, which opinion will be in 
form and from counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company.


(d) Permitted Transfers and Assignments. Notwithstanding any provision to 
the contrary in this Section 4, the Holder may transfer, with or without 
consideration, this Warrant or any of the Warrant Shares (or a portion 
thereof) to the Holders Affiliates (as such term is defined under Rule 144 
of the Securities Act) without obtaining the opinion from counsel that may 
be required by Section 4(c)(ii), provided, that the Holder delivers to the 
Company and its counsel certification, documentation, and other assurances 
reasonably required by the Companys counsel to enable the Companys 
counsel to render an opinion to the Companys Transfer Agent that such 
transfer does not violate applicable securities laws.
 
4. 	MUTILATED OR MISSING WARRANT CERTIFICATE

If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, upon request by 
the Holder, the Company will, at its expense, issue, in exchange for and 
upon cancellation of the mutilated Warrant, or in substitution for the 
lost, stolen or destroyed Warrant, a new Warrant, in substantially the form 
of this Warrant, representing the right to acquire the equivalent number of 
Warrant Shares; provided that, as a prerequisite to the issuance of a 
substitute Warrant, the Company may require satisfactory evidence of loss, 
theft or destruction as well as an indemnity from the Holder of a lost, 
stolen or destroyed Warrant.
 
5. 	PAYMENT OF TAXES

The Company will pay all transfer and stock issuance taxes attributable to 
the preparation, issuance and delivery of this Warrant and the Warrant 
Shares (and replacement Warrants) including, without limitation, all 
documentary and stamp taxes; provided, however, that the Company shall not 
be required to pay any tax in respect of the transfer of this Warrant, or 
the issuance or delivery of certificates for Warrant Shares or other 
securities in respect of the Warrant Shares to any person or entity other 
than to the Holder.
 
6. 	FRACTIONAL WARRANT SHARES

No fractional Warrant Shares shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant. 
The Company, in lieu of issuing any fractional Warrant Share, shall round 
up the number of Warrant Shares issuable to nearest whole share.
 
7. 	NO STOCK RIGHTS AND LEGEND

No holder of this Warrant, as such, shall be entitled to vote or be deemed 
the holder of any other securities of the Company that may at any tune be 
issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained herein be 
construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as such, the rights of 
a stockholder of the Company or the right to vote for the election of 
directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting 
thereof, or give or withhold consent to any corporate action or to receive 
notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as 
provided herein), or to receive dividends or subscription rights or 
otherwise (except as provide herein).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Each certificate for Warrant Shares initially issued upon the exercise of 
this Warrant, and each certificate for Warrant Shares issued to any 
subsequent transferee of any such certificate, shall be stamped or 
otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form:


THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE ACT AND 
ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (2) AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH 
REGISTRATION EXISTS AND THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE 
HOLDER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY 
SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED WITHOUT AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS.
 
8. 	REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

The Company agrees to provide registration rights for the resale of the 
Warrant Shares under the Securities Act on the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement between the 
Company and each of the investors party to the subscription agreements 
substantially similar to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which this 
Warrant was issued.
 
9. 	NOTICES

All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications under this Warrant 
must be in writing and will be deemed given to a party when (a) delivered 
to the appropriate address by hand or by nationally recognized overnight 
courier service (costs prepaid); (b) sent by facsimile or e-mail with 
confirmation of transmission by the transmitting equipment; (c) received or 
rejected by the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return receipt 
requested, if to the registered Holder hereof; or (d) seven days after the 
placement of the notice into the mails (first class postage prepaid), to 
the Holder at the address, facsimile number, or e-mail address furnished by 
the registered Holder to the Company in accordance with the Subscription 
Agreement by and between the Company and the Holder, or if to the Company, 
to it at Single Touch Systems Inc., 2235 Encinitas Blvd., Suite 210, 
Encinitas, CA 92024, Attention: Anthony Macaluso, Chief Executive Officer 
(or to such other address, facsimile number, or e-mail address as the 
Holder or the Company as a party may designate by notice to the other 
party) with a copy to Gottbetter & Partners, LLP, 488 Madison Avenue, 12th 
Floor, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Scott Rapfogel.
 
10. 	SEVERABILITY

If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of this Warrant 
invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Warrant will remain 
in full force and effect. Any provision of this Warrant held invalid or 
unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect 
to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
11. 	BINDING EFFECT

This Warrant shall be binding upon and inure to the sole and exclusive 
benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns, the registered Holder 
or Holders from time to time of this Warrant and the Warrant Shares.
 
12. 	SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS AND DUTIES

This Warrant shall terminate and be of no further force and effect on the 
earlier of 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date or the date on 
which this Warrant has been exercised in full.
 
13. 	GOVERNING LAW

This Warrant will be governed by and construed under the laws of the State 
of New York without regard to conflicts of laws principles that would 
require the application of any other law.
 
14. 	DISPUTE RESOLUTION

In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or 
the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall submit 
the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile within 
five (5) Business Days of receipt of the Notice of Exercise giving rise to 
such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the 
Company arc unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the 
Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three Business Days of such 
disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the 
Holder, then the Company shall, at its sole discretion, within five (5) 
Business Days, submit via facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the 
Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the 
Company and approved by the Holder, or (b) the disputed arithmetic 
calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside 
accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or 
the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or 
calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later 
than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed 
determinations or calculations; provided that, if such disputed 
determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted by the Holder is 
determined to be incorrect, then the expense of the investment bank or the 
accountant shall be the responsibility of the Holder. Such investment 
banks or accountants determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the parties thereto.
 
15. 	NOTICES OF RECORD DATE

Upon (a) any establishment by the Company of a record date of the holders 
of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders 
thereof who are entitled w receive any dividend or other distribution, or 
right or option to acquire securities of the Company, or any other right, 
or (b) any capital reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, 
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation, 
any transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, or any 
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the 
Company, or the sale, in a single transaction, of a majority of the 
Companys voting stock (whether newly issued, or from treasury, or 
previously issued and then outstanding, or any combination thereof), the 
Company shall mail to the Holder at least ten (10) Business Days, or such 
longer period as may be required by law, prior to the record date specified 
therein, a notice specifying (i) the date established
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
as the record date for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, option 
or right and a description of such dividend, option or right, (ii) the date 
on which any such reorganization, reclassification, transfer, 
consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, or sale is 
expected to become effective and (iii) the date, if any, fixed as to when 
the holders of record of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their 
shares of Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon 
such reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolation, merger, 
dissolution, liquidation or winding up.
 
16. 	RESERVATION OF SHARES

The Company shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized but 
unissued shares of Common Stock for issuance upon the exercise of this 
Warrant, free from pre-emptive rights, such number of shares of Common 
Stock for which this Warrant shall from time to time be exercisable. The 
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure 
that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation 
of any applicable law or regulation. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Company covenants that it will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order 
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and 
non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and use 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, 
exemptions or consents, including but not limited to consents from the 
Companys stockholders or Board of Directors or any public regulatory body, 
as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under 
this Warrant.
 
17. 	HEADINGS

The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only 
and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.
 
18. 	AMENDMENT AND WAIVERS

Any term of this Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of 
this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance 
and either retroactively or prospectively), with the written consent of the 
Company and the Holders of a majority of the Warrant Shares issuable upon 
exercise of the Warrants.
 
19. 	NO THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

This Warrant is not intended, and will not be construed, to create any 
rights in any parties other than the Company and the Holder, and no person 
or entity may assert any rights as third-party beneficiary hereunder.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed 
as of the date first set forth above.
 
SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS INC.
By: 	  	/s/ Anthony Macaluso
Name: 	  	Anthony Macaluso
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
WARRANT


EXHIBIT A


NOTICE OF EXERCISE


(To be executed by the Holder of Warrant if such Holder desires to exercise 
Warrant)


To Single Touch Systems Inc.:


The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise this Warrant and to 
purchase thereunder,                      full shares of Single Touch 
Systems Inc. common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant and 
delivery of:


(1) $                     (in cash as provided for in the foregoing 
Warrant) and any applicable taxes payable by the undersigned pursuant to 
such Warrant; and


(2)                      shares of Common Stock (pursuant to a Cashless 
Exercise in accordance with Section 1(b)(ii) of the Warrant) (check here if 
the undersigned desires to deliver an unspecified number of shares equal 
the number sufficient to effect a Cashless Exercise [            ]).


The undersigned requests that certificates for such shares be issued in the 
name of:
 
 
(Please print name, address and social security or federal employer
identification number (if applicable))
 
 
 
 


If the shares issuable upon this exercise of the Warrant are not all of the 
Warrant Shares which the Holder is entitled to acquire upon the exercise of 
the Warrant, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant evidencing the 
rights not so exercised be issued in the name of and delivered to:
 
 
(Please print name, address and social security or federal employer
identification number (if applicable))
 
 
 
 
 
Name of Holder (print):________________________
(Signature): 	  	 
(By:) 	  	 
(Title:) 	  	 
Dated: 	  	 
 
A-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
WARRANT


EXHIBIT B


FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


FOR VALUE RECEIVED,                                                   
hereby sells, assigns and transfers to each assignee set forth below all of 
the rights of the undersigned under the Warrant (as defined in and 
evidenced by the attached Warrant) to acquire the number of Warrant Shares 
set opposite the name of such assignee below and in and to the foregoing 
Warrant with respect to said acquisition rights and the shares issuable 
upon exercise of the Warrant:
 

Name of Assignee

   	
Address
   	
Number of Shares
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	


If the total of the Warrant Shares are not all of the Warrant Shares 
evidenced by the foregoing Warrant, the undersigned requests that a new 
Warrant evidencing the right to acquire the Warrant Shares not so assigned 
be issued in the name of and delivered to the undersigned.
 
Name of Holder (print):________________________
(Signature): 	  	 
(By:) 	  	 
(Title:) 	  	 
Dated: 	  	 
 
B-1