 EX-10.1 3 w78831a2exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1


EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

     This Executive Employment and Severance Agreement (Agreement) is 
entered into as of November 8th, 2010 between Antony Mitchell, an 
individual residing in the State of Florida (the Executive) and Imperial 
Holdings, LLC (the Company).

     WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Company in a key employee 
capacity and the Executives services are valuable and integral to the 
conduct of the business of the Company; and

     WHEREAS, the Company intends to convert to a corporation (and 
following such conversion, the term Company when used herein shall refer 
to such corporation), and thereafter intends to sell its common stock to 
the public pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the IPO);

     WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to specify the terms and 
conditions on which the Executive will continue employment on and after the 
date of the IPO, and under which the Executive will receive severance in 
the event that the Executive separates from service with the Company;

     WHEREAS, the parties intend that this Agreement shall supersede any 
and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties 
with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company, and all 
such agreements shall be void and of no effect as of the effective date of 
this Agreement;

     NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties agree 
as follows:

     1. Effective Date; Term. This Agreement shall become effective on the 
closing date of the Companys IPO. This Agreement shall remain in effect 
until December 31, 2013; provided that, each January 1 , beginning January 
1, 2012, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive three-year 
periods unless (a) either party gives the other notice of non-renewal at 
least ninety (90) days prior to the beginning of any such three-year 
renewal period, in which event the Agreement shall terminate at the end of 
such three-year renewal period, or (b) the Agreement is terminated as 
provided in Section 4. Termination of this Agreement will not affect the 
rights or obligations of the parties hereunder arising out of, or relating 
to, circumstances occurring prior to the expiration of this Agreement, 
which rights and obligations will survive the termination of this Agreement 
and the termination of Executives employment with the Company. Termination 
of this Agreement as a result of non-renewal shall not automatically result 
in the Executives termination of employment from the Company; such 
Executives employment on and after the date of such termination of this 
Agreement shall be considered at-will.

     2. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the meanings ascribed to them. Additional defined terms are 
included throughout this Agreement.

     (a) 409A Affiliate shall mean each entity that is required to be 
included in the Companys controlled group of corporations within the 
meaning of Code

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Section 414(b), or that is under common control with the Company within the 
meaning of Code Section 414(c); provided, however, that the phrase at 
least 50 percent shall be used in place of the phrase at least 80 
percent each place it appears therein or in the regulations thereunder.

     (b) Accrued Benefits shall mean the following amounts, payable as 
described herein: (i) all base salary for the time period ending with the 
date of the Executives Termination of Employment; (ii) reimbursement for 
any and all monies advanced in connection with the Executives employment 
for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf 
of the Company for the time period ending with the date of the Executives 
Termination of Employment; (iii) except in the event of termination for 
Cause, a pro rata portion (determined by dividing the number of days the 
Executive is employed during the year through the date of termination by 
365) of any annual performance bonus (excluding the Cash Bonus described in 
Section 3(c)) payable with respect to the year in which the termination 
occurs, based on actual performance results; (iv) any and all other cash 
earned and vested through the date of the Executives Termination of 
Employment and deferred at the election of the Executive or pursuant to any 
deferred compensation plan then in effect; and (v) all other payments and 
benefits to which the Executive (or in the event of the Executives death, 
the Executives surviving spouse or other beneficiary) is entitled on the 
date of the Executives Termination of Employment under the terms of any 
benefit plan of the Company, excluding severance payments under any Company 
severance policy, practice or agreement in effect on such date. Payment of 
Accrued Benefits shall be made promptly in accordance with the Companys 
prevailing practice with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) or, with respect 
to clauses (iii), (iv) and (v), pursuant to the terms of the benefit plan 
or practice establishing such benefits.

     (c) Base Salary shall mean the Executives annual base salary from 
the Company as in effect from time to time.

     (d) Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company or a 
committee of such Board authorized to act on its behalf in certain 
circumstances, including the Compensation Committee of the Board.

     (e) Cause shall mean a good faith finding by the Board that the 
Executive has done any of the following: (i) committed any willful, 
intentional, or grossly negligent act having the effect of materially 
injuring the business of the Company; (ii) convicted of or pled nolo 
contendere or its equivalent to a felony involving moral turpitude, fraud, 
theft, or dishonesty; or (iii) misappropriated or embezzled any property of 
a material nature of the Company (whether or not an act constituting a 
felony or misdemeanor). For purposes of this subsection (e), no act, or 
failure to act, on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful 
unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or 
without reasonable belief that the Executives action or omission was in 
the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon 
authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based 
upon the advice of counsel for the Company (or any act which the Executive 
omits to do because of the Executives reasonable belief that such act 
would violate law or the Companys standards of ethical

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

conduct in its corporate policies) shall be conclusively presumed to be 
done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best 
interests of the Company. The termination of employment of the Executive 
shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until (A) within a 
reasonable period of time prior to the Board meeting at which the Board 
will determine whether Cause exists, the Executive is provided written 
notice of such meeting and, unless prohibited by law, a reasonable 
opportunity to review prior to such meeting all information to be presented 
to the Board with respect to whether Cause exists, (B) the Executive is 
afforded the opportunity, together with counsel for the Executive, to be 
heard before the Board, (C) there shall have been delivered to the 
Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of 
not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a 
meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose finding that, in the 
good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive committed the conduct that 
constitutes Cause and specifying the particulars thereof in detail, and (D) 
if the conduct or act alleged to provide grounds for the Executives 
termination for Cause is curable in the discretion of the Board, the 
Executive has not cured such conduct within thirty (30) days from the date 
of receiving a copy of the resolution adopted by the Board.

     (f) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
interpreted by rules and regulations issued pursuant thereto, all as 
amended and in effect from time to time. Any reference to a specific 
provision of the Code shall be deemed to include reference to any successor 
provision thereto.

     (g) Confidential Information shall mean ideas, information, 
knowledge and discoveries, whether or not patentable, that are not 
generally known in the trade or industry and about which the Executive has 
knowledge as a result of his or her past, present or future participation 
in the business of the Company and/or his or her past, present or future 
employment with or other relationship with the Company , including without 
limitation: products engineering information; marketing, sales, 
distribution, pricing and bid process information; product specifications; 
manufacturing procedures; methods; business plans; strategic plans; 
marketing plans; internal memoranda; formulae; trade secrets; know-how; 
research and development programs and data; inventions; improvements; 
designs; sales methods; customer or prospective customer, supplier, sales 
representative, distributor and licensee lists; mailing lists; customer 
usages and requirements; computer programs; employee compensation 
information; employee performance evaluations and employment-related 
personnel information; and other confidential technical or business 
information and data.

     (h) Competing Organization shall mean any person (including, without 
limitation, the Executive as a sole proprietor) or entity engaged in or 
planning or attempting to become engaged in any business that engages in 
premium finance of life insurance, life settlements or structured 
settlements within the United States of America and/or within 100 miles of 
any offices of the Company or client of the Company, in each case, 
established at the time of Executives termination of employment.

     (i) Disability shall mean any medically determinable physical or 
mental impairment that (i) renders the Executive unable to perform the 
duties of his position with

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Company, and (ii) can be expected to result in death or can be expected 
to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, all as 
certified by a physician reasonably acceptable to the Company.

     (j) Company shall mean Imperial Holdings, LLC, its subsidiaries, its 
affiliates, its successors, and its parents.

     (k) General Release shall mean a release of all claims that the 
Executive, and anyone who may succeed to any claims of the Executive, has 
or may have against the Company, its board of directors, any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates, or any of their employees, directors, officers, 
employees, agents, plan sponsors, administrators, successors, fiduciaries, 
or attorneys, arising out of the Executives employment with, and 
termination of employment from, the Company, but excluding claims for (i) 
severance payments and benefits due pursuant to Section 5 of this 
Agreement, (ii) Accrued Benefits, (iii) any and all rights the Executive 
has to be indemnified and held harmless as an officer of the Company under 
law, the Companys charter, bylaws, or other governing instruments or this 
Agreement, and related rights as an insured under any insurance policies 
obtained by an Company in connection therewith, and (iv) any and all rights 
the Executive may have in a capacity other than as an employee, officer or 
director. The General Release shall be in a form that is reasonably 
acceptable to the Company or the Board.

     (l) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following 
without the consent of the Executive: (i) a material diminution in the 
Executives Base Salary; (ii) a material diminution in the Executives 
authority, duties or responsibilities; (iii) a material diminution in the 
authority, duties or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the 
Executive is required to report, including a requirement that the Executive 
report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to 
the board of directors of the Company; (iv) a material change in the 
geographic location at which the Executive is primarily performing 
services; or (v) a breach by the Company of any material provision of this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys non-renewal of this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 1(a) shall not constitute Good Reason.

     (m) Separation from Service shall mean the Executives Termination 
of Employment, or if the Executive continues to provide services to the 
Company or its 409A Affiliates following his or her Termination of 
Employment, such later date as is considered a separation from service from 
the Company and its 409A Affiliates within the meaning of Code Section 
409A. Specifically, if the Executive continues to provide services to the 
Company or a 409A Affiliate in a capacity other than as an employee, such 
shift in status is not automatically a Separation from Service.

     (n) Severance Payment shall mean an aggregate amount equal to three 
times (3x) the sum of (i) the Executives Base Salary in effect at the time 
of the Executives Termination of Employment (or the Base Salary in effect 
immediately prior to reduction if such reduction was a Good Reason for the 
Executives termination) and (ii) the average of the annual cash bonuses 
earned by the Executive with respect to each

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of the three completed fiscal years of the Company preceding the year in 
which the Executives Termination of Employment occurs (or, in the event 
the Executives Termination of Employment occurs prior to the completion of 
three fiscal years following the Effective Date, the Executives Base 
Salary in effect at the time of the Executives termination of employment).

     (o) Severance Period shall mean a twenty-four (24) month period.

     (p) Termination of Employment shall be presumed to occur when the 
Company and the Executive reasonably anticipate that no further services 
will be performed by the Executive for the Company and its 409A Affiliates 
or that the level of bona fide services the Executive will perform as an 
employee of the Company and its 409A Affiliates will permanently decrease 
to no more than twenty percent (20%) of the average level of bona fide 
services performed by the Executive (whether as an employee or independent 
contractor) for the Company and its 409A Affiliates over the immediately 
preceding 36-month period (or such lesser period of services). Whether the 
Executive has experienced a Termination of Employment shall be determined 
by the Company in good faith and consistent with Code Section 409A. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive takes a leave of absence 
for purposes of military leave, sick leave or other bona fide reason, the 
Executive will not be deemed to have experienced a Termination of 
Employment for the first six (6) months of the leave of absence, or if 
longer, for so long as the Executives right to reemployment is provided 
either by statute or by contract, including this Agreement; provided that 
if the leave of absence is due to a medically determinable physical or 
mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or last for a 
continuous period of not less than six (6) months, where such impairment 
causes the Executive to be unable to perform the duties of his or her 
position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, 
the leave may be extended by the Company for up to twenty-nine (29) months 
without causing a Termination of Employment.

     3. Employment of the Executive

     (a) Position.

     (i) The Executive shall serve in the position of Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company in a full-time capacity. In such position, the 
Executive shall have such duties and authority as is customarily associated 
with such position and shall have such other titles and duties, consistent 
with the Executives position, as may be assigned from time to time by the 
Board.

     (ii) The Executive will devote the Executives best efforts to the 
performance of the Executives duties hereunder, and other than any 
engagements existing as of the date of this Agreement is executed by the 
parties and disclosed in writing to the Company, will not subsequently 
engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or 
otherwise which would materially interfere with the rendition of such 
services, either directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent 
of the Board; provided that nothing herein shall preclude the Executive, 
subject to the approval of the Board, from accepting appointment to or 
continue to serve on any board of directors or trustees of any business, 
profession, or occupation or any charitable organization; further

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

provided in each case, and in the aggregate, that such activities do not 
materially interfere with the performance of the Executives services, 
either directly or indirectly, or conflict with Section 6.

     (iii) The Executive warrants and represents to the Company that, to 
the best of Executives knowledge and belief, the Executive is not subject 
to any employment, consulting or services agreement, or any restrictive 
covenants or agreements of any type, including, without limitation, any 
non-solicit and/or non-compete agreements, which would prohibit the 
Executive from properly carrying out the Executives duties as described 
under the terms of this Agreement.

     (b) Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive a Base Salary at 
the annual rate of Five Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($525,000), 
payable in regular installments in accordance with the Companys usual 
payroll practices. The Executive shall be entitled to such increases in the 
base salary, if any, as may be determined from time to time by the Board. 
At no time, shall Executives Base Salary be less than Five Hundred 
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($525,000).

     (c) Bonus Incentives. The Executive shall be entitled to participate 
in such long-term cash and equity incentive plans and programs of the 
Company, and effective for 2014 and later calendar years, in such annual 
incentive plans, as are generally provided to the senior executives of the 
Company as determined by the Board from time to time. With respect to the 
2011 through 2013 calendar years only, and in lieu of any annual cash 
incentive plan for which Executive would otherwise be entitled during such 
period, the Executive shall receive a cash bonus equal to 0.6% of the 
Companys pre-tax income (i.e., the Companys net revenues determined on a 
consolidated basis, also known as earnings before taxes) (the Cash Bonus) 
if the Companys pre-tax income thresholds with respect to the relevant 
year as set forth on Exhibit A are met. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
maximum Cash Bonus payable with respect to any year shall not exceed an 
amount equal to three times (3x) Executives Base Salary as in effect on 
the last day of such year. Such Cash Bonus shall be paid no earlier than 
January 1 and no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the 
calendar year in which it was earned. The Executive shall be entitled to 
the Cash Bonus so long as the Executive was employed on December 31st of 
the calendar year in which the Cash Bonus was earned. The provisions of 
this subsection (c) regarding the Cash Bonus shall be considered a material 
provision of this Agreement.

     (d) Employee Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate 
in the Companys employee benefit plans as in effect from time to time on 
the same basis as those benefits are generally made available to other 
salaried employees of the Company.

     (e) Business Expenses. The reasonable business expenses incurred by 
the Executive in the performance of the Executives duties hereunder shall 
be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company policies. Any 
reimbursements by the Company to the Executive of any eligible expenses 
under this Agreement that are not excludable from the Executives income 
for Federal income tax purposes (the Taxable Reimbursements) shall be 
made by no later than the earlier of the date on which they

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

would be paid under the Companys normal policies and the last day of the 
taxable year of the Executive following the year in which the expense was 
incurred. The amount of any Taxable Reimbursements during any taxable year 
of the Executive shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, 
or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year of the 
Executive (except for any life-term or other aggregate limitation 
applicable to medical expenses). The right to Taxable Reimbursement shall 
not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

     4. Termination of Employment. The Executives employment with the 
Company will terminate during the term of the Agreement, and this Agreement 
will terminate on the date of such termination, as follows:

     (a) Death. The Executives employment will terminate upon the 
Executives death.

     (b) Disability. If the Executive is Disabled, and if within thirty 
(30) days after the Company notifies the Executive in writing that it 
intends to terminate the Executives employment, the Executive shall not 
have returned to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder on a 
full-time basis, the Company may terminate the Executives employment, 
effective immediately following the end of such thirty-day period.

     (c) By Company. The Company may terminate the Executives employment 
with or without Cause (other than as a result of Disability which is 
governed by subsection (b)). If the termination is without Cause, the 
Executives employment will terminate on the date specified in the written 
notice of termination. If the termination is for Cause, then the 
Executives employment will terminate on the date that the all of the 
conditions set forth in Section 2(e) have been satisfied. Unless otherwise 
directed by the Company, from and after the date of the written notice of 
proposed termination, the Executive shall be immediately relieved of his or 
her duties and responsibilities and shall be considered to be on a paid 
leave of absence pending any final action by the Board confirming such 
proposed termination.

     (d) By Executive. The Executive may terminate his or her employment 
with the Company for or without Good Reason by providing written notice of 
termination to the Company as follows:

     (i) If the Executive is alleging a termination for Good Reason, the 
Executive must provide written notice to the Company specifying in 
reasonable detail the existence of the condition constituting Good Reason 
(or the cumulative conditions constituting Good Reason) within ninety (90) 
days of the existence of such condition (or the existence of the final 
condition that, on a cumulative basis, results in Good Reason), and the 
Company must have a period of at least ten (10) days (the Cure Period) 
following receipt of such notice to cure such condition. If such condition 
is not cured by the Company within such ten (10)day period, the Executives 
termination of employment from the Company shall be effective on the date 
immediately following the end of such cure period, unless the Executive

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

elects to rescind his or her notice of termination prior to the end of such 
ten (10)day period, in which case the Executive shall be deemed to waive 
his or her right to terminate employment for Good Reason with respect to 
such specific condition. If such condition is cured by the Company within 
such ten (10)day period, the Executive may rescind such notice of 
termination by providing written notice thereof to the Company prior to the 
five (5)day period following the Cure Period; provided that if the 
Executive does not timely rescind such notice of termination, then the 
Executives termination will be deemed to be without Good Reason.

     (ii) If the Executive is not alleging a termination for Good Reason, 
the Executive must provide written notice to the Company at least thirty 
(30) days prior to the effective date of such termination.

     5. Payments upon Termination.

     (a) Entitlement to Severance. Subject to the other terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to the 
Accrued Benefits, and to the Severance Payment described in subsection (c), 
in either of the following circumstances while this Agreement is in effect:

     (i) The Executives employment is terminated by the Company without 
Cause (except in the case of death or Disability); or

     (ii) The Executive terminates his or her employment for Good Reason.

If the Executive dies after receiving a notice by the Company that the 
Executive is being terminated without Cause, or after providing notice of 
termination for Good Reason, then the Executives estate, heirs and 
beneficiaries shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits and the severance 
benefits described in subsection (c) at the same time such amounts would 
have been paid or benefits provided to the Executive had he or she lived.

     (b) General Release Requirement. As an additional prerequisite for 
receipt of the severance benefits described in subsection (c), the 
Executive must execute, deliver to the Company, and not revoke (to the 
extent the Executive is allowed to do so) a General Release within 
forty-five (45) days of the date of the Executives Termination of 
Employment.

     (c) Severance Benefit; Timing and Form of Payment.

     (i) Subject to the limitations imposed by paragraph (ii) hereof and 
Section 5, if the Executive is entitled to the Severance Payment, then the 
Company shall pay the Executive the Severance Payment in equal installments 
in accordance with the Companys usual payroll practices during the 
Severance Period starting forty-six (46) days following the Executives 
Separation from Service.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive is considered a 
specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A as of the date 
of his Separation from Service, then any installment payments that would 
have been paid during first six months following the Executives Separation 
from Service shall be delayed and paid in a single sum (without interest 
thereon) on the first day of the seventh month following the Executives 
Separation from Service. Thereafter, payment of the Severance Payment shall 
continue pursuant to the payment scheduled described in paragraph (i).

This paragraph (ii) shall not apply, however, if on the date of the 
Executives Separation from Service, the Executive is either not considered 
a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A or the 
Company is not considered a public company within the meaning of Code 
Section 409A.

     (d) Other Termination of Employment. If the Executives employment 
terminates for any reason other than those described in subsection (a), the 
Executive (or the Executives estate in the event of his or her death), 
shall be entitled to receive only the Accrued Benefits.

     6. Limitations on Severance Payment and Other Payments or Benefits.

     (a) Limitation on Payments. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement, if any portion of the Severance Payment or any other payment 
under this Agreement, or under any other agreement with the Executive or 
plan of the Company or its affiliates (in the aggregate, Total Payments), 
would constitute an excess parachute payment and would, but for this 
Section 6, result in the imposition on the Executive of an excise tax under 
Code Section 4999, then the Total Payments to be made to the Executive 
shall either be (i) delivered in full, or (ii) delivered in such amount so 
that no portion of such Total Payment would be subject to the Excise Tax, 
whichever of the foregoing results in the receipt by the Executive of the 
greatest benefit on an after-tax basis (taking into account the applicable 
federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax).

     (b) Determination of Limit. Within forty (40) days following a 
termination of employment or notice by one party to the other of its belief 
that there is a payment or benefit due the Executive that will result in an 
excess parachute payment, the Executive and the Company, at the Companys 
expense, shall obtain the opinion (which need not be unqualified) of a 
nationally recognized tax counsel (National Tax Counsel) selected by the 
Company (which may be regular outside counsel to the Company), which 
opinion sets forth (i) the amount of the Base Period Income (as defined 
below), (ii) the amount and present value of the Total Payments, (iii) the 
amount and present value of any excess parachute payments determined 
without regard to any reduction of Total Payments pursuant to subsection 
(a), and (iv) the net after-tax proceeds to the Executive, taking into 
account the tax imposed under Code Section 4999 if (x) the Total Payments 
were reduced in accordance with subsection (a) or (y) the Total Payments 
were not so reduced. The opinion of National Tax Counsel shall be addressed 
to the Company and the Executive and shall be binding upon the Company and 
the Executive. If such National Tax Counsel

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

opinion determines that subsection (a)(ii) above applies, then the 
Termination Payment hereunder or any other payment or benefit determined by 
such counsel to be includable in Total Payments shall be reduced or 
eliminated so that under the bases of calculations set forth in such 
opinion there will be no excess parachute payment. In such event, payments 
or benefits included in the Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated 
by applying the following principles, in order: (1) the payment or benefit 
with the higher ratio of the parachute payment value to present economic 
value (determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions) shall be reduced 
or eliminated before a payment or benefit with a lower ratio; (2) the 
payment or benefit with the later possible payment date shall be reduced or 
eliminated before a payment or benefit with an earlier payment date; and 
(3) cash payments shall be reduced prior to non-cash benefits; provided 
that if the foregoing order of reduction or elimination would violate Code 
Section 409A, then the reduction shall be made pro rata among the payments 
or benefits included in the Termination Payments (on the basis of the 
relative present value of the parachute payments).

     (c) Definitions and Assumptions. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) 
the terms excess parachute payment and parachute payments shall have 
the meanings assigned to them in Code Section 280G and such parachute 
payments shall be valued as provided therein; (ii) present value shall be 
calculated in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(4); (iii) the term Base 
Period Income means an amount equal to the Executives annualized 
includible compensation for the base period as defined in Code Section 
280G(d)(1); (iv) for purposes of the opinion of National Tax Counsel, the 
value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be 
determined by the Companys independent auditors in accordance with the 
principles of Code Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4), which determination shall 
be evidenced in a certificate of such auditors addressed to the Company and 
the Executive; and (v) the Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income 
tax and employment taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income and 
employment taxation, and state and local income taxes at the highest 
marginal rate of taxation in the state or locality of the Executives 
domicile (determined in both cases in the calendar year in which the 
termination of employment or notice described in subsection (b) above is 
given, whichever is earlier), net of the maximum reduction in federal 
income taxes that may be obtained from the deduction of such state and 
local taxes.

     (d) Reasonableness of Compensation. If such National Tax Counsel so 
requests in connection with the opinion required by this Section 6, the 
Executive and the Company shall obtain, at the Companys expense, and the 
National Tax Counsel may rely on, the advice of a firm of recognized 
executive compensation consultants as to the reasonableness of any item of 
compensation to be received by the Executive solely with respect to its 
status under Code Section 280G.

     (e) Indemnification. The Company agrees to bear all costs associated 
with, and to indemnify and hold harmless, the National Tax Counsel of and 
from any and all claims, damages, and expenses resulting from or relating 
to its determinations pursuant to this Section 6, except for claims, 
damages or expenses resulting from the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of such firm.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (f) Changes to Code Section. This Section 6 shall be amended to comply 
with any amendment or successor provision to Sections 280G or 4999 of the 
Code. If such provisions are repealed without successor, then this Section 
5 shall be cancelled without further effect.

     7. Covenants by the Executive.

     (a) Confidential Information. All Confidential Information shall be 
deemed to have been received by the Executive as an employee of the 
Company. During the term of Executives employment, Executive will not 
directly or indirectly use or disclose any Confidential Information or 
trade secret (as defined under applicable law) of the Company except in the 
interest and for the benefit of the Company. After the end, for whatever 
reason, of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not 
directly or indirectly use or disclose any trade secret of the Company. If 
Executive is entitled to the Severance Payment hereunder, then for the 
Severance Period beginning on the date of the Executives termination, 
Executive will not directly or indirectly (i) disclose any Confidential 
Information to any person or entity, (ii) use any Confidential Information 
for any purpose, (iii) duplicate any Confidential Information for any 
purpose or (iv) remove any Confidential Information from the facilities or 
premises of the Company for any purpose, except to the extent such action 
is for the exclusive benefit of the Company, as applicable, and as it or 
they may direct or is necessary to fulfill the Executives continuing 
duties as an employee of or consultant to the Company. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Executive may disclose Confidential Information at such 
times, in such manner and to the extent such disclosure is required by 
court order or lawful non-collusive subpoena, provided that the Executive 
(x) provides the Company with prior ten (10) day written notice of such 
anticipated disclosure so as to permit the affected Company to seek a 
protective order or other appropriate remedy, (y) limits such disclosure to 
what is strictly required and (z) attempts to preserve the confidentiality 
of any such Confidential Information so disclosed.

     (b) Return of Property. All memoranda, notes, records, papers, tapes, 
disks, programs or other property of any nature whatsoever and all copies 
thereof relating to the operations or business of the Company, some of 
which may be prepared by the Executive, and all objects associated 
therewith in any way obtained by him shall be, unless otherwise agreed to 
in writing, the sole property of the Company. Upon his or her termination 
of employment, the Executive shall deliver to the Company all of the 
aforementioned documents and objects, if any, that may be in his or her 
possession, and cooperate with the Company to destroy and/or delete any 
electronically stored copies of the aforementioned documents and objects, 
if any, at any time at the request of the Company.

     (c) Noncompetition. During the term of the Executives employment with 
the Company, and if Executive is entitled to the Severance Payment then for 
the Severance Period beginning on the date of the Executives termination 
of employment from the Company, the Executive shall not directly or 
indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Board:

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (i) own or control, whether as a shareholder (other than a less than 
five percent (5%) shareholder in a corporation or other entity whose 
securities are traded on a recognized stock exchange or traded on the over 
the counter market), member, partner, director or otherwise, or manage, 
operate, be employed or compensated by, or consult with (whether or not 
compensated), whether as an officer, executive, consultant or otherwise, 
any Competing Organization, in any capacity where the Executives knowledge 
of Confidential Information or involvement with or knowledge of 
relationships with customers of the Company would be useful or beneficial, 
or where the goodwill of the Company would be considered useful or 
beneficial to such Competing Organization or would be affected; or

     (ii) undertake any action, on behalf of any Competing Organization 
relating to the sale or marketing of products or services that compete with 
products or services researched, developed, designed, manufactured, 
assembled, produced, marketed, distributed, sold, repaired or provided by 
the Company, or, to the extent the Executive has or receives notice or 
knowledge of such plans, within the active research, development, expansion 
or business plans of the Company, to any customers or prospective customers 
of the Company which the Executive had knowledge, or with respect to which 
the Executive obtained Confidential Information, or with whom the Executive 
had personal contact or communications in his capacity as an employee of 
the Company, at any time during his period of employment with the Company.

     (d) Nonsolicitation. During the Executives employment with the 
Company, and if Executive is entitled to the Severance Payment then for the 
Severance Period beginning on the date of the Executives termination of 
employment from the Company, the Executive shall not directly or 
indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, solicit, 
induce or otherwise offer employment or engagement as an independent 
contractor to, or engage in discussions regarding employment or engagement 
as an independent contractor with, any person who served as an employee, 
commissioned salesperson or consultant of, or who performed similar 
services for, the Company during the Executives employment with the 
Company prior to or during the Executives period of employment, unless 
such person has been separated from his or her employment, engagement or 
other relationship with the Company for a period of six (6) consecutive 
months.

     (e) Nonsolicitation of Clients and Vendors. During the Executives 
employment with the Company and if Executive is entitled to the Severance 
Payment then for the Severance Period beginning on the date of the 
Executives termination of employment from the Company, the Executive shall 
not directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the 
Company, solicit any existing client of the Company (at the time of the 
Executives termination of employment) to terminate and/or cancel the 
clients relationship with the Company. Further, during the Executives 
employment with the Company and if Executive is entitled to the Severance 
Payment then for the Severance Period beginning on the date of the 
Executives termination of employment from the Company, the Executive shall 
not directly or indirectly, without the prior written

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

consent of the Company, solicit any existing vendor of the Company (at the 
time of the Executives termination of employment) to terminate and/or 
cancel the vendors relationship with the Company.

     (f) Remedies Not Exclusive. In the event that either the Company or 
the Executive breaches any terms of this Agreement, the Company and 
Executive acknowledge and agree that said breach may result in immediate 
and irreparable harm and that damages, if any, and remedies of law for such 
breach may be inadequate and indeterminable. The Company or the Executive, 
shall therefore be entitled (in addition to and without limiting any other 
remedies that may be sought under this Agreement or otherwise at law or in 
equity) to seek from any court of competent jurisdiction equitable relief 
by way of temporary or permanent injunction and without being required to 
post a bond, and for such further relief as the court may deem just or 
proper in law or equity. Further, in the event of litigation related to or 
arising under this Agreement, and subject to Sections 8 and 9 of this 
Agreement, the prevailing party shall recover from the other his/its 
attorneys fees and costs and other expenses in adjudicating and/or 
enforcing his/its rights under this Agreement (including any appeals) .

     (g) Severability of Provisions. If any restriction, limitation, or 
provision of this Section 7 is deemed to be unreasonable, onerous, or 
unduly restrictive by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall not be 
stricken in its entirety and held totally void and unenforceable, but shall 
remain effective to the maximum extent possible within the bounds of the 
law. If any phrase, clause or provision of this Section 7 is declared 
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such phrase, 
clause, or provision shall be deemed severed from this Section 7, but will 
not affect any other provision of this Section 7, which shall otherwise 
remain in full force and effect. The provisions of this Section 7 are each 
declared to be separate and distinct covenants by the Executive.

     (h) Payment by Company. If the Executive is not entitled to the 
Severance Payment hereunder, the Company may elect to pay the Executive 
such Severance Payment at the times otherwise contemplated herein, and in 
such event the Executive will be bound by the covenants contained herein 
for so long as the Company makes such payments; provided that the 
Executives compliance with Section 7(b) is not conditioned on the 
Executives receipt of the Severance Payment. If the Company ceases to make 
any Severance Payments under this subsection (g), the Executive shall cease 
to be obligated to comply with the covenants contained in this Section 7 
(other than Section 7(b)); provided that in all cases, Executive shall 
continue to be prohibited from directly or indirectly using or disclosing 
any trade secret of the Company.

     8. Indemnification. With respect to the Executives acts or failures 
to act during his or her employment in his or her capacity as an officer, 
employee or agent of the Company or any of its affiliates, the Executive 
shall be entitled to indemnification from the Company, and to liability 
insurance coverage (if any) on the same basis as other officers of the 
Company. Executive shall be fully indemnified by Company, and Company shall 
pay Executives related expenses (including attorneys fees and expert 
costs) when and as incurred, all to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any 
indemnification if a final judgment or other final adjudication establishes 
that any act or

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

omission of Executive was material to the cause of action so adjudicated 
and that such act or omission constituted: (a) a criminal violation, unless 
Executive had reasonable cause to believe that Executives conduct was 
lawful or had no reasonable cause to believe that such conduct was 
unlawful, (b) a transaction from which Executive personally derived an 
improper financial benefit that was not disclosed to the Company, or (c) 
willful misconduct or a conscious and reckless disregard for the best 
interests of the Company. In addition, if the Executive is adjudged not 
entitled to indemnification, then he shall repay to the Company the 
aggregate of all expenses paid by the Company on his behalf under this 
Section 8 with respect to the act or omission for which indemnification is 
not available. The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by 
judgment, order, settlement, conviction or plea of nolo contendre or its 
equivalent, shall not of itself, create a presumption that the Executive 
had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was lawful. The 
indemnification provided in this Section shall not be deemed exclusive and 
shall be in addition to any other indemnification rights and/or remedies to 
which the Executive might be entitled to under the law, another agreement 
or otherwise.

     9. Reimbursement and Advancement of Fees. The Company agrees to pay, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expenses which 
the Executive may incur as a result of any action, suit, or proceeding 
(regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Company, the Executive or others 
of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of 
this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a 
result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any payment due 
pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed 
payment at the Prime Rate, compounded quarterly. Any legal fees and 
expenses incurred by the Executive shall be paid by the Company in advance 
of the final disposition of any such suit, action or proceeding. The 
advancement of legal fees and expenses must be timely paid by the Company 
directly to the Executives attorneys or other vendors within thirty (30) 
days of having received an invoice from an attorney or vendor and shall be 
based on the following conditions:

     (a) The Company will not be provided with detailed invoices regarding 
the legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive. With respect to 
legal fees, any invoice provided to the Company will only include the 
number of hours worked by each attorney, the hourly billable rate for each 
attorney and a general description of the work being performed during each 
month. With respect to vendors, including but not limited to experts, the 
Company shall not be entitled to the names of any vendor but only a general 
description of the work being performed by the vendor during each month. 
Any invoices submitted to the Company will not include any information that 
the Executives attorneys consider in their sole discretion to be 
confidential, including but not limited to information protected by the 
attorney-client privilege and/or the work product privilege. The Company 
agrees that any information provided by the Executive regarding legal fees 
and expenses shall be kept strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed 
without the Executives written consent;

     (b) The Executive will be entitled to receive advances until the 
Executive has exhausted every right to appeal. The Company will be required 
to pay the full expenses associated with fees on fees in the event the 
Executive is required to enforce the indemnification rights contained in 
Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement;

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (c) The indemnification and advancement obligations contained within 
Sections 8 and 9 shall apply to any civil, administrative, or criminal 
suit, action or proceeding, regardless of whether such suit, action or 
proceeding occurs in a court, administrative, or arbitral forum; and

     (d) The advancement obligations shall apply even if the Company 
institutes a suit, action or proceeding against the Executive, including 
but not limited to any shareholders derivative action.

If the Company is the prevailing party, then the Executive must repay the 
Company the aggregate of all expenses advanced or reimbursed by the Company 
on his behalf under this Section 9.

     10. Compliance with Code Section 409A.

     (a) The Company and the Executive intend the terms of this Agreement 
to be in compliance with Code Section 409A. The Company does not guarantee 
the tax treatment or tax consequences associated with any payment or 
benefit, including but not limited to consequences related to Code Section 
409A. To the maximum extent permissible, any ambiguous terms of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner that avoids a violation of Code 
Section 409A.

     (b) If the Executive believes he or she is entitled to a payment or 
benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement that was not timely paid or 
provided, and such payment or benefit is considered deferred compensation 
subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Executive 
acknowledges that to avoid an additional tax on such payment or benefit 
pursuant to the provisions of Code Section 409A, the Executive must make a 
reasonable, good faith effort to collect such payment or benefit no later 
than ninety (90) days after the latest date upon which the payment could 
have been timely made or benefit timely provided without violating Code 
Section 409A, and if not paid or provided, must take further enforcement 
measures within one hundred eighty (180) days after such latest date.

     (c) Neither the Company nor the Executive, individually or in 
combination, may accelerate any payment or benefit that is subject to Code 
Section 409A, except in compliance with Code Section 409A and the 
provisions of this Agreement, and no amount that is subject to Code Section 
409A shall be paid prior to the earliest date on which it may be paid 
without violating Code Section 409A.

     (d) For purposes of applying the provisions of Section Code 409A to 
this Agreement, each separately identified amount to which the Executive is 
entitled under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In 
addition, to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A, any series of 
installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a 
series of separate payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement 
specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual 
date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole 
discretion of the Company.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     11. Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from 
amounts to be paid to the Executive hereunder any federal, state or local 
withholding or other taxes or charges which it is from time to time 
required to withhold; provided that the amount so withheld shall not exceed 
the minimum amount required to be withheld by law unless otherwise elected 
by the Executive in writing. In addition, if prior to the date of payment 
of the Severance Payment, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) 
tax imposed under Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2) of the Code, where 
applicable, becomes due with respect to such payment, the Company may 
provide for an immediate payment of the amount needed to pay the 
Executives portion of such tax (plus an amount equal to the taxes that 
will be due on such amount) and the Executives Severance Payment shall be 
reduced accordingly. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of 
the National Tax Counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of 
any such withholding shall arise.

     12. Notice. Any notice, request, demand or other communication 
required or permitted herein will be deemed to be properly given when 
personally served in writing or when deposited in the United States mail, 
postage prepaid, addressed to the Executive at his or her latest home 
address on file with the Company and to the Company addressed to its 
headquarters with attention to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
and the General Counsel of the Company. Either party may change its address 
by written notice in accordance with this section.

     13. No Set Off; No Mitigation. The Companys obligation to pay the 
Executive the amounts and to provide the benefits hereunder shall not be 
subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment of amounts owed by the 
Executive to the Company. Further, the Executive shall not be required to 
mitigate the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement 
by seeking other employment or otherwise.

     14. Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of 
and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective executors, 
administrators, successors and assigns. If Company sells, assigns or 
transfers all or substantially all of its business and assets to any person 
or if the Company merges into or consolidates or otherwise combines (where 
the Company does not survive such combination) with any person (any such 
event, a Sale of Business), then the Company shall assign all of its 
right, title and interest in this Agreement as of the date of such event to 
such person, and the Company shall cause such person, by written agreement 
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Executive, to 
expressly assume and agree to perform from and after the date of such 
assignment all of the terms, conditions and provisions imposed by this 
Agreement upon the Company. The assignment of this Agreement to, and the 
Executives employment by, such person shall not constitute a termination 
of employment hereunder. Failure of the Company to obtain such agreement as 
of the effective date of such Sale of Business shall be a breach of this 
Agreement constituting Good Reason hereunder. In case of such assignment 
by the Company and of assumption and agreement by such person, as used in 
this Agreement, the Company shall thereafter mean the person which 
executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 14 or 
which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement by operation of law, and this Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of, and be enforceable by, such person. The Executive shall, in his 
or her discretion, be entitled to proceed against any or all of such 
persons, any person which theretofore was such a successor to the Company, 
and the Company (as originally defined herein) in any action to enforce any 
rights of the Executive hereunder. Except as provided in this

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Section 14, this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company. This 
Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary 
dissolution of the Company.

     15. Survival. The provisions of Sections 5 through 21 shall survive 
the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to enforce the 
rights and obligations described therein.

     16. Applicable Law, Exclusive Venue and Jurisdiction. This Agreement 
is to be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Florida 
without resort to Floridas choice of law rules. Each party hereby agrees 
that the forum and exclusive venue for any legal or equitable action or 
proceeding arising out of, or in connection with, this Agreement will lie 
in the appropriate federal or state courts in Palm Beach County, Florida , 
and specifically waives any and all objections to personal jurisdiction and 
venue.

     17. Captions and Section Headings. Captions and section headings used 
herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement and 
will not be used in construing it.

     18. Invalid Provisions. Subject to Section 7(f), should any provision 
of this Agreement for any reason be declared invalid, void, or 
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and 
binding effect of any remaining portion will not be affected, and the 
remaining portions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect 
as if this Agreement had been executed with said provision eliminated.

     19. No Waiver. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence 
to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a 
waiver of such partys rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter 
to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this 
Agreement.

     20. Application of Companys Recoupment Policy. Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, all performance-based compensation 
payments made to Executive hereunder are subject to recoupment by the 
Company pursuant to the recoupment policy approved by the Board, as it may 
be amended from time to time.

     21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of 
the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement except 
where other agreements are specifically noted, adopted, or incorporated by 
reference. This Agreement otherwise supersedes any and all other 
agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with 
respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company, and all such 
agreements shall be void and of no effect. Each party to this Agreement 
acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, 
oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf 
of any party, which are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement, 
statement, or promise not contained in this Agreement will be valid or 
binding.

     22. Modification. This Agreement may not be modified or amended by 
oral agreement, but only by an agreement in writing signed by both the 
Company and the Executive.

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each 
of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures 
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.


[signatures appear on following page]

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
day and year first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	EXECUTIVE
  	 
  	/s/ Antony Mitchell   	 
  	Antony Mitchell  	 
  	  	 
 
  	IMPERIAL HOLDINGS, LLC
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Jonathan L. Neuman   	 
  	  	Name:   	Jonathan L. Neuman  	 
  	  	Title:   	President  	 

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


EXHIBIT A

1. 	  	For the Companys fiscal year ending December 31, 2011, the 
threshold is $60,000,000 pre-tax income (i.e., the Companys net revenues 
determined on a consolidated basis, also known as earnings before taxes).

2. 	  	For the Companys fiscal year ending December 31, 2012, the 
threshold is $67,500,000 pre-tax income (i.e., the Companys net revenues 
determined on a consolidated basis, also known as earnings before taxes).

3. 	  	For the Companys fiscal year ending December 31, 2013, the 
threshold is $75,000,000 pre-tax income (i.e., the Companys net revenues 
determined on a consolidated basis, also known as earnings before taxes).

20