 EX-10.36 8 a2200874zex-10_36.htm EX-10.36
EXHIBIT 10.36
 
FORM OF AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment) made as of 
the      day of November 2010 by and between AEROFLEX INCORPORATED, a 
Delaware corporation (hereinafter Aeroflex or the Company) and LEONARD 
BOROW (hereinafter Borow or the Executive and together with the 
Company, the Parties).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into an Employment Agreement dated August 15, 
2007, as amended December 31, 2008 (the Agreement) under which the 
Parties agreed upon the terms pursuant to which the Executive would provide 
services to the Company as further described therein, and
 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Agreement to extend the term 
thereof and otherwise to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the regulations and notices 
promulgated thereunder.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows, effective as of the 
date hereof:
 
1.             Section 2(b) of the Employment Agreement shall be deleted 
and replaced in its entirety with the following:
 
        Employment Term. The Employment Term shall commence on the
        Effective Date and shall terminate on August 15, 2015. In addition,
        the Employment Term shall automatically terminate upon any
        termination of Borows employment pursuant Section 8.
         
2.             Section 4(a) of the Employment Agreement shall be deleted 
and replaced in its entirety with the following:
 
        For each Fiscal Year ending during the Employment Term, Borow
        shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus of between 50% and
        150% of Salary based upon the achievement of EBITDA targets for
        such Fiscal Year as established by the Board.  More particularly,
        (i) 50% of Salary will be awarded to Borow as a bonus if Aeroflexs
        EBITDA is equal to the minimum EBITDA target established by the
        Board (the Threshold EBITDA); (ii) 100% of Salary will be awarded
        as a bonus if Aeroflexs EBITDA is equal to the FY EBITDA Target
        established by the Board (the FY EBITDA Target); and (iii) 150%
        of Salary will be awarded
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        as a bonus if Aeroflexs EBITDA is equal to or greater than the
        maximum EBITDA Target established by the Board (the Maximum
        EBITDA). Borows bonus shall be determined by linear interpolation
        if Aeroflexs EBITDA is between the Threshold EBITDA and the FY
        EBITDA Target or between the FY EBITDA Target and the Maximum
        EBITDA, as the case may be. If the Board fails to establish the
        Threshold EBITDA or the Maximum EBITDA for any fiscal year, such
        targets shall be presumed to be, respectively, $10,000,000 less and
        $10,000,000 more than the FY EBITDA Target. No annual bonus will be
        paid if Aeroflexs EBITDA is below the Threshold EBITDA for any
        Fiscal Year. The FY EBITDA Target shall be equitably adjusted by
        the Board in the event of any divestiture, acquisition or other
        extraordinary event. Any annual bonus payable hereunder shall be
        paid on or prior to March 15 of the year following the year such
        bonus is earned.
 
3.             The first phrase of Section 8(g)(ii) of the Agreement is 
hereby amended and restated, which shall read as follows:
 
        (ii) In the event of termination by Aeroflex of Borows employment
        without Cause or of termination by Borow of his employment for Good
        Reason, subject to Borows execution and nonrevocation of a general
        release in favor of Aeroflex, its affiliates and their current and
        former officers, directors and employees, in substantially the form
        attached hereto as Exhibit A within 30 days following the date of
        such termination, Borow shall be entitled, commencing,
        notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in Sections
        8(g)(ii)(A)-(D), on the 30th day following such termination of
        employment (provided that, payments or benefits that would
        otherwise have been owed to Borow prior to the 30th day after
        termination of employment shall be made to or on behalf of Borow on
        the 30th day after his termination of employment), in addition to
        the compensation and benefits specified in Section 8(b), to the
        following payments and benefits:
         
4.             Section 8(g)(ii)(D) of the Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows
 
        (D) continued participation in all employee benefit plans or
        programs available to Aeroflex employees generally in which Borow
        was participating on the date of termination of his employment
        until the end of the Employment Term (assuming Borows employment
        had not terminated); provided; however, that
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (x) if Borow is precluded from continuing his participation in any
        employee benefit plan or program as provided in this clause (D), he
        shall be entitled to the after-tax economic equivalent, paid in a
        lump sum on the 30th day following termination of Borows
        employment, of the benefits under the plan or program in which he
        is unable to participate until the end of the Employment Term, and
        (y) the economic equivalent of any benefit foregone shall be deemed
        to be the lowest cost that Borow would incur in obtaining such
        benefit on an individual basis; and
 
5.             A new Section 8(h) of the Agreement is hereby added, which 
shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
        (h)  Payments; Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
        Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (i) Borow is to
        receive payments or benefits under Section 8 by reason of his
        separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A of
        the Code) other than as a result of his death, (ii) Borow is a
        specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A for
        the period in which the payment or benefits would otherwise
        commence, and (iii) such payment or benefit would otherwise subject
        Borow to any tax, interest or penalty imposed under Section 409A of
        the Code (or any regulation promulgated thereunder) if the payment
        or benefit would commence within six months of a termination of
        Borows employment, then such payment or benefit required under
        Section 8 shall not commence until the first day which is at least
        six months after the termination of Borows employment.  Such
        payments or benefits, which would have otherwise been required to
        be made over such six month period, shall be paid to Borow in one
        lump sum payment or otherwise provided to Borow as soon as
        administratively feasible after the first day which is at least six
        months after the termination of Borows employment.  Thereafter,
        the payments and benefits shall continue, if applicable, for the
        relevant period set forth in Section 8.  For purposes of this
        Agreement, all references to termination of employment and other
        similar language shall be deemed to refer to Borows separation
        from service as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
        1.409A-1(h).
         
6.             The second sentence of Section 10(b) of the Agreement is 
hereby amended and restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Any such reduction in the preceding sentence shall be done first
        by reducing any cash payments with the last payment reduced first;
        next any equity or equity derivatives that are included under
        Section 280G of the Code at full value rather than accelerated
        value; next any equity or equity derivatives based on acceleration
        value shall be reduced with the highest value reduced first (as
        such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section
        1.280G-1, Q&A 24); finally any other non-cash benefits will be
        reduced.
         
7.             The third and fourth sentences of Section 10(b) of the 
Agreement are hereby amended and restated, which shall read in their 
entirety as follows:
 
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, if immediately before such Change
        in Control or other transaction, no stock of Aeroflex or any member
        of its affiliated group (as defined in Q&A 46 of Treas. Reg.
        Section 1.280 G) is readily tradable on an established securities
        market or otherwise (within the meaning of Q&A 6(a)(2)(i) of
        Treas. Reg. Section 1.280G), Aeroflex shall use reasonable efforts
        to obtain the approval of the Cutback Benefits by Aeroflexs
        shareholders in the manner contemplated by Q&A 7 of Treas. Reg.
        Section 1.280G, it being understood and agreed that Aeroflex does
        not guarantee that such approval will be obtained.  If, and only
        if, Aeroflex determines that such approval is applicable and is
        actually obtained, Borow shall be entitled to receive the Cutback
        Benefits without regard to the first sentence of this paragraph.
         
8.             Except as specifically provided in and modified by this 
Amendment, the Agreement is in all other respects hereby ratified and 
confirmed and references to the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the 
Agreement as modified by this Amendment.
 
9.             This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
 
AEROFLEX INCORPORATED
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Leonard Borow
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

