 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm GEOMET, INC. 2006 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN


 
Exhibit 10.1


GEOMET, INC.
2006 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
(Amended and Restated Effective September 14, 2010)


ARTICLE I. ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE


1.1 Establishment and Purpose. GeoMet, Inc. (GeoMet or the Company) 
hereby establishes the GeoMet, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as set 
forth in this document. The purposes of the Plan are to attract and retain 
highly qualified key employees, officers and directors, to further align 
the interests of these individuals with those of the stockholders of 
GeoMet, and more closely link compensation with Company performance. GeoMet 
is committed to creating long-term stockholder value. GeoMets compensation 
philosophy is based on a belief that GeoMet can best create stockholder 
value if key employees, officers and directors act and are rewarded as 
business owners. GeoMet believes that an equity stake through equity 
compensation programs effectively aligns employee and stockholder interests 
by motivating and rewarding performance that will enhance stockholder 
value.


1.2 Effectiveness and Term. This Plan originally became effective on April 
17, 2006 (the Effective Date). This amended and restated Plan was adopted 
by the Board on September 14, 2010 and is effective as of that date (the 
Restatement Effective Date). Unless terminated earlier by the Board 
pursuant to Section 14.1, the Plan shall terminate on May 7, 2019.



ARTICLE II. DEFINITIONS


2.1 Affiliate means (a) with respect to Incentive Stock Options, a 
parent corporation or a subsidiary corporation of GeoMet, as those 
terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively, and 
(b) with respect to other Awards, (i) a parent corporation or a 
subsidiary corporation of GeoMet as defined in (a) above, or (ii) any 
other person with whom GeoMet would be considered a single employer under 
Section 414(b) of the Code (controlled group of corporations) or Section 
414(c) of the Code (partnerships, proprietorships, etc., under common 
control), provided that in applying Code Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) 
for purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations under 
Section 414(b) of the Code, the language at least 50 percent shall be 
used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Code 
Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3), and in applying Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.414(c)-2 for purposes of determining trades or businesses 
(whether or not incorporated) that are under common control for purposes of 
Section 414(c) of the Code, the language at least 50 percent shall be 
used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.414(c)-2.


2.2 Award means an award granted to a Participant in the form of Options, 
SARs, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock 
Awards or Other Incentive Awards, whether granted singly or in combination.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
2.3 Award Agreement means a written agreement between GeoMet and a 
Participant that sets forth the terms, conditions, restrictions and 
limitations applicable to an Award.


2.4 Board means the Board of Directors of GeoMet.


2.5 Cash Dividend Right means a contingent right, granted in tandem with 
a specific Restricted Stock Unit Award, to receive an amount in cash equal 
to the cash distributions made by GeoMet with respect to a share of Common 
Stock during the period such Award is outstanding.


2.6 Cause means a finding by the Committee of acts or omissions 
constituting, in the Committees reasonable judgment, (a) a breach of duty 
by the Participant in the course of his employment or service involving 
fraud, acts of dishonesty (other than inadvertent acts or omissions), 
disloyalty to the Company, or moral turpitude constituting criminal felony; 
(b) conduct by the Participant that is materially detrimental to the 
Company, monetarily or otherwise, or reflects unfavorably on the Company or 
the Participant to such an extent that the Companys best interests 
reasonably require the termination of the Participants employment or 
service; (c) acts or omissions of the Participant materially in violation 
of his obligations under any written employment or other agreement between 
the Participant and the Company or at law; (d) the Participants failure to 
comply with or enforce Company policies concerning equal employment 
opportunity, including engaging in sexually or otherwise harassing conduct; 
(e) the Participants repeated insubordination; (f) the Participants 
failure to comply with or enforce, in any material respect, all other 
personnel policies of the Company; (g) the Participants failure to devote 
his full (or other required) working time and best efforts to the 
performance of his responsibilities to the Company; or (h) the 
Participants conviction of, or entry of a plea agreement or consent decree 
or similar arrangement with respect to a felony or any violation of federal 
or state securities laws.


2.7 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, including regulations thereunder and successor provisions and 
regulations.


2.8 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other 
committee of the Board as may be designated by the Board to administer the 
Plan, which committee shall consist of two or more members of the Board; 
provided, however, that with respect to the application of the Plan to 
Awards made to Outside Directors, the Committee shall be the Board. 
During such time as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12 of the 
Exchange Act, each member of the Committee shall be an Outside Director. To 
the extent that no Committee exists that has the authority to administer 
the Plan, the functions of the Committee shall be exercised by the Board.


2.9 Common Stock means the common stock of GeoMet, $0.001 par value per 
share, or any stock or other securities of hereafter issued or issuable in 
substitution or exchange for the Common Stock.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
2.10 Company means GeoMet and any Affiliate.


2.11 Corporate Change means (a) the dissolution or liquidation of GeoMet; 
(b) a reorganization, merger or consolidation of GeoMet with one or more 
corporations (other than a merger or consolidation effecting a 
reincorporation of GeoMet in another state or any other merger or 
consolidation in which the stockholders of the surviving corporation and 
their proportionate interests therein immediately after the merger or 
consolidation are substantially identical to the stockholders of GeoMet and 
their proportionate interests therein immediately prior to the merger or 
consolidation) (collectively, a Corporate Change Merger); (c) the sale of 
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (d) the 
occurrence of a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Corporate Change shall not include the Equity Refinancing, the Offering 
or any other public offering of equity of GeoMet pursuant to a registration 
that is effective under the Securities Act or any private offering of 
equity of GeoMet pursuant to an exemption from the Securities Act. A 
Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (a) individuals who 
were directors of GeoMet immediately prior to a Control Transaction shall 
cease, within two years of such Control Transaction to constitute a 
majority of the Board (or of the Board of Directors of any successor to 
GeoMet or to a company which has acquired all or substantially all its 
assets) other than by reason of an increase in the size of the membership 
of the applicable Board that is approved by at least a majority of the 
individuals who were directors of GeoMet immediately prior to such Control 
Transaction or (b) any entity, person or Group acquires shares of GeoMet in 
a transaction or series of transactions that result in such entity, person 
or Group directly or indirectly owning beneficially 50% or more of the 
outstanding shares of Common Stock. As used herein, Control Transaction 
means (a) any tender offer for or acquisition of capital stock of GeoMet 
pursuant to which any person, entity, or Group directly or indirectly 
acquires beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of 
Common Stock; (b) any Corporate Change Merger of GeoMet; (c) any contested 
election of directors of GeoMet; or (d) any combination of the foregoing, 
any one of which results in a change in voting power sufficient to elect a 
majority of the Board. As used herein, Group means persons who act in 
concert as described in Sections 13(d)(3) and/or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange 
Act.


2.12 Dividend Unit Right means a contingent right, granted in tandem with 
a specific Restricted Stock Unit Award, to have an additional number of 
Restricted Stock Units credited to a Participant in respect of the Award 
equal to the number of shares of Common Stock that could be purchased at 
Fair Market Value with the amount of each cash distribution made by GeoMet 
with respect to a share of Common Stock during the period such Award is 
outstanding.


2.13 Effective Date means the date this Plan originally became effective 
as provided in Section 1.2. Restatement Effective Date is defined in 
Section 1.2.


2.14 Employee means an employee of the Company; provided, however, that 
the term Employee does not include an Outside Director of the Company.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
2.15 Equity Refinancing means the offering, sale and issuance by GeoMet 
of Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock as contemplated in that 
certain Investment Agreement dated June 2, 2010 by and between GeoMet and 
Sherwood Energy, LLC, including the issuance of Common Stock upon 
conversion of such Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock.


2.16 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


2.17 Fair Market Value means (a) for so long as the Common Stock is 
listed on The NASDAQ Global Market or other exchange or association on 
which the Common Stock is traded, the closing price for such stock as 
quoted on such exchange for the date the Award is granted (or if there are 
no sales for such date of grant, then for the last preceding business day 
on which there were sales), (b) if the Common Stock is traded in the 
over-the-counter market, the closing price as reported by NASDAQ on for the 
date the Award is granted (or if there was no quoted price for such date of 
grant, then for the last preceding business day on which there was a quoted 
price), or (c) if the Common Stock is not reported or quoted by any such 
organization, fair market value of the Common Stock as determined in good 
faith by the Committee using a reasonable application of a reasonable 
valuation method within the meaning Section 409A of the Code and the 
regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fair Market Value 
with respect to an Incentive Stock Option shall mean fair market value as 
determined in good faith by the Committee within the meaning of Section 422 
of the Code.


2.18 GeoMet means GeoMet, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor 
thereto.


2.19 Good Reason means any of the following actions if taken without the 
Participants prior written consent: (a) any material failure by the 
Company to comply with its obligations under the terms of a written 
employment agreement; (b) any demotion of the Participant as evidenced by a 
material reduction in the Participants responsibilities, duties, 
compensation, or benefits; or (c) any permanent relocation of the 
Participants place of business to a location 50 miles or more from the 
then-current location. Neither a transfer of employment among GeoMet and 
any of its Affiliates, a change in any co-employment relationship, nor a 
mere change in job title or reporting structure constitutes Good Reason.


2.20 Grant Date means the date an Award is determined to be effective by 
the Committee upon the grant of such Award.


2.21 Inability to Perform means and shall be deemed to have occurred if 
the Participant has been determined under the Companys or any 
co-employers long-term disability plan to be eligible for long-term 
disability benefits. In the absence of the Participants participation in, 
application for benefits under, or existence of such a plan, Inability to 
Perform means a finding by the Committee in its sole judgment that the 
Participant is, despite any reasonable accommodation required by law, 
unable to perform
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the essential functions of his position because of an illness or injury for 
(a) 60% or more of the normal working days during six consecutive calendar 
months or (b) 40% or more of the normal working days during twelve 
consecutive calendar months.


2.22 Incentive Stock Option means an Option that is intended to meet the 
requirements of Section 422(b) of the Code.


2.23 NASDAQ means The NASDAQ Global Market.


2.24 Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not an Incentive 
Stock Option.


2.25 Offering means the offering, sale and issuance by GeoMet of Common 
Stock as set forth in that certain offering memorandum dated January 24, 
2006.


2.26 Option means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted to 
a Participant pursuant to Article VII. An Option may be either an Incentive 
Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option, as determined by the 
Committee.


2.27 Other Incentive Award means an incentive award granted to a 
Participant pursuant to Article XII.


2.28 Outside Director means a member of the Board who: (a) meets the 
independence requirements of the principal exchange or quotation system 
upon which the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted, (b) from and 
after the date on which the remuneration paid pursuant to the Plan becomes 
subject to the deduction limitation under Section 162(m) of the Code, 
qualifies as an outside director under Section 162(m) of the Code, (c) 
qualifies as a non-employee director of GeoMet under Rule 16b-3, and (d) 
satisfies independence criteria under any other applicable laws or 
regulations relating to the issuance of shares of Common Stock to 
Employees.


2.29 Participant means an Employee or Outside Director that has been 
granted an Award; provided, however, that no Award that may be settled in 
Common Stock may be issued to a Participant that is not a natural person.


2.30 Performance Award means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant 
to Article XI to receive cash or Common Stock conditioned in whole or in 
part upon the satisfaction of specified performance criteria.


2.31 Permitted Transferee shall have the meaning given such term in 
Section 15.4.


2.32 Plan means the GeoMet, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as in 
effect from time to time.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
2.33 Restricted Period means the period established by the Committee with 
respect to an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units during 
which the Award remains subject to forfeiture.


2.34 Restricted Stock means a share of Common Stock granted to a 
Participant pursuant to Article IX that is subject to such terms, 
conditions, and restrictions as may be determined by the Committee.


2.35 Restricted Stock Unit means a fictional share of Common Stock 
granted to a Participant pursuant to Article X that is subject to such 
terms, conditions, and restrictions as may be determined by the Committee.


2.36 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the SEC under the 
Exchange Act, or any successor rule or regulation that may be in effect 
from time to time.


2.37 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or 
any successor agency or organization.


2.38 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


2.39 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right granted to a 
Participant pursuant to Article VIII with respect to a share of Common 
Stock to receive upon exercise cash, Common Stock or a combination of cash 
and Common Stock, equal to the appreciation in value of a share of Common 
Stock.



ARTICLE III. PLAN ADMINISTRATION


3.1 Plan Administrator and Discretionary Authority. The Plan shall be 
administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have total and exclusive 
responsibility to control, operate, manage and administer the Plan in 
accordance with its terms. The Committee shall have all the authority that 
may be necessary or helpful to enable it to discharge its responsibilities 
with respect to the Plan. Without limiting the generality of the preceding 
sentence, the Committee shall have the exclusive right to: (a) interpret 
the Plan and the Award Agreements executed hereunder; (b) decide all 
questions concerning eligibility for, and the amount of, Awards granted 
under the Plan; (c) construe any ambiguous provision of the Plan or any 
Award Agreement; (d) prescribe the form of Award Agreements; (e) correct 
any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan 
or any Award Agreement; (f) issue administrative guidelines as an aid to 
administering the Plan and make changes in such guidelines as the Committee 
from time to time deems proper; (g) make regulations for carrying out the 
Plan and make changes in such regulations as the Committee from time to 
time deems proper; (h) determine whether Awards should be granted singly or 
in combination; (i) to the extent permitted under the Plan, grant waivers 
of Plan terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations; (j) accelerate the 
exercise, vesting or payment of an Award when such action or actions would 
be in the best interests of the Company; (k) require Participants to hold a 
stated number or percentage of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to 
an Award
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
for a stated period; and (l) take any and all other actions the Committee 
deems necessary or advisable for the proper operation or administration of 
the Plan. The Committee shall have authority in its sole discretion with 
respect to all matters related to the discharge of its responsibilities and 
the exercise of its authority under the Plan, including without limitation 
its construction of the terms of the Plan and its determination of 
eligibility for participation in, and the terms of Awards granted under, 
the Plan. The decisions of the Committee and its actions with respect to 
the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having or 
claiming to have any right or interest in or under the Plan, including 
without limitation Participants and their respective Permitted Transferees, 
estates, beneficiaries and legal representatives.


3.2 Liability; Indemnification. No member of the Committee, nor any person 
to whom it has delegated authority, shall be personally liable for any 
action, interpretation or determination made in good faith with respect to 
the Plan or Awards granted hereunder, and each member of the Committee (or 
delegatee of the Committee) shall be fully indemnified and protected by 
GeoMet with respect to any liability he may incur with respect to any such 
action, interpretation or determination, to the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law.



ARTICLE IV. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN


4.1 Available Shares.

(a) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.2, the maximum number of 
shares of Common Stock that shall be available for grant of Awards under 
the Plan shall be 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock.

(b) The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be 
issued under the Plan through Incentive Stock Options is 4,000,000. The 
maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to all Awards 
granted under the Plan to any one Participant (i) during the fiscal year of 
GeoMet in which the Participant is first hired by the Company is 500,000 
shares and (ii) during each subsequent fiscal year is 400,000 shares. The 
limitations provided in this Section 4.1(b) shall be subject to adjustment 
as provided in Section 4.2.

(c) Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Plan may be original 
issue or treasury shares or a combination of the foregoing, as the 
Committee, in its sole discretion, shall from time to time determine. 
During the term of this Plan, GeoMet will at all times reserve and keep 
available such number of shares of Common Stock as shall be sufficient to 
satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

(d) Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Board 
or the Committee shall have the right to substitute or assume awards in 
connection with mergers, reorganizations, separations or other transactions 
to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies, provided such substitutions or 
assumptions are permitted by Section 424 of the Code (or, if applicable, 
Section 409A of the Code) and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
4.2 Adjustments for Recapitalizations and Reorganizations. Subject to 
Article XIII, if there is any change in the number or kind of shares of 
Common Stock outstanding (a) by reason of a stock dividend, spin-off, 
recapitalization, stock split, or combination or exchange of shares, (b) by 
reason of a merger, reorganization, or consolidation, (c) by reason of a 
reclassification or change in par value, or (d) by reason of any other 
extraordinary or unusual event affecting the outstanding Common Stock as a 
class without GeoMets receipt of consideration, or if the value of 
outstanding shares of Common Stock is reduced as a result of a spin-off or 
GeoMets payment of an extraordinary cash dividend, or distribution or 
dividend or distribution consisting of any assets of GeoMet other than 
cash, the maximum number and kind of shares of Common Stock available for 
issuance under the Plan, the maximum number and kind of shares of Common 
Stock for which any individual may receive Awards in any fiscal year or 
under the Plan, the number and kind of shares of Common Stock covered by 
outstanding Awards, and the price per share or the applicable market value 
or performance target of such Awards may be appropriately adjusted by the 
Committee to reflect any increase or decrease in the number of, or change 
in the kind or value of, issued shares of Common Stock to preclude, to the 
extent practicable, the enlargement or dilution of rights under such 
Awards; provided, however, that any fractional shares resulting from such 
adjustment shall be eliminated; provided, further, that the number and kind 
of shares of Common Stock available for issuance as Incentive Stock Options 
under the Plan shall be adjusted only in accordance with Sections 422 and 
424 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of this Section 4.2, outstanding Awards and Award Agreements 
shall be adjusted in accordance with (a) Sections 422 and 424 of the Code 
and the regulations thereunder with respect to Incentive Stock Options and 
(b) Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder with respect to 
Nonqualified Stock Options, SARs and, to the extent applicable, other 
Awards.


4.3 Adjustments for Awards. The Committee shall have sole discretion to 
determine the manner in which shares of Common Stock available for grant of 
Awards under the Plan are counted. Without limiting the discretion of the 
Committee under this Section 4.3, unless otherwise determined by the 
Committee, the following rules shall apply for the purpose of determining 
the number of shares of Common Stock available for grant of Awards under 
the Plan:

(a) Options, Restricted Stock and Stock Awards. The grant of Options, 
Restricted Stock or Stock Awards shall reduce the number of shares of 
Common Stock available for grant of Awards under the Plan by the number of 
shares of Common Stock subject to such an Award.

(b) SARs. The grant of SARs that may be paid or settled (i) only in Common 
Stock or (ii) in either cash or Common Stock shall reduce the number of 
shares available for grant of Awards under the Plan by the number of shares 
subject to such an Award; provided, however, that upon the exercise of 
SARs, the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
excess of the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the 
Award is exercised over the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon 
exercise of the Award shall again be available for grant of Awards under 
the Plan. The grant of SARs that may be paid or settled only for cash shall 
not affect the number of shares available for grant of Awards under the 
Plan.

(c) Restricted Stock Units. The grant of Restricted Stock Units (including 
those credited to a Participant in respect of a Dividend Unit Right) that 
may be paid or settled (i) only in Common Stock or (ii) in either cash or 
Common Stock shall reduce the number of shares available for grant of 
Awards under the Plan by the number of shares subject to such an Award; 
provided, however, that upon settlement of the Award, the excess, if any, 
of the number of shares of Common Stock that had been subject to such Award 
over the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon its settlement shall 
again be available for grant of Awards under the Plan. The grant of 
Restricted Stock Units that may be paid or settled only for cash shall not 
affect the number of shares available for grant of Awards under the Plan.

(d) Performance Awards and Other Incentive Awards. The grant of a 
Performance Award or Other Incentive Award in the form of Common Stock or 
that may be paid or settled (i) only in Common Stock or (ii) in either 
Common Stock or cash shall reduce the number of shares available for grant 
of Awards under the Plan by the number of shares subject to such an Award; 
provided, however, that upon settlement of the Award, the excess, if any, 
of the number of shares of Common Stock that had been subject to such Award 
over the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon its settlement shall 
again be available for grant of Awards under the Plan. The grant of a 
Performance Award or Other Incentive Award that may be paid or settled only 
for cash shall not affect the number of shares available for grant of 
Awards under the Plan.

(e) Cancellation, Forfeiture and Termination. If any Award referred to in 
Sections 4.3(a), (b), (c), or (d) (other than an Award that may be paid or 
settled only for cash) is canceled or forfeited, or terminates, expires or 
lapses, for any reason, the shares then subject to such Award shall again 
be available for grant of Awards under the Plan.

(f) Payment of Exercise Price and Withholding Taxes. If previously acquired 
shares of Common Stock are used to pay the exercise price of an Award, the 
number of shares available for grant of Awards under the Plan shall be 
increased by the number of shares delivered as payment of such exercise 
price. If previously acquired shares of Common Stock are used to pay 
withholding taxes payable upon exercise, vesting or payment of an Award, or 
shares of Common Stock that would be acquired upon exercise, vesting or 
payment of an Award are withheld to pay withholding taxes payable upon 
exercise, vesting or payment of such Award, the number of shares available 
for grant of Awards under the Plan shall be increased by the number of 
shares delivered or withheld as payment of such withholding taxes.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ARTICLE V. ELIGIBILITY


The Committee shall select Participants from those Employees and Outside 
Directors that, in the opinion of the Committee, are in a position to make 
a significant contribution to the success of the Company. Once a 
Participant has been selected for an Award by the Committee, the Committee 
shall determine the type and size of Award to be granted to the Participant 
and shall establish in the related Award Agreement the terms, conditions, 
restrictions and limitations applicable to the Award, in addition to those 
set forth in the Plan and the administrative guidelines and regulations, if 
any, established by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employees 
and Outside Directors that provide services to Affiliates that are not 
considered a single employer with GeoMet under Code Section 414(b) or Code 
Section 414(c) shall not be eligible to receive Awards which are subject to 
Code Section 409A until the Affiliate adopts this Plan as a participating 
employer in accordance with Section 15.19.



ARTICLE VI. FORM OF AWARDS


6.1 Form of Awards. Awards may be granted under the Plan, in the 
Committees sole discretion, in the form of Options pursuant to Article 
VII, SARs pursuant to Article VIII, Restricted Stock pursuant to Article 
IX, Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Article X, Performance Awards 
pursuant to Article XI, and Stock Awards and Other Incentive Awards 
pursuant to Article XII, or a combination thereof. All Awards shall be 
subject to the terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations of the Plan. 
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, subject any Award to such other 
terms, conditions, restrictions and/or limitations (including without 
limitation the time and conditions of exercise, vesting or payment of an 
Award and restrictions on transferability of any shares of Common Stock 
issued or delivered pursuant to an Award), provided they are not 
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. The Committee may, but is not 
required to, subject an Award to such conditions as it determines are 
necessary or appropriate to ensure that an Award constitutes qualified 
performance based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the 
Code and the regulations thereunder. Awards under a particular Article of 
the Plan need not be uniform, and Awards under more than one Article of the 
Plan may be combined in a single Award Agreement. Any combination of Awards 
may be granted at one time and on more than one occasion to the same 
Participant. Subject to compliance with applicable tax law, an Award 
Agreement may provide that a Participant may elect to defer receipt of 
income attributable to the exercise or vesting of an Award.


6.2 No Repricing or Reload Rights. Except for adjustments made pursuant to 
Section 4.2, no Award may be repriced, replaced, regranted through 
cancellation or otherwise modified without stockholder approval, if the 
effect would be to reduce the exercise price for the shares underlying such 
Award. The Committee may not cancel an outstanding Option that is under 
water for the purpose of granting a replacement Award of a different type.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
6.3 Loans. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, approve the extension 
of a loan by the Company to a Participant who is an Employee to assist the 
Participant in paying the exercise price or purchase price of an Award; 
provided, however, that no loan shall be permitted if the extension of such 
loan would violate any provision of applicable law. Any loan will be made 
upon such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.



ARTICLE VII. OPTIONS


7.1 General. Awards may be granted in the form of Options that may be 
Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options, or a combination of 
both. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of GeoMet or 
a parent corporation or a subsidiary corporation of GeoMet, as those 
terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 
Nonqualified Stock Options may be granted only to Employees and Outside 
Directors performing services for GeoMet or a corporation or other type of 
entity in a chain of corporations or other entities in which each 
corporation or other entity has a controlling interest in another 
corporation or entity in the chain, starting with GeoMet and ending with 
the corporation or other entity for which the Employee or Outside Director 
performs services. For purposes of this Section, controlling interest 
means (i) in the case of a corporation, ownership of stock possessing at 
least 50% of total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled 
to vote of such corporation or at least 50% of the total value of shares of 
all classes of stock of such corporation; (ii) in the case of a 
partnership, ownership of at least 50% of the profits interest or capital 
interest of such partnership; (iii) in the case of a sole proprietorship, 
ownership of the sole proprietorship; or (iv) in the case of a trust or 
estate, ownership of an actuarial interest (as defined in Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(ii)) of at least 50% of such trust or 
estate.


7.2 Terms and Conditions of Options. An Option shall be exercisable in 
whole or in such installments and at such times as may be determined by the 
Committee. The price at which a share of Common Stock may be purchased upon 
exercise of an Option shall be determined by the Committee, but such 
exercise price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per 
share of Common Stock on the Grant Date unless the Option was granted 
through the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards 
previously granted to individuals who became Employees as a result of a 
merger, consolidation, acquisition, or other corporate transaction 
involving the Company and complies with Section 409A of the Code. Except as 
otherwise provided in Section 7.3, the term of each Option shall be as 
specified by the Committee; provided, however, that no Options shall be 
exercisable later than ten years after the Grant Date. Options may be 
granted with respect to Restricted Stock or shares of Common Stock that are 
not Restricted Stock, as determined by the Committee in its sole 
discretion.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
7.3 Restrictions Relating to Incentive Stock Options.

(a) Options granted in the form of Incentive Stock Options shall, in 
addition to being subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7.2, 
comply with Section 422(b) of the Code. To the extent the aggregate Fair 
Market Value (determined as of the times the respective Incentive Stock 
Options are granted) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock 
Options are exercisable for the first time by an individual during any 
calendar year under all incentive stock option plans of the Company exceeds 
$100,000, such excess Incentive Stock Options shall be treated as options 
that do not constitute Incentive Stock Options. The Committee shall 
determine, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Code, which 
of a Participants Incentive Stock Options will not constitute Incentive 
Stock Options because of such limitation and shall notify the Participant 
of such determination as soon as practicable after such determination. The 
price at which a share of Common Stock may be purchased upon exercise of an 
Incentive Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee, but such 
exercise price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a 
share of Common Stock on the Grant Date. No Incentive Stock Option shall be 
granted to an Employee under the Plan if, at the time such Option is 
granted, such Employee owns stock possessing more than 10% of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of GeoMet or an Affiliate, 
within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code, unless (i) on the 
Grant Date of such Option, the exercise price of such Option is at least 
110% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option and 
(ii) such Option by its terms is not exercisable after the expiration of 
five years from the Grant Date of the Option.

(b) Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option shall notify GeoMet 
in writing immediately after the date he or she makes a disqualifying 
disposition of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise 
of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any 
disposition (including any sale) of such Common Stock before the later of 
(i) two years after the Grant Date of the Incentive Stock Option or (ii) 
one year after the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option.


7.4 Exercise of Options.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Options shall be 
exercised by the delivery of a written notice of exercise to GeoMet, 
setting forth the number of whole shares of Common Stock with respect to 
which the Option is to be exercised, accompanied by full payment for such 
shares.

(b) Upon exercise of an Option, the exercise price of the Option shall be 
payable to GeoMet in full either: (i) in cash or an equivalent acceptable 
to the Committee, or (ii) in the sole discretion of the Committee and in 
accordance with any applicable administrative guidelines established by the 
Committee, by tendering one or more previously acquired nonforfeitable, 
unrestricted shares of Common Stock that have been held by the Participant 
for at least six months
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
having an aggregate Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the 
total exercise price, or (iii) in a combination of the forms of payment 
specified in clauses (i) and (ii) above.

(c) During such time as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12 of 
the Exchange Act, to the extent permissible under applicable law, payment 
of the exercise price of an Option may also be made, in the absolute 
discretion of the Committee, by delivery to GeoMet or its designated agent 
of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable 
instructions to a broker-dealer to sell or margin a sufficient portion of 
the shares with respect to which the Option is exercised and deliver the 
sale or margin loan proceeds directly to GeoMet to pay the exercise price 
and any required withholding taxes.

(d) As soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of written notification 
of exercise of an Option and full payment of the exercise price and any 
required withholding taxes, GeoMet shall (i) deliver to the Participant, in 
the Participants name or the name of the Participants designee, a stock 
certificate or certificates in an appropriate aggregate amount based upon 
the number of shares of Common Stock purchased under the Option, or (ii) 
cause to be issued in the Participants name or the name of the 
Participants designee, in book-entry form, an appropriate number of shares 
of Common Stock based upon the number of shares purchased under the Option.


7.5 Termination of Employment or Service. Each Award Agreement embodying 
the Award of an Option shall set forth the extent to which the Participant 
shall have the right to exercise the Option following termination of the 
Participants employment or service with the Company. Such provisions shall 
be determined by the Committee in its absolute discretion, need not be 
uniform among all Options granted under the Plan and may reflect 
distinctions based on the reasons for termination of employment or service. 
In the event a Participants Award Agreement embodying the award of an 
Option does not set forth such termination provisions, the following 
termination provisions shall apply with respect to such Award:

(a) Termination Other Than For Cause. If the employment or service of a 
Participant shall terminate for any reason other than Cause, each 
outstanding Option held by the Participant may be exercised, to the extent 
then vested, until the earlier of (i) the expiration of one year from the 
date of such termination of employment or service or (ii) the expiration of 
the term of such Option.

(b) Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) above, if the 
employment or service of a Participant shall terminate for Cause, each 
outstanding Option held by the Participant may be exercised, to the extent 
then vested, until the earlier of (i) the expiration of 30 days from the 
date of such termination of employment or service or (ii) the expiration of 
the terms of such Option.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option will not be treated as an 
Incentive Stock Option unless at all times beginning on the Grant Date and 
ending on the day three months (one year in the case of a Participant who 
is disabled within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) before 
the date of exercise of the Option, the Participant is an employee of 
GeoMet or an Affiliate (or a corporation or a parent or subsidiary 
corporation of such corporation issuing or assuming an option in a 
transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies).



ARTICLE VIII. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS


8.1 General.

(a) The Committee may grant Awards in the form of SARs in such numbers and 
at such times as it shall determine. SARs shall vest and be exercisable in 
whole or in such installments and at such times as may be determined by the 
Committee. The price at which SARs may be exercised shall be determined by 
the Committee but shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per 
share of Common Stock on the Grant Date unless the SARs were granted 
through the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards 
previously granted to individuals who became Employees as a result of a 
merger, consolidation, acquisition, or other corporate transaction 
involving the Company and comply with Section 409A of the Code. The term of 
each SAR shall be as specified by the Committee; provided, however, that no 
SARs shall be exercisable later than ten years after the Grant Date. At the 
time of an Award of SARs, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, 
prescribe additional terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations 
applicable to the SARs, including without limitation rules pertaining to 
the termination of employment or service (by reason of death, permanent and 
total disability, or otherwise) of a Participant prior to exercise of the 
SARs, as it determines are necessary or appropriate, provided they are not 
inconsistent with the Plan.

(b) SARs may be granted only to Employees or Outside Directors performing 
services for GeoMet or a corporation or other type of entity in a chain of 
corporations or other entities in which each corporation or other entity 
has a controlling interest in another corporation or entity in the chain, 
starting with GeoMet and ending with the corporation or other entity for 
which the Employee or Outside Director performs services. For purposes of 
this subsection, controlling interest means (i) in the case of a 
corporation, ownership of stock possessing at least 50% of total combined 
voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of such corporation 
or at least 50% of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of 
such corporation; (ii) in the case of a partnership, ownership of at least 
50% of the profits interest or capital interest of such partnership; (iii) 
in the case of a sole proprietorship, ownership of the sole proprietorship; 
or (iv) in the case of a trust or estate, ownership of an actuarial 
interest (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(ii)) 
of at least 50% of such trust or estate.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
8.2 Exercise of SARs. SARs shall be exercised by the delivery of a written 
notice of exercise to GeoMet, setting forth the number of whole shares of 
Common Stock with respect to which the Award is being exercised. Upon the 
exercise of SARs, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount 
equal to the excess of the aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares of 
Common Stock with respect to which the Award is exercised (determined as of 
the date of such exercise) over the aggregate exercise price of such 
shares. Such amount shall be payable to the Participant in cash or in 
shares of Common Stock, as provided in the Award Agreement.



ARTICLE IX. RESTRICTED STOCK


9.1 General. Awards may be granted in the form of Restricted Stock in such 
numbers and at such times as the Committee shall determine. The Committee 
shall impose such terms, conditions and restrictions on Restricted Stock as 
it may deem advisable, including without limitation providing for vesting 
upon the achievement of specified performance goals pursuant to a 
Performance Award and restrictions under applicable Federal or state 
securities laws. A Participant shall not be required to make any payment 
for Restricted Stock unless required by the Committee pursuant to Section 
9.2.


9.2 Purchased Restricted Stock. The Committee may in its sole discretion 
require a Participant to pay a stipulated purchase price for each share of 
Restricted Stock.


9.3 Restricted Period. At the time an Award of Restricted Stock is granted, 
the Committee shall establish a Restricted Period applicable to such 
Restricted Stock. Each Award of Restricted Stock may have a different 
Restricted Period in the sole discretion of the Committee.


9.4 Other Terms and Conditions. Restricted Stock shall constitute issued 
and outstanding shares of Common Stock for all corporate purposes. 
Restricted Stock awarded to a Participant under the Plan shall be 
registered in the name of the Participant or, at the option of GeoMet, in 
the name of a nominee of GeoMet, and shall be issued in book-entry form or 
represented by a stock certificate. Subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Award Agreement, a Participant to whom Restricted Stock has been 
awarded shall have the right to receive dividends thereon during the 
Restricted Period, to vote the Restricted Stock and to enjoy all other 
stockholder rights with respect thereto, except that (a) GeoMet shall 
retain custody of any certificates evidencing the Restricted Stock during 
the Restricted Period, and (b) the Participant may not sell, transfer, 
pledge, exchange, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock 
during the Restricted Period. A breach of the terms and conditions 
established by the Committee pursuant to the Award of the Restricted Stock 
may result in a forfeiture of the Restricted Stock. At the time of an Award 
of Restricted Stock, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, prescribe 
additional terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations applicable to 
the Restricted Stock, including without limitation rules pertaining to the 
termination of employment or service (by reason of death, permanent and 
total disability, retirement, cause or otherwise) of a Participant prior to 
expiration of the Restricted Period.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
9.5 Miscellaneous. Nothing in this Article shall prohibit the exchange of 
shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to a plan of merger or reorganization 
for stock or other securities of GeoMet or another corporation that is a 
party to the reorganization, provided that the stock or securities so 
received in exchange for shares of Restricted Stock shall, except as 
provided in Article XIII, become subject to the restrictions applicable to 
such Restricted Stock. Any shares of Common Stock received as a result of a 
stock split or stock dividend with respect to shares of Restricted Stock 
shall also become subject to the restrictions applicable to such Restricted 
Stock.



ARTICLE X. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS


10.1 General. Awards may be granted in the form of Restricted Stock Units 
in such numbers and at such times as the Committee shall determine. The 
Committee shall impose such terms, conditions and restrictions on 
Restricted Stock Units as it may deem advisable, including without 
limitation prescribing the period over which and the conditions upon which 
a Restricted Stock Unit may become vested or be forfeited, and providing 
for vesting upon the achievement of specified performance goals pursuant to 
a Performance Award. Upon the lapse of restrictions with respect to each 
Restricted Stock Unit, the Participant shall be entitled to receive from 
the Company one share of Common Stock or an amount of cash equal to the 
Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock, as provided in the Award 
Agreement. A Participant shall not be required to make any payment for 
Restricted Stock Units.


10.2 Restricted Period. At the time an Award of Restricted Stock Units is 
granted, the Committee shall establish a Restricted Period applicable to 
such Restricted Stock Units. Each Award of Restricted Stock Units may have 
a different Restricted Period in the sole discretion of the Committee.


10.3 Cash Dividend Rights and Dividend Unit Rights. To the extent provided 
by the Committee in its sole discretion, a grant of Restricted Stock Units 
may include a tandem Cash Dividend Right or Dividend Unit Right grant. A 
grant of Cash Dividend Rights may provide that such Cash Dividend Rights 
shall be paid directly to the Participant at the time of payment of related 
dividend, be credited to a bookkeeping account subject to the same vesting 
and payment provisions as the tandem Award (with or without interest in the 
sole discretion of the Committee), or be subject to such other provisions 
or restrictions as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. A 
grant of Dividend Unit Rights may provide that such Dividend Unit Rights 
shall be subject to the same vesting and payment provisions as the tandem 
Award or be subject to such other provisions and restrictions as determined 
by the Committee in its sole discretion.


10.4 Other Terms and Conditions. At the time of an Award of Restricted 
Stock Units, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, prescribe 
additional terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations applicable to 
the Restricted Stock Units, including
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
without limitation rules pertaining to the termination of employment or 
service (by reason of death, permanent and total disability, retirement, 
cause or otherwise) of a Participant prior to expiration of the Restricted 
Period.



ARTICLE XI. PERFORMANCE AWARDS


11.1 General. Awards may be granted in the form of Performance Awards that 
may be payable in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, or a 
combination of both, in such amounts and at such times as the Committee 
shall determine. Performance Awards shall be conditioned upon the level of 
achievement of one or more stated performance goals over a specified 
performance period that shall not be shorter than one year. Performance 
Awards may be combined with other Awards to impose performance criteria as 
part of the terms of such other Awards.


11.2 Terms and Conditions. Each Award Agreement embodying a Performance 
Award shall set forth (a) the amount, including a target and maximum amount 
if applicable, a Participant may earn in the form of cash or shares of 
Common Stock or a formula for determining such amount, (b) the performance 
criteria and level of achievement versus such criteria that shall determine 
the amount payable or number of shares of Common Stock to be granted, 
issued, retained and/or vested, (c) the performance period over which 
performance is to be measured, (d) the timing of any payments to be made, 
(e) restrictions on the transferability of the Award, and (f) such other 
terms and conditions as the Committee may determine that are not 
inconsistent with the Plan.


11.3 Code Section 162(m) Requirements. From and after the date on which 
remuneration paid pursuant to the Plan becomes subject to the deduction 
limitation of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall determine in 
its sole discretion whether all or any portion of a Performance Award shall 
be intended to satisfy the requirements for performance-based 
compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code (the 162(m) Requirements). 
The performance criteria for any Performance Award that is intended to 
satisfy the 162(m) Requirements shall be established in writing by the 
Committee based on one or more performance goals as set forth in Section 
11.4 not later than 90 days after commencement of the performance period 
with respect to such Award, provided that the outcome of the performance in 
respect of the goals remains substantially uncertain as of such time. The 
maximum amount that may be paid in cash pursuant to Performance Awards 
granted to a Participant with respect to a GeoMets fiscal year that are 
intended to satisfy the 162(m) Requirements is $1,000,000; provided, 
however, that such maximum amount with respect to a Performance Award that 
provides for a performance period longer than one fiscal year shall be the 
foregoing limit multiplied by the number of full fiscal years in the 
performance period. At the time of the grant of a Performance Award and to 
the extent permitted under Code Section 162(m) and regulations thereunder 
for a Performance Award intended to satisfy the 162(m) Requirements, the 
Committee may provide for the manner in which the performance goals will be 
measured in light of specified corporate transactions, extraordinary 
events, accounting changes and other similar occurrences.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
11.4 Performance Goals. The performance measure(s) to be used for purposes 
of Performance Awards may be described in terms of objectives that are 
related to the individual Participant or objectives that are Company-wide 
or related to a subsidiary, division, department, region, function or 
business unit of the Company in which the Participant is employed or with 
respect to which the Participant performs services, and may consist of one 
or more or any combination of the following criteria, or such other 
relevant criteria as the Committee may determine: (a) earnings or earnings 
per share (whether on a pre-tax, after-tax, operational or other basis), 
(b) return on equity, (c) return on assets or net assets, (d) return on 
capital or invested capital and other related financial measures, (e) cash 
flow or EBITDA (measured as the Committee may determine), (f) revenues, (g) 
income or operating income, (h) expenses or costs or expense levels or cost 
levels (absolute or per unit), (i) one or more operating ratios, (j) stock 
price, (k) total stockholder return, (l) operating profit, (m) profit 
margin, (n) capital expenditures, (o) net borrowing, debt leverage levels, 
credit quality or debt ratings, (p) the accomplishment of mergers, 
acquisitions, dispositions, public offerings or similar extraordinary 
business transactions, (q) net asset value per share, (r) economic value 
added, (s) individual business objectives, (t) growth in production, (u) 
growth in reserves, (v) reserve replacement ratio and (w) finding and 
development cost per unit. The performance goals based on these performance 
measures may be made relative to the performance of other business 
entities.


11.5 Certification and Negative Discretion. Prior to the payment of any 
compensation pursuant to a Performance Award that is intended to satisfy 
the 162(m) Requirements, the Committee shall certify the extent to which 
the performance goals and other material terms of the Award have been 
achieved or satisfied. The Committee in its sole discretion shall have the 
authority to reduce, but not to increase, the amount payable and the number 
of shares to be granted, issued, retained or vested pursuant to a 
Performance Award.



ARTICLE XII. STOCK AWARDS AND OTHER INCENTIVE AWARDS


12.1 Stock Awards. Stock Awards may be granted to Participants upon such 
terms and conditions as the Committee may determine. Shares of Common Stock 
issued pursuant to Stock Awards may be issued for cash consideration or for 
no cash consideration. The Committee shall determine the number of shares 
of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to a Stock Award.


12.2 Other Incentive Awards. Other Incentive Awards may be granted in such 
amounts, upon such terms and at such times as the Committee shall 
determine. Other Incentive Awards may be granted based upon, payable in or 
otherwise related to, in whole or in part, shares of Common Stock if the 
Committee, in its sole discretion, determines that such Other Incentive 
Awards are consistent with the purposes of the Plan. Each grant of an Other 
Incentive Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify 
the amount of the Other Incentive Award and the terms, conditions, 
restrictions and limitations applicable to such Award. Payment of Other 
Incentive Awards shall be made at such times and in such form, which may be 
cash, shares of Common Stock or other property (or a combination thereof), 
as established by the Committee, subject to the terms of the Plan.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ARTICLE XIII. CORPORATE CHANGE


13.1 Vesting of Awards. Except as provided otherwise below in this Article 
or in an Award Agreement at the time an Award is granted, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Plan, if a Participants employment or 
service with the Company is terminated for any reason other than death, 
Cause or Inability to Perform or if a Participant voluntarily terminates 
employment or service for Good Reason, in either case within the one-year 
period following a Corporate Change of GeoMet, any time periods, conditions 
or contingencies relating to the exercise or realization of, or lapse of 
restrictions under, any Award shall be automatically accelerated or waived 
so that:

(a) if no exercise of the Award is required, the Award may be realized in 
full at the time of the occurrence of the Participants termination of 
employment or service; or

(b) if exercise of the Award is required, the Award may be exercised in 
full commencing on the date of the Participants termination of employment 
or service;


provided, however, that with respect to any Award that consists of deferred 
compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, such 
Participants termination of employment must constitute a separation from 
service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury 
guidance and regulations thereunder; provided, further, that delivery of 
payment upon separation from service to a Participant who is a specified 
employee (as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder) 
as of the date of his or her separation from service shall be delayed for a 
period of six months after the Participants separation from service (or, 
if earlier than the end of the six-month period, the date of death of the 
Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as permissible under 
Section 409A of the Code and Treasury guidance and regulations thereunder, 
the time of payment provisions in this Section 13.1 shall not apply to any 
Award that consists of deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 
409A of the Code if application of such provisions would change the time of 
payment set out in the Award.


13.2 Replacement Awards. In the event all outstanding Awards are replaced 
in connection with a Corporate Change by comparable types of awards of at 
least substantially equivalent value, as determined by the Committee in its 
sole discretion, such replacement awards shall provide for automatic 
acceleration or waiver as provided in Section 13.1 in the event of a 
Participants involuntary termination of employment or service with the 
Company other than for Cause, death or Inability to Perform, or voluntary 
termination of employment or service for Good Reason, as applicable, within 
the one-year period following the Corporate Change of GeoMet.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
13.3 Cancellation of Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on or prior to 
the date of a Corporate Change, the Committee may take any of the following 
actions with respect to all outstanding Awards, without the consent of any 
Participant: (a) the Committee may require that Participants surrender 
their outstanding Options and SARs in exchange for payment by the Company, 
in cash, Common Stock, the securities of another company, or a combination 
thereof, as determined by the Committee, in an amount equal to the amount, 
if any, by which the then Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock 
subject to the Participants unexercised Options and SARs exceeds the 
exercise price or grant price, and (b) with respect to Participants holding 
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards or Other 
Incentive Awards, and related Cash Dividend Rights and Dividend Unit Rights 
(if applicable), the Committee may determine that such Participants shall 
receive payment in settlement of such Awards (and dividend rights), in an 
amount equivalent to the value of such Awards (and dividend rights) at the 
time of such settlement; provided, however, that except as permissible 
under Section 409A of the Code and Treasury guidance and regulations 
thereunder, this Section 13.3 shall not apply to change the time of payment 
set out in any Award that consists of deferred compensation within the 
meaning of Section 409A of the Code.



ARTICLE XIV. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION


14.1 Plan Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time suspend, 
terminate, amend or modify the Plan, in whole or in part; provided, 
however, that no amendment or modification of the Plan shall become 
effective without the approval of such amendment or modification by the 
holders of at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock if (a) such 
amendment or modification increases the maximum number of shares subject to 
the Plan (except as provided in Article IV) or changes the designation or 
class of persons eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, or (b) counsel 
for GeoMet determines that such approval is otherwise required by or 
necessary to comply with applicable law or the listing requirements of 
NASDAQ or such other exchange or association on which the Common Stock is 
then listed or quoted. An amendment to the Plan shall not require 
stockholder approval if it curtails rather than expands the scope of the 
Plan, nor if it is made to conform the Plan to new statutory or regulatory 
requirements that arise after submission of the Plan to stockholders for 
their approval, such as, without limitation, changes to Code Section 409A, 
or regulations issued thereunder. Upon termination of the Plan, the terms 
and provisions of the Plan shall, notwithstanding such termination, 
continue to apply to Awards granted prior to such termination. Except as 
otherwise provided herein, no suspension, termination, amendment or 
modification of the Plan shall adversely affect in any material way any 
Award previously granted under the Plan, without the consent of the 
Participant (or the Permitted Transferee) holding such Award. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, GeoMet may amend any Award Agreement to be 
exempt from Code Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Code 
Section 409A or to modify any provision that causes an Award that is 
intended to be classified as an equity instrument under FAS 123R to be 
classified as a liability on GeoMets financial statements.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
14.2 Award Amendment and Cancellation. The Committee may amend the terms of 
any outstanding Award granted pursuant to the Plan, but except as otherwise 
provided herein, no such amendment shall adversely affect in any material 
way the Participants (or a Permitted Transferees) rights under an 
outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant (or the Permitted 
Transferee) holding such Award.



ARTICLE XV. MISCELLANEOUS


15.1 Award Agreements. After the Committee grants an Award under the Plan 
to a Participant, GeoMet and the Participant shall enter into an Award 
Agreement setting forth the terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations 
applicable to the Award and such other matters as the Committee may 
determine to be appropriate. The Committee may permit or require a 
Participant to defer receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of 
shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be due to the Participant in 
connection with any Award; provided, however, that any permitted deferrals 
shall be structured to meet the requirements of Section 409A of the Code 
and regulations thereunder. Awards that are not paid currently shall be 
recorded as payable on GeoMets records for the Plan. The terms and 
provisions of the respective Award Agreements need not be identical. All 
Award Agreements shall be subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the 
event of any conflict between an Award Agreement and the Plan, the terms of 
the Plan shall govern. All Awards under the Plan are intended to be 
structured in a manner that will either comply with or be exempt from 
Section 409A of the Code.


15.2 Listing; Suspension.

(a) As long as the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange 
or system sponsored by a national securities association, the issuance of 
any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Award shall be conditioned upon 
such shares being listed on such exchange or system. GeoMet shall have no 
obligation to issue such shares unless and until such shares are so listed, 
and the right to exercise any Option or other Award with respect to such 
shares shall be suspended until such listing has been effected.

(b) If at any time counsel to GeoMet or its Affiliates shall be of the 
opinion that any sale or delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to an 
Award is or may in the circumstances be unlawful or result in the 
imposition of excise taxes on GeoMet or its Affiliates under the laws of 
any applicable jurisdiction, GeoMet or its Affiliates shall have no 
obligation to make such sale or delivery, or to make any application or to 
effect or to maintain any qualification or registration under the 
Securities Act, or otherwise, with respect to shares of Common Stock or 
Awards, and the right to exercise any Option or other Award shall be 
suspended until, in the opinion of such counsel, such sale or delivery 
shall be lawful or will not result in the imposition of excise taxes on 
GeoMet or its Affiliates.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c) Upon termination of any period of suspension under this Section, any 
Award affected by such suspension that shall not then have expired or 
terminated shall be reinstated as to all shares available before such 
suspension and as to shares that would otherwise have become available 
during the period of such suspension, but no such suspension shall extend 
the term of any Award unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its 
sole discretion.


15.3 Additional Conditions. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the 
contrary: (a) the Committee may, if it shall determine it necessary or 
desirable in its sole discretion, at the time of grant of any Award or the 
issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Award, require the 
recipient of the Award or such shares of Common Stock, as a condition to 
the receipt thereof, to deliver to GeoMet a written representation of 
present intention to acquire the Award or such shares of Common Stock for 
his own account for investment and not for distribution, (b) the 
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to a Participant may include 
any legend that the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions 
on transfer, and (c) all certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered 
under the Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other 
restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, 
regulations and other requirements of the SEC, any stock exchange or 
association upon which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted, any 
applicable federal or state securities law, and any applicable corporate 
law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any 
such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.


15.4 Transferability.

(a) All Awards granted to a Participant shall be exercisable during his 
lifetime only by such Participant, or if applicable, a Permitted Transferee 
as provided in subsection (c) of this Section; provided, however, that in 
the event of a Participants legal incapacity, an Award may be exercised by 
his guardian or legal representative. When a Participant dies, the personal 
representative, beneficiary, or other person entitled to succeed to the 
rights of the Participant may acquire the rights under an Award. Any such 
successor must furnish proof satisfactory to GeoMet of the successors 
entitlement to receive the rights under an Award under the Participants 
will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution.

(b) Except as otherwise provided in this Section, no Award shall be subject 
to execution, attachment or similar process, and no Award may be sold, 
transferred, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, 
other than by will or pursuant to the applicable laws of descent and 
distribution. Any attempted sale, transfer, pledge, exchange, hypothecation 
or other disposition of an Award not specifically permitted by the Plan or 
the Award Agreement shall be null and void and without effect.

(c) If provided in the Award Agreement, Nonqualified Stock Options may be 
transferred by a Participant to a Permitted Transferee. For purposes of the
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Plan, Permitted Transferee means (i) a member of a Participants 
immediate family, (ii) any person sharing the Participants household 
(other than a tenant or employee of the Participant), (iii) trusts in which 
a person listed in (i) or (ii) above has more than 50% of the beneficial 
interest, (iv) a foundation in which the Participant or a person listed in 
(i) or (ii) above controls the management of assets, (v) any other entity 
in which the Participant or a person listed in (i) or (ii) above owns more 
than 50% of the voting interests, provided that in the case of the 
preceding clauses (i) through (v), no consideration is provided for the 
transfer, and (vi) any transferee permitted under applicable securities and 
tax laws as determined by counsel to GeoMet. In determining whether a 
person is a Permitted Transferee, immediate family members shall include 
a Participants child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, 
grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, 
father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or 
sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships.

(d) Incident to a Participants divorce, the Participant may request that 
GeoMet agree to observe the terms of a domestic relations order which may 
or may not be part of a qualified domestic relations order (as defined in 
Code Section 414(p)) with respect to all or a part of one or more Awards 
made to the Participant under the Plan. GeoMets decision regarding such a 
request shall be made by the Committee, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, based upon the best interests of GeoMet. The Committees 
decision need not be uniform among Participants. As a condition of 
participation, a Participant agrees to hold GeoMet harmless from any claim 
that may arise out of GeoMets observance of the terms of any such domestic 
relations order.


15.5 Withholding Taxes. The Company shall be entitled to deduct from any 
payment made under the Plan, regardless of the form of such payment, the 
amount of all applicable income and employment taxes required by law to be 
withheld with respect to such payment, may require the Participant to pay 
to the Company such withholding taxes prior to and as a condition of the 
making of any payment or the issuance or delivery of any shares of Common 
Stock under the Plan, and shall be entitled to deduct from any other 
compensation payable to the Participant any withholding obligations with 
respect to Awards. In accordance with any applicable administrative 
guidelines it establishes, the Committee may allow a Participant to pay the 
amount of taxes required by law to be withheld from or with respect to an 
Award by (a) withholding shares of Common Stock from any payment of Common 
Stock due as a result of such Award, or (b) permitting the Participant to 
deliver to the Company previously acquired shares of Common Stock, in each 
case having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such 
required withholding taxes. No payment shall be made and no shares of 
Common Stock shall be issued pursuant to any Award unless and until the 
applicable tax withholding obligations have been satisfied.


15.6 No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be 
issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award granted hereunder, 
provided that the Committee in its sole discretion may round fractional 
shares down to the nearest whole share or settle fractional shares in cash.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
15.7 Notices. All notices required or permitted to be given or made under 
the Plan or pursuant to any Award Agreement (unless provided otherwise in 
such Award Agreement) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been 
duly given or made if (a) delivered personally, (b) transmitted by first 
class registered or certified United States mail, postage prepaid, return 
receipt requested, (c) sent by prepaid overnight courier service, or (d) 
sent by telecopy or facsimile transmission, with confirmation receipt, to 
the person who is to receive it at the address that such person has 
theretofore specified by written notice delivered in accordance herewith. 
Such notices shall be effective (a) if delivered personally or sent by 
courier service, upon actual receipt by the intended recipient, (b) if 
mailed, upon the earlier of five days after deposit in the mail or the date 
of delivery as shown by the return receipt therefor, or (c) if sent by 
telecopy or facsimile transmission, when the answer back is received. 
GeoMet or a Participant may change, at any time and from time to time, by 
written notice to the other, the address that it or such Participant had 
theretofore specified for receiving notices. Until such address is changed 
in accordance herewith, notices hereunder or under an Award Agreement shall 
be delivered or sent (a) to a Participant at his address as set forth in 
the records of the Company or (b) to GeoMet at the principal executive 
offices of GeoMet clearly marked Attention: General Counsel.


15.8 Compliance with Law and Stock Exchange or Association Requirements. 
In addition, it is the intent of GeoMet that Options designated Incentive 
Stock Options comply with the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the 
Code, and that Awards intended to constitute qualified performance-based 
awards comply with the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code 
and that any deferral of the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery 
of shares of Common Stock that the Committee may permit or require, and all 
Awards either be exempt from Code section 409A or, if not exempt, comply 
with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any 
legal requirement of Section 16 of the Exchange Act or Sections 422, 162(m) 
or 409A of the Code as set forth in the Plan ceases to be required under 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act or Sections 422, 162(m) or 409A of the Code, 
that Plan provision shall cease to apply. Any provision of this Plan to the 
contrary notwithstanding, the Committee may revoke any Award if it is 
contrary to law, governmental regulation, or stock exchange or association 
requirements or modify an Award to bring it into compliance with any 
government regulation or stock exchange or association requirements. The 
Committee may agree to limit its authority under this Section.


15.9 California Blue Sky Laws. Prior to the effective registration of the 
Common Stock under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, (a) GeoMet shall deliver 
a balance sheet and an income statement at least annually to each 
Participant who performs services in the State of California, unless such 
Participant is a key employee whose duties in connection with the Company 
assure such Participant access to equivalent information, (b) the Committee 
may not impose upon any Award grant made to a Participant who performs 
services in the State of California a vesting schedule that is more 
restrictive than 20 percent per year vesting, with the initial vesting to 
occur not later than one year after
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Awards grant date; provided, however, that such vesting limitation 
shall not be applicable to any Award grants made to individuals who are 
officers of GeoMet, and (c) with respect to California Participants 
(including any individual whose Award is based in whole or in part on 
services performed in California), the Plan shall otherwise be administered 
in accordance with California Corporations Code Section 25102(o) and 
California Code of Regulations, Title 10, Sections 260.140.41, 260.140.42, 
260.140.45, and 260.140.46.


15.10 Binding Effect. The obligations of GeoMet under the Plan shall be 
binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the 
merger, consolidation or other reorganization of GeoMet, or upon any 
successor corporation or organization succeeding to all or substantially 
all of the assets and business of GeoMet. The terms and conditions of the 
Plan shall be binding upon each Participant and his Permitted Transferees, 
heirs, legatees, distributees and legal representatives.


15.11 Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement is 
held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity 
shall not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan or such agreement, as 
the case may be, but such provision shall be fully severable and the Plan 
or such agreement, as the case may be, shall be construed and enforced as 
if the illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein or 
therein.


15.12 No Restriction of Corporate Action. Nothing contained in the Plan 
shall be construed to prevent GeoMet or any Affiliate from taking any 
corporate action (including any corporate action to suspend, terminate, 
amend or modify the Plan) that is deemed by GeoMet or such Affiliate to be 
appropriate or in its best interest, whether or not such action would have 
an adverse effect on the Plan or any Awards made or to be made under the 
Plan. No Participant or other person shall have any claim against GeoMet or 
any Affiliate as a result of such action.


15.13 Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws (and not the principles relating to 
conflicts of laws) of the State of Texas except as superseded by applicable 
federal law.


15.14 No Right, Title or Interest in Company Assets. No Participant shall 
have any rights as a stockholder of GeoMet as a result of participation in 
the Plan until the date of issuance of Common Stock in his name and, in the 
case of Restricted Stock, unless and until such rights are granted to the 
Participant pursuant to the Plan. To the extent any person acquires a right 
to receive payments from the Company under the Plan, such rights shall be 
no greater than the rights of an unsecured general creditor of the Company, 
and such person shall not have any rights in or against any specific assets 
of the Company. All Awards shall be unfunded.


15.15 Risk of Participation. Nothing contained in the Plan shall be 
construed either as a guarantee by GeoMet or the Affiliates, or their 
respective stockholders, directors, officers or employees, of the value of 
any assets of the Plan or as an agreement by GeoMet or the Affiliates, or 
their respective stockholders, directors, officers or employees, to 
indemnify anyone for any losses, damages, costs or expenses resulting from 
participation in the Plan.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
15.16 No Guarantee of Tax Consequences. No person connected with the Plan 
in any capacity, including without limitation GeoMet and the Affiliates and 
their respective directors, officers, agents and employees, makes any 
representation, commitment or guarantee that any tax treatment, including 
without limitation federal, state and local income, estate and gift tax 
treatment, will be applicable with respect to any Awards or payments 
thereunder made to or for the benefit of a Participant under the Plan or 
that such tax treatment will apply to or be available to a Participant on 
account of participation in the Plan.


15.17 Continued Employment or Service. Nothing contained in the Plan or in 
any Award Agreement shall confer upon any Participant the right to continue 
in the employ or service of the Company, or interfere in any way with the 
rights of the Company to terminate a Participants employment or service at 
any time, with or without cause. The loss of existing or potential profit 
in Awards will not constitute an element of damages in the event of 
termination of employment or service for any reason, even if the 
termination is in violation of an obligation of GeoMet or an Affiliate to 
the Participant.


15.18 Miscellaneous. Headings are given to the articles and sections of the 
Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall 
not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction of the 
Plan or any provisions hereof. The use of the masculine gender shall also 
include within its meaning the feminine. Wherever the context of the Plan 
dictates, the use of the singular shall also include within its meaning the 
plural, and vice versa.


15.19 Participating Affiliates. With the consent of the Committee, any 
Affiliate that is not considered a single employer with GeoMet under Code 
Section 414(b) or Code Section 414(c) may adopt the Plan for the benefit of 
its Employees by written instrument delivered to the Committee before the 
grant to the Affiliates Employees under the Plan of any Award subject to 
Code Section 409A.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this amended and restated Plan has been executed as of 
the Restatement Effective Date.
 
GEOMET, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ J. Darby Seré
Name: 	  	J. Darby Seré
Title: 	  	President and Chief Executive Officer
 
26