 EX-10.1 2 v57295exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1


Stock Option Award Agreement
Pursuant to the Symetra Financial Corporation Equity Plan

          THIS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made, effective as of the [  
] day of ______, 2010, between Symetra Financial Corporation (the Company
) and [  ] (the Participant).

          WHEREAS, pursuant to the Symetra Financial Corporation Equity 
Plan (the Plan), the Participant has been granted, on [ ] (the Grant 
Date), an award of stock options (the Stock Options) to purchase [ ] 
shares of common stock of the Company at a price per share of $[ ] (the 
Exercise Price), vesting in full on [ ] (the Vesting Date), on the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

          WHEREAS, the Stock Options will expire under the conditions 
described in Section 4;

          WHEREAS, in consideration for this award of Stock Options, the 
Participant agrees to accept the restrictions set forth herein;

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of mutual covenants the parties 
hereto agree as follows:

          SECTION 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in 
this Agreement have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.

          SECTION 2. Vesting of Stock Options. On the Vesting Date, the 
rights of the Participant with respect to the Stock Options shall become 
fully vested; provided that the Participant must be employed by the Company 
or an affiliate thereof on the Vesting Date in order for the Participants 
rights with respect to the Stock Options to become vested, except as 
otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion; provided 
further that, in the event of the termination of the Participants 
employment by reason of death or Disability, or if such termination is a 
Termination Without Cause or a Constructive Termination within 12 months 
following a Change in Control, the Stock Options shall immediately become 
fully vested.

          SECTION 3. Exercise of Stock Options. Following the date on which 
the Stock Options vest, the Participant may exercise the Stock Options in 
whole or in part (but for the purchase of whole Shares only) by delivery to 
the Company of (a) a written or electronic notice, complying with the 
applicable procedures established by the Committee or the Company, stating 
the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Options are thereby 
exercised and (b) full payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the 
Shares with respect to which the Stock Options are thereby exercised, in 
accordance with Section 5(a)(iii) of the Plan. The notice shall be signed 
by the Participant or any other person then entitled to exercise the Stock 
Options. Upon exercise and full payment of the Exercise Price for Shares 
with respect to which the Stock Options are thereby exercised,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Company shall deliver to the Participant one Share for each Stock 
Option with respect to which the Participant has exercised and paid.

          SECTION 4. Expiration of Stock Options. Notwithstanding any 
provision of this Agreement, unless the Committee determines otherwise, in 
the case of unexercised Stock Options that have become vested prior to the 
termination of the Participants employment (other than solely by reason of 
a period of Related Employment), such vested Stock Options shall expire on 
the earlier of (a) one year following the termination of the Participants 
employment as a result of death, (b) three years following the termination 
of the Participants employment as a result of Disability, (c) immediately 
upon the termination of the Participants employment for Cause, (d) 90 days 
following the termination of Participants employment for any reason other 
than death, Disability or Cause or (e) the first anniversary of the Vesting 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the expiration date specified in the 
immediately preceding sentence is not a business day, then the Stock 
Options shall expire on the last business day immediately preceding such 
expiration date.

          SECTION 5. Forfeiture of Stock Options. Unless the Committee 
determines otherwise, and except as otherwise provided in Section 2 of this 
Agreement, if the Stock Options awarded to the Participant pursuant to this 
Agreement have not become vested prior to the termination of the 
Participants employment (other than solely by reason of a period of 
Related Employment), the Participants rights with respect to the Stock 
Options shall immediately terminate upon such termination of employment, 
and the Participant will be entitled to no further payments or benefits 
with respect thereto.

          SECTION 6. Successor Requirement. This Agreement shall inure to 
the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and 
assigns.

          SECTION 7. Withholding, Consents and Legends. (a) Withholding. 
The delivery of Shares pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement is 
conditioned on satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in 
accordance with Section 20(d) of the Plan.

          (b) Consents. The Participants rights in respect of the Stock 
Options are conditioned on the receipt to the full satisfaction of the 
Committee of any required consents that the Committee may determine to be 
necessary or advisable (including, without limitation, the Participant 
consenting to the Companys supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of 
the Plan such personal information as the Committee deems advisable to 
administer the Plan).

          (c) Legends. The Company may affix to certificates for Shares 
issued pursuant to this Agreement any legend that the Committee determines 
to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to 
which the Participant may be subject under any applicable securities laws). 
The Company may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any 
legended Shares.

-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          SECTION 8. Non-Transferability. Unless otherwise provided by the 
Committee in its discretion, the Stock Options may not be sold, assigned, 
alienated, transferred, pledged, attached or otherwise encumbered, except 
as provided in Section 20(b) of the Plan. Any purported sale, assignment, 
alienation, transfer, pledge, attachment or other encumbrance of a Stock 
Option in violation of the provisions of this Section 8 and Section 20(b) 
of the Plan shall be void and unenforceable against the Company.

          SECTION 9. Rights of the Participant. None of the Stock Options, 
the execution of this Agreement and the delivery of any Shares with respect 
to the Stock Options shall confer upon the Participant any right to, or 
guarantee of, continued employment by the Company or any of its affiliates, 
or in any way limit the right of the Company or any of its affiliates to 
terminate the employment of the Participant at any time, subject to the 
terms of any written employment or similar agreement between the Company or 
any of its affiliates and the Participant. The Stock Options shall not be 
treated as compensation for purposes of calculating the Participants 
rights under any employee benefit plan, except to the extent expressly 
provided in any such plan.

          SECTION 10. Relation to Plan. The Stock Options hereby granted 
are subject to, and the Company and the Participant agree to be bound by, 
all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, but no such 
amendment shall be effective as to the Stock Options without the 
Participants consent insofar as it may materially and adversely affect the 
Participants rights under this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided 
herein, the Committee shall have sole discretion to determine whether the 
events or conditions described in this Agreement have been satisfied and to 
make all other interpretations, constructions and determinations required 
under this Agreement and all such determinations by the Committee shall be 
final, binding and conclusive. In the event of any conflict between any 
term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of 
the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan shall govern and 
prevail, and the Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly.

          SECTION 11. Designation of Beneficiary by Participant. The 
Participant may, in accordance with Section 18 of the Plan, name a 
beneficiary to receive any payment to which the Participant may be entitled 
in respect of this Agreement in the event of the Participants death, by 
notifying the Company. A Participant may change the beneficiary from time 
to time in the same manner. If the Participant has not designated a 
beneficiary or if no designated beneficiary is living on the date on which 
any amount becomes payable to a Participants beneficiary, that amount 
shall be paid to the Participants estate.

          SECTION 12. Notices. All notices and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered 
personally or when telecopied (with confirmation of transmission received 
by the sender), three business days after being sent by certified mail, 
postage prepaid, return receipt requested or one business day after being 
delivered to a nationally recognized overnight courier with next

-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

day delivery specified to the parties at the following addresses (or at 
such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to the Company, to:

Vice President, Human Resources
Symetra Financial Corporation
777 108th Ave NE Suite 1200
Bellevue, Washington 98004

with a copy to:

General Counsel
Symetra Financial Corporation
777 108th Ave NE Suite 1200
Bellevue, Washington 98004

If to the Participant, to the address on file with the Company or any of 
its affiliates.

Notices (other than notices of exercise under Section 3 that comply with 
the applicable procedures established by the Committee or the Company) sent 
by email or other electronic means not specifically authorized by this 
Agreement shall not be effective for any purpose of this Agreement.

          SECTION 13. Waiver of Breach. The waiver by either party of a 
breach of any provision of this Agreement must be in writing and shall not 
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.

          SECTION 14. Participants Undertaking. The Participant hereby 
agrees to take whatever additional actions and execute whatever additional 
documents the Company may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or 
advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or 
restrictions imposed on the Participant pursuant to the provisions of this 
Agreement.

          SECTION 15. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, 
terminated, suspended or otherwise modified except in a written instrument, 
duly executed by both parties.

          SECTION 16. Professional Advice. The acceptance, vesting and 
exercise of Stock Options under this Agreement and the receipt of Shares 
upon exercise of Stock Options may have consequences under Federal and 
state tax and securities laws that may vary depending upon the individual 
circumstances of the Participant. Accordingly, the Participant acknowledges 
that the Participant has been advised to consult the Participants personal 
legal and tax advisor in connection with this Agreement and the Stock 
Options.

          SECTION 17. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, the laws of New York without regard to 
its conflict of

-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

laws principles, and shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, 
executors, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties 
hereto.

          SECTION 18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two 
or more counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an 
original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one 
agreement.

          SECTION 19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan 
constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersede all prior written or oral negotiations, 
commitments, representations and agreements with respect thereto.

          SECTION 20. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of 
any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provisions of this Agreement, which shall 
remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. The 
Participant agrees that in the event that any court of competent 
jurisdiction shall finally hold that any provision of this Agreement 
(whether in whole or in part) is void or constitutes an unreasonable 
restriction against the Participant, such provision shall not be rendered 
void but shall be deemed to be modified to the minimum extent necessary to 
make such provision enforceable for the longest duration and the greatest 
scope as such court may determine constitutes a reasonable restriction 
under the circumstances.

-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement as of the date(s) first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	SYMETRA FINANCIAL CORPORATION,
  	 
  	by   	   	 
  	  	Christine A. Katzmar Holmes  	 
  	  	Vice President, Human Resources  	 
 
  	PARTICIPANT,
  	 
  	   	   	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
 

-6-