 EX-10.34 6 a2200874zex-10_34.htm EX-10.34
EXHIBIT 10.34
 
FORM OF AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment) made as of 
the      day of November 2010 by and between AEROFLEX INCORPORATED, a 
Delaware corporation (hereinafter the Company) and JOHN ADAMOVICH, JR. 
(hereinafter the Executive and together with the Company, the Parties).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into an Employment Agreement dated November 9, 
2005, as amended in November 21, 2006, December 1, 2006, December 31, 2008 
and September 17, 2009 (the Agreement) under which the Parties agreed 
upon the terms pursuant to which the Executive would provide services to 
the Company as further described therein, and
 
WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Agreement to revise and define the 
term of the Agreement and otherwise comply with Section 409A of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the regulations 
and notices promulgated thereunder.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows, effective as of the 
date hereof:
 
1.             Section 1 of the Employment Agreement shall be deleted and 
replaced in its entirety with the following:
 
        Employment Period.  Subject to Section 3, the Company hereby
        agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to
        be employed by the Company, in accordance with the terms and
        provisions of this Agreement, for the period commencing as of the
        Effective Date and ending at midnight on September 17, 2013.
         
2.             Section 2(b)(ii) of the Employment Agreement is hereby 
amended and restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
        Bonus. For each Fiscal Year ending during the Employment Period,
        the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus of
        between 33 1/3% and 100% of his Base Salary based upon the
        achievement of the Companys EBITDA targets for such Fiscal Year as
        established by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board).
         More particularly, (i) 33 1/3%% of the Executives  Base Salary
        will be awarded to the Executive as a bonus if the Companys EBITDA
        is equal to the minimum EBITDA target established by the Board (the
        Threshold EBITDA); (ii) 66 2/3% of the Executives Base Salary
        will be awarded as a bonus if the Companys EBITDA is equal to the
        FY EBITDA Target
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        established by the Board (the FY EBITDA Target); and (iii) 100%
        of the Executives Base Salary will be awarded to the Executive as
        a bonus if the Companys EBITDA is equal to or greater than the
        maximum EBITDA Target established by the Board (the Maximum
        EBITDA). The Executives bonus shall be determined by linear
        interpolation if the Companys EBITDA is between the Threshold
        EBITDA and the FY EBITDA Target or between the FY EBITDA Target and
        the Maximum EBITDA, as the case may be. If the Board fails to
        establish the Threshold EBITDA or the Maximum EBITDA for any fiscal
        year, such targets shall be presumed to be, respectively,
        $10,000,000 less and $10,000,000 more than the FY EBITDA Target. No
        annual bonus will be paid if the Companys EBITDA is below the
        Threshold EBITDA for any Fiscal Year. The FY EBITDA Target shall be
        equitably adjusted by the Board in the event of any divestiture,
        acquisition or other extraordinary event. Any annual bonus payable
        hereunder shall be paid on or prior to March 15 of the year
        following the year such bonus is earned.
         
3.             Section 2(b)(ix) of the Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
        (ix) Car Allowance.  The Company will provide the Executive with a
        car allowance in the amount of One Thousand ($1,000) per month,
        such amount to be paid monthly in accordance with the normal
        payroll practices of the Company.
         
4.             Section 2(c)(7) of the Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
        (7) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (i) the
        Executive is to receive payments or benefits under this Agreement
        by reason of his separation from service (as such term is defined
        in Section 409A of the Code) other than as a result of his death,
        (ii) the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of
        Code Section 409A for the period in which the payment or benefits
        would otherwise commence, and (iii) such payment or benefit would
        otherwise subject the Executive to any tax, interest or penalty
        imposed under Section 409A of the Code (or any regulation
        promulgated thereunder) if the payment or benefit would commence
        within six months of a termination of the Executives employment,
        then such payment or benefit required under this Agreement shall
        not commence until the first day which is at least six months after
        the termination of the Executives employment.  Such payments or
        benefits, which would have otherwise been required to be made over
        such six month period,
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        shall be paid to the Executive in one lump sum payment or otherwise
        provided to the Executive as soon as administratively feasible
        after the first day which is at least six months after the
        termination of the Executives employment.  Thereafter, the
        payments and benefits shall continue, if applicable, for the
        relevant period set forth in the applicable section of this
        Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, all references to
        termination of employment and other similar language shall be
        deemed to refer to the Executives separation from service as
        defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).
         
5.             Section 4(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
        (a) Without Cause.  If during the Employment Period, the Company
        shall terminate the Executives employment without Cause (other
        than within 24 months after a Change in Control, as defined below),
        the Company shall pay to the Executive or his heirs (1) within ten
        (10) days after the Date of Termination the sum of the Executives
        Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not
        theretofore paid, plus all accrued vacation pay, unreimbursed
        business expenses and other accrued but unpaid compensation
        described in Section 2(b) above (the Accrued Obligations); (2) an
        amount equal to the Executives Base Salary for the one-year period
        immediately following the Date of Termination, payable in such
        installments and at such intervals as is in accordance with the
        Companys normal payroll practices, as if the Executive had
        remained an employee of the Company through the expiration of such
        period; (3) any amount arising from the Executives participation
        in, or benefits under, any Investment Plans (Accrued
        Investments), which amounts shall be payable in accordance with
        the terms and conditions of such Investment Plans; (4) the unpaid
        bonus, if any, applicable for the Fiscal Year in which the Date of
        Termination occurs, prorated to the Date of Termination, but in no
        event less than of 50% of the Bonus to which the Executive
        otherwise would have been entitled for that Fiscal Year pursuant to
        Section 2(b)(ii) had he not been terminated, such bonus, if any,
        shall be paid at the time the company pays bonuses to other senior
        executives of the Company; and (5) the members of the Executives
        family shall be entitled to continue and participate in the
        Companys Welfare Plans for said one-year period.
         
6.             Section 5(c)(iv) of the Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if all or any portion of the
        Severance Benefits or other payments and/or benefits provided under
        this Agreement, and/or any other payments and benefits that the
        Executive receives or is entitled to receive from the Company, its
        subsidiaries or any of its affiliates, constitutes an excess
        parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the
        Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code) (each such
        parachute payment, a Parachute Payment) and will result in the
        imposition on the Executive of an excise tax under Section 4999 of
        the Code, then, the Parachute Payments shall instead be reduced to
        the aggregate amount of Parachute Payments that may be made to the
        Executive without incurring such excise tax, as determined by the
        Companys auditors.  Any such reduction in the preceding sentence
        shall be done first by reducing any cash payments with the last
        payment reduced first; next any equity or equity derivatives that
        are included under Section 280G of the Code at full value rather
        than accelerated value; next any equity or equity derivatives based
        on acceleration value shall be reduced with the highest value
        reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury
        Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24); finally any other non-cash
        benefits will be reduced.
         
7.             Section 5(c)(v) of the Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
 
        (v) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (i) the
        Executive is to receive payments or benefits under this Agreement
        by reason of his separation from service (as such term is defined
        in Section 409A of the Code) other than as a result of his death,
        (ii) the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of
        Code Section 409A for the period in which the payment or benefits
        would otherwise commence, and (iii) such payment or benefit would
        otherwise subject the Executive to any tax, interest or penalty
        imposed under Section 409A of the Code (or any regulation
        promulgated thereunder) if the payment or benefit would commence
        within six months of a termination of the Executives employment,
        then such payment or benefit required under this Agreement shall
        not commence until the first day which is at least six months after
        the termination of the Executives employment.  Such payments or
        benefits, which would have otherwise been required to be made over
        such six month period, shall be paid to the Executive in one lump
        sum payment or otherwise provided to the Executive as soon as
        administratively feasible after the first day which is at least six
        months after the termination of the Executives employment. 
        Thereafter, the
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        payments and benefits shall continue, if applicable, for the
        relevant period set forth in the applicable section of this
        Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, all references to
        termination of employment and other similar language shall be
        deemed to refer to the Executives separation from service as
        defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).
         
8.             Except as specifically provided in and modified by this 
Amendment, the Agreement is in all other respects hereby ratified and 
confirmed and references to the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the 
Agreement as modified by this Amendment.
 
9.             This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
 
AEROFLEX INCORPORATED
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
John Adamovich, Jr.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

