 EX-10.17 2 euro_ex10-17.htm
Share Purchase Agreement
 
between

UNITED EQUITY CAPITAL AG, a Swiss Company at Poststrasse 3, in CH-8001 
Zurich/ZH, Switzerland (Company Number CH-020.3.032.008-3)

(hereafter referred to as the "Seller")

and

EURO SOLAR PARKS, INC., a Nevada Corporation at 2533 N Carson Street, 
Carson City, NV 89706, USA, with offices at 81 Elmwood Avenue, Ho-Ho-Kus, 
NJ 07423, USA (Entity Number E0656182008-4)

(hereafter referred to as the "Purchaser")
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whereas
 
I.
The Seller is the owner of 50 (fifty) equal shares (so called "membership 
units"), fully paid in, with a par value of BGN 100 (one hundred Bulgarian 
Levas) each of FOREIGN SUPPORT AND CONSULTING, LLC, a Bulgarian Single 
Limited Liability Company (Company No. UIC 201166571) located at Pobeda 21A 
Street, in Plovdiv, Bulgaria, (hereafter referred to as "Shares"),

II.
The Purchaser has offered to purchase 50 of the Shares and the Seller has 
accepted to sell same, subject to the following terms and conditions:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. The Seller hereby sells to the Purchaser who accepts the Shares 
representing 100% of the whole equal share capital of FOREIGN SUPPORT AND 
CONSULTING, LLC (hereafter referred to as "Company").

2. The Shares are sold for a total purchase price of US$ 4,500.00 (four 
thousand and five hundred United States Dollars).

3. The Purchaser transfers the purchase price to the bank account, which 
details will be given to the Seller separately, of the Seller whereupon the 
Shares shall be delivered to the notified address of the Purchaser within 
five days since signing this contract.

4. The Seller represents and warrants that:

 
a.
all Shares are being validly issued and fully paid in and the Shares are 
owned by the Seller, with good and valid title thereto and are at the full 
disposal of the Seller. The Purchaser will be able to dispose immediately 
and fully of the Shares acquired from the Seller without any limitation 
whatsoever;

 
b.
the Shares are not subject to any rights or claims from third parties, in 
particular they are free and clear of any restriction on disposal, are free 
and clear of any mortgage, security, pledge, lien, claim, charge, 
subscription, options, warrants, conversion rights and other encumbrance of 
any kind;
 
 
 
 
 

 
Share Purchase Agreement FOREIGN SUPPORT AND CONSULTING, LLC
 
Page 1of 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
c.
he Company has always being carrying business according to the law and to 
its articles of incorporation;

 
d.
here is no legal action or other procedure, judicial, arbitral or 
administrative action, suit, proceeding or investigation now pending or 
threatened before any court, arbitral tribunal or administrative authority 
against the Company or its properties or business;

 
e.
here is no obligation or liability (based in contract or tort) of the 
Company which is not stated in the statement of the accounts, nor which has 
been fully settled as of the date of execution;

 
f.
he financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles and accurately and completely 
reflect the financial condition of the Company. Since then there has been 
no adverse material change of the business, assets, liabilities and the 
financial condition of the Company from that shown by such financial 
statements. The Seller assumes no liability for possible tax audits and 
possible involved tax adjustments;

 
g.
he Company has in the past fully satisfied all obligations to governmental 
authorities, including and tax liabilities;

 
h.
either this Agreement nor any document or statement furnished or made by 
the Seller to the Purchasers in connection with this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby contains an untrue statement of a material 
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements contained herein or therein not misleading. The Seller has 
disclosed to the Purchasers all material financial, legal and other 
information on the business and operations of the Company;

5. The transfer of risk and use with regard of the assignment of the Shares 
is at the risk of the Purchaser.

6. Further warranties of the Seller are excluded; except no material 
adverse changes up to completion date.

7. The parties and the Company shall observe strict confidentiality of the 
contents of this Agreement towards third parties to the extent that they 
are not legally obliged to disclosure or the respective other party has not 
given its express consent to such disclosure.

8. This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by Swiss law.

This agreement is prepared in two originals, duly signed and one original 
given to each party.

(Place, date)
(Place, date)
Zurich, 10-25-2010
Ho-Ho-Kus, 10-25-10
  	 
Seller
Purchaser
UNITED EQUITY CAPITAL AG
EURO SOLAR PARKS, INC.
  	 
/s/                                              
/s/ Dimitrios Argryos
Managing Director
President/ CEO

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Share Purchase Agreement FOREIGN SUPPORT AND CONSULTING, LLC
 
Page 2of 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

