 EX-10.42 14 a2200874zex-10_42.htm EX-10.42
Exhibit 10.42
 
FIRST AMENDMENT
TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT
 
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is 
dated as of November 4, 2010 and is entered into by and among AEROFLEX 
INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), AEROFLEX HOLDING 
CORP. (f/k/a AX Holding Corp.), a Delaware corporation (Holdings), 
GOLDMAN SACHS CREDIT PARTNERS L.P. (GSCP), as Administrative Agent (
Administrative Agent), acting with the consent of the Requisite Lenders 
and, for purposes of Section III hereof, the GUARANTORS listed on the 
signature papers hereto, and is made with reference to that certain CREDIT 
AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT dated as of August 15, 2007 (as amended through the 
date hereof, the Credit Agreement) by and among the Borrower, Holdings, 
the subsidiaries of the Borrower named therein, the Lenders, the 
Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and the other Agents named therein.  
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same 
meanings herein as set forth in the Credit Agreement after giving effect to 
this Amendment.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested that Requisite Lenders agree to 
amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as provided for herein; 
and
 
WHEREAS, subject to certain conditions, Requisite Lenders are willing to 
agree to such amendment relating to the Credit Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, 
provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:
 
    SECTION I.     AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT
     
    1.1                               Amendments.
     
A.     Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following definitions in proper alphabetical sequence:
 
    Existing Class shall mean Existing Term Loan Classes and each Class
    of Existing Revolving Commitments.
     
    Existing Revolving Commitments shall have the meaning provided in
    Section 2.25(a)(ii).
     
    Existing Revolving Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.25(a)(ii).
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Existing Term Loan Class shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.25(a)(i).
 
    Extended B-1 Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.16(i).
     
    Extended B-2 Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.16(i).
     
    Extended Loans/Commitments shall mean Extended Term Loans, Extended
    Revolving Loans and/or Extended Revolving Commitments.
     
    Extended Revolving Commitments shall have the meaning provided in
    Section 2.25(a)(ii).
     
    Extended Revolving Commitment Period shall have the meaning provided
    in Section 2.2(a).
     
    Extended Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender as of
    any date of determination, (i) prior to the termination of an Extension
    Series of Extended Revolving Commitments, that Lenders Extended
    Revolving Commitment under such Extension Series; and (ii) after the
    termination of such Extension Series of Extended Revolving Commitments,
    the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such
    Extension Series of Extended Revolving Loans of that Lender, (b) in the
    case of Issuing Bank, the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage in respect
    of all Letters of Credit issued by that Lender (net of any
    participations by Lenders in such Letters of Credit), (c) the aggregate
    amount of all participations by that Lender in any outstanding Letters
    of Credit or any unreimbursed drawing under any Letter of Credit, (d)
    in the case of Swing Line Lender, the aggregate outstanding principal
    amount of all Swing Line Loans (net of any participations therein by
    other Lenders), and (e) the aggregate amount of all participations
    therein by that Lender in any outstanding Swing Line Loans, in each
    case, to the extent issued under such Extension Series of Extended
    Revolving Loans.
     
    Extended Revolving Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.25(a)(ii).
     
    Extended Term Loan Maturity Date means the final maturity date as
    specified in the applicable Extension Agreement executed by the
    respective Lender.
     
    Extended Term Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.25(a)(i).
     
    Extending B-1 Lenders shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.16(i).
     
    Extending B-2 Lenders shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.16(i).
     
    Extending Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.25(b).
     
    Extending Revolving Lender means an Extending Lender with an Extended
    Revolving Commitment or Extended Revolving Loans.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Extension Agreement shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.25(c).
     
    Extension Election shall have the meaning provided in Section
    2.25(b).
     
    Extension Request shall mean Term Loan Extension Requests and
    Revolving Loan Extension Requests.
     
    Extension Series shall mean all Extended Term Loans that are
    established pursuant to the same Extension Agreement and all Extended
    Revolving Commitments that are established pursuant to the same
    Extension Agreement (or any subsequent Extension Agreement to the
    extent such Extension Agreement expressly provides that the Extended
    Term Loans or Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable, provided
    for therein are intended to be a part of any previously established
    Extension Series) and that provide for the same interest margins,
    extension fees, if any, and amortization schedule.
     
    First Amendment means that certain First Amendment Agreement to
    Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of November 4, 2010 among the
    Borrower, Holdings, Administrative Agent, and the financial
    institutions and Guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto.
     
    First Amendment Effective Date means the date of satisfaction of the
    conditions referred to in Section II of the First Amendment.
     
    Original Revolving Commitment means a Revolving Commitment that
    terminates on the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date (or, if
    earlier, the dates specified in clause (ii) and (iii) of the definition
    of Original Revolving Commitment Termination Date).
     
    Original Revolving Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to
    occur of (i) the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date
    the Revolving Commitments are permanently reduced to zero pursuant to
    Section 2.13(b) or 2.14, and (iii) the date of the termination of the
    Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 8.1.
     
    Original Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan made by a Lender or a
    Lenders predecessor in interest to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2(a)
    and/or Section 2.24 that is due and payable in full on the sixth
    anniversary of the Closing Date (or, if earlier, the dates specified in
    clause (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Original Revolving
    Commitment Termination Date).
     
    Original Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of
    any date of determination that holds an Original Revolving Commitment,
    (i) prior to the termination of the Original Revolving Commitments,
    that Lenders Original Revolving Commitment; and (ii) after the
    termination of the Original Revolving Commitments, the sum of (a) the
    aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans of that
    Lender, (b) in the case of Issuing Bank, the aggregate Letter of Credit
    Usage in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by that Lender (net of
    any participations by Lenders in such Letters of Credit), (c) the
    aggregate amount of all participations by that Lender in any
    outstanding Letters of Credit or any unreimbursed drawing under any
    Letter of Credit, (d)
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    in the case of Swing Line Lender, the aggregate outstanding principal
    amount of all Swing Line Loans (net of any participations therein by
    other Lenders), and (e) the aggregate amount of all participations
    therein by that Lender in any outstanding Swing Line Loans, in each
    case, to the extent issued under such Original Revolving Commitments.
     
    Revolving Loan Extension Request shall have the meaning provided in
    Section 2.25(a)(ii).
     
    Section 2.25 Additional Agreement shall have the meaning provided in
    Section 2.25(c).
     
    Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class shall have the meaning
    provided in Section 2.25(a)(ii).
     
    Term Loan Extension Request shall have the meaning provided in
    Section 2.25(a)(i).
     
    Tranche B Term Loans means, collectively, the Tranche B-1 Term Loans
    and the Tranche B-2 Term Loans.
     
B.     Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending 
and restating the following definitions in their entirety as follows:
 
Class means (i) with respect to Lenders, each of the following classes of 
Lenders: (a) Lenders having Tranche B-1 Term Loan Exposure, (b) Lenders 
having Tranche B-2 Term Loan Exposure, (c) Lenders having Original 
Revolving Exposure (including Swing Line Lender), (d) Lenders having New 
Term Loan Exposure of each applicable Series, (e) Lenders having Term Loan 
Exposure of each Extension Series of Extended Term Loans and (f) Lenders 
having Extended Revolving Exposure of each Extended Series of Extended 
Revolving Loans, and (ii) with respect to Loans, each of the following 
classes of Loans: (a) Tranche B-1 Term Loans, (b) Tranche B-2 Term Loans, 
(c) Original Revolving Loans (including Swing Line Loans), (d) each Series 
of New Term Loans, (e) each Extension Series of Extended Term Loans and (f) 
each Extension Series of Extended Revolving Loans.
 
Credit Document means any of this Agreement, the Notes, if any, the 
Collateral Documents, any Extension Agreements, the Commitment Letter, any 
documents or certificates executed by Borrower in favor of Issuing Bank 
relating to Letters of Credit, and all other documents, instruments or 
agreements executed and delivered by a Credit Party for the benefit of any 
Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender in connection herewith.
 
Loan means a Term Loan, a Revolving Loan, a Swing Line Loan, a New Term 
Loan, any Extension Series of an Extended Term Loan and any Extension 
Series of an Extended Revolving Loan.
 
Maturity Date means the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date, the New Term 
Loan Maturity Date of any Series of New Term Loans and the Extended Term 
Loan Maturity Date of any Extension Series of Extended Term Loans, as 
applicable.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Revolving Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or 
otherwise fund any Revolving Loan and to acquire participations in Letters 
of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder and Revolving Commitments means 
such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate.   The amount of each 
Lenders Revolving Commitment, if any, is set forth on Appendix A-2 or in 
the applicable Assignment Agreement, Joinder Agreement or Extension 
Election, as applicable, subject to any adjustment or reduction pursuant to 
the terms and conditions hereof.  The aggregate amount of the Revolving 
Commitments as of the First Amendment Effective Date is $50,000,000.
 
Revolving Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) 
the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date the Revolving 
Commitments are permanently reduced to zero pursuant to Section 2.13(b) or 
2.14, and (iii) the date of the termination of the Revolving Commitments 
pursuant to Section 8.1; provided that, for any Extended Revolving 
Commitments (including Swing Line Loans) of the same Extension Series, the 
Revolving Commitment Termination Date of each Extension Series of Extended 
Revolving Commitments shall be determined based on the respective 
commitment termination dates applicable thereto as specified in the 
applicable Extension Agreement executed by the respective Lender (or, if 
earlier, the dates specified in clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this 
definition, as applicable).
 
Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender as of any date of 
determination, (i) prior to the termination of the Existing Revolving 
Commitments, that Lenders Existing Revolving Commitment; plus, to the 
extent applicable, prior to the termination of any Extension Series of 
Extended Revolving Commitments, that Lenders Extension Series of such 
Extended Revolving Commitment; and (ii) after the termination of the 
Existing Revolving Commitments or any Extension Series of Revolving 
Commitments, as applicable, the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Revolving Loans of that Lender, (b) in the case of 
Issuing Bank, the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage in respect of all 
Letters of Credit issued by that Lender (net of any participations by 
Lenders in such Letters of Credit), (c) the aggregate amount of all 
participations by that Lender in any outstanding Letters of Credit or any 
unreimbursed drawing under any Letter of Credit, (d) in the case of Swing 
Line Lender, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Swing Line 
Loans (net of any participations therein by other Lenders), and (e) the 
aggregate amount of all participations therein by that Lender in any 
outstanding Swing Line Loans.  For purposes of determining Pro Rata Shares 
with respect to any Original Revolving Loans or Extended Revolving Loans, 
to the extent applicable, Revolving Exposure shall mean, with respect to 
any Lender, as of any date of determination, the Original Revolving 
Exposure or applicable Extended Revolving Exposure, as the case may be, of 
such Lender.
 
Revolving Loan means a Loan made by a Lender to Borrower pursuant to 
Section 2.2(a) and/or Section 2.24, including any such Loan extended by a 
Lender, or made pursuant to a Revolving Commitment extended by a Lender, 
pursuant to Section 2.25.
 
Term Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of any date of 
determination, the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans, New Term 
Loans and Extended Term Loans of such Lender; provided, at any time prior 
to the making of a Term Loan, the Term Loan Exposure of any Lender shall be 
equal to such Lenders Term Loan Commitment.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Term Loan means a term loan made by a Lender to Borrower pursuant to 
Section 2.1(a)(i) or (a)(ii), a New Term Loan made by a Lender to a 
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.24 or an Extended Term Loan extended 
pursuant to Section 2.25.
 
Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) the seven-year 
anniversary of the Closing Date, and (ii) the date that all Tranche B Term 
Loans shall become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by 
acceleration or otherwise.
 
C.     Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending 
the definition of Applicable Margin by inserting the following new 
paragraph immediately at the end thereof:
 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the First Amendment
    Effective Date, the Applicable Margin with respect to the Loans, as
    determined pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph, shall mean
    a percentage, per annum, determined by reference to the ratings issued
    by Moodys and S&P with respect to the Obligations in effect from time
    to time as set forth in the chart below:
     
Moodys / S&P Rating
 
Applicable Margin for
Tranche B-1 Term
Loans
 
Applicable Margin for
Tranche B-2 Term
Loans
 
Applicable Margin for
Revolving Loans
 
 B1 / B+ rating or better
 
3.75
%
4.25
%
3.75
%
B2 / B rating or better but less than B1 / B+ rating
 
4.00
%
4.50
%
4.00
%
 Less than B2 / B rating
 
4.25
%
4.75
%
4.25
%
     
    For purposes of this paragraph, if there is a difference between the
    Moodys and S&P rating, the lower rating shall be used to determine the
    applicable increase percentage.
     
D.     The second to last sentence of Section 2.1(a) of the Credit 
Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety as follows:
 
    Subject to Sections 2.13(a) and 2.14, all amounts owed hereunder with
    respect to the Tranche B Term Loans shall be paid in full no later than
    the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date.
     
E.     Section 2.1(b)(ii) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing each occurrence of the defined term Term Loan therein with the 
defined term Tranche B Term Loan.
 
F.     Section 2.2(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:
 
    (a) Revolving Commitments. During the Revolving Commitment Period,
    subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally
    agrees to make Existing Revolving Loans to Borrower in an aggregate
    amount up to but not exceeding such Lenders Existing Revolving
    Commitment and during the period from the date any
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    Extended Revolving Commitments are established, until the Revolving
    Commitment Termination Date with respect to such Extension Series of
    Revolving Commitments (the Extended Revolving Commitment Period),
    subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally
    agrees to make Extended Revolving Loans to Borrower in an aggregate
    amount up to but not exceeding such Lenders Extended Revolving
    Commitment for such Extension Series of Extended Revolving Loans; 
    provided, that after giving effect to the making of any Revolving Loans
    in no event shall the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments exceed
    the Revolving Commitments then in effect. Amounts borrowed pursuant to
    this Section 2.2(a) may be repaid and reborrowed during the Revolving
    Commitment Period and the Extended Revolving Commitment Period, as
    applicable.  Each Lenders Revolving Commitment shall expire on the
    applicable Revolving Commitment Termination Date and all Revolving
    Loans and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect to the
    Revolving Loans and the Revolving Commitments shall be paid in full no
    later than such date (it being understood that in the event any
    Extended Revolving Commitments are established, such Extended Revolving
    Commitments shall, subject to Section 2.25, be terminated (and all
    Extended Revolving Loans of the same Extension Series repaid) on dates
    set forth in the applicable Extension Agreement).
     
G.     The last paragraph of Section 2.12(b) of the Credit Agreement is 
hereby replaced in its entirety as follows:
 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) such Installments shall be reduced
    in connection with any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of the Term
    Loans, as the case may be, in accordance with Sections 2.13, 2.14 and
    2.15, as applicable; and (y) the Tranche B Term Loans, together with
    all other amounts owed hereunder with respect thereto, shall, in any
    event, be paid in full no later than the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity
    Date.
     
H.     The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new 
clause (c) to Section 2.12 immediately at the end thereof:
 
    (c)         In the event that any Extended Term Loans are established,
    such Extended Term Loans shall, subject to the requirements of Section
    2.25, be repaid by the Borrower in the amounts and on the dates set
    forth in the applicable Extension Agreement.
     
I.     Section 2.13(b)(ii) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
adding the following proviso immediately at the end thereof:
 
    ; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the
    establishment on any date of any Extended Revolving Commitments
    pursuant to Section 2.25, the Revolving Commitments of any one or more
    Lenders providing any such Extended Revolving Commitments on such date
    shall be reduced in an amount equal to the amount of Revolving
    Commitments so extended on such date (provided that (x) after giving
    effect to any such reduction and to the repayment of any Revolving
    Loans made on such date, the Revolving Exposure of any such Lender does
    not exceed the Revolving Commitment thereof (such Revolving Exposure
    and Revolving Commitment being
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    determined in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, exclusive of such
    Lenders Extended Revolving Commitment and any exposure in respect
    thereof) and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, any such repayment of
    Revolving Loans contemplated by the preceding clause shall be made in
    compliance with the requirements of Section 2.17 with respect to the
    ratable allocation of payments hereunder, with such allocation being
    determined after giving effect to any exchange pursuant to Section 2.25
    of Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans into Extended Revolving
    Commitments and Extended Revolving Loans, respectively, and prior to
    any reduction being made to the Revolving Commitment of any other
    Lender).
     
J.     Section 2.15(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing clauses second and third in their entirety as follows:
 
    second, subject to Section 2.15(f), to repay outstanding Revolving
    Loans to the full extent thereof without reduction of Commitments; and
     
    third, subject to Section 2.15(e), to prepay the Term Loans on a pro
    rata basis (in accordance with the respective outstanding principal
    amounts thereof); and further applied on a pro rata basis to reduce the
    scheduled remaining Installments of principal of the Term Loans.
     
K.     Section 2.15(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing clause first in its entirety as follows:
 
    first, subject to Section 2.15(e), to prepay the Term Loans on a pro
    rata basis (in accordance with the respective outstanding principal
    amounts thereof); and further applied on a pro rata basis to the
    remaining scheduled Installments of principal of the Term Loans as
    follows:  first, to the next eight scheduled Installments in direct
    order and second, pro rata to any remaining Installments;
     
L.     Section 2.15(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing clause third in its entirety as follows:
 
    third, subject to Section 2.15(f), to prepay the Revolving Loans to
    the full extent thereof without reduction of Commitments; and
     
M.     The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new 
clauses (e) and (f) to Section 2.15 immediately at the end thereof:
 
    (e)         Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with
    respect to each prepayment of Term Loans required by Section 2.14, (i)
    no such prepayments shall be allocated to Extended Term Loans of any
    Extension Series, unless such prepayment is accompanied by at least a
    pro rata prepayment, based upon the applicable remaining repayment
    amounts due in respect thereof, of Term Loans of the Existing Term Loan
    Class, if any, from which such Extended Term Loans were exchanged (or
    such Term Loans of the Existing Term Loan Class have otherwise been
    repaid in full) and (ii) no such prepayment shall be allocated to any
    Class of Term Loans unless such prepayment
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    is accompanied by a pro rata repayment, based upon the applicable
    remaining repayment amounts due in respect thereof, of Term Loans of
    the Existing Term Loan Class, if any, from which such Class of Term
    Loans was exchanged and Extended Term Loans, if any, that were
    originally exchanged from such Class of Term Loans.
     
    (f)            Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with
    respect to any reduction and termination of Revolving Commitments
    hereunder, (x) any such reduction and termination shall apply
    proportionately and permanently to reduce the Revolving Commitments of
    each of the Lenders within any Class, (y) no such reduction and
    termination of Extended Revolving Commitments (and prepayment of
    Extended Revolving Loans accompanying a corresponding permanent
    reduction in such Extended Revolving Commitments) shall be permitted
    unless the Existing Revolving Commitments of the Specified Existing
    Revolving Commitment Class (and Existing Revolving Loans related to
    such Revolving Commitments) shall have been reduced and repaid
    proportionately, and (z) after giving effect to such termination or
    reduction and to any prepayments of Loans or cancellation or cash
    collateralization of letters of credit made on the date of each such
    reduction and termination in accordance with this Agreement, the
    aggregate amount of such Lenders credit exposures shall not exceed the
    remaining Revolving Commitments of such Lenders in respect of the
    Class reduced and terminated.
     
N.     Section 2.16(h) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing clauses (ii) and (iii) in their entirety as follows:
 
    (ii)         second, to the Tranche B-1 Term Loan Lenders, New B-1
    Lenders, Extended B-1 Lenders, Revolving Lenders, New Revolving Loan
    Lenders and Extended Revolving Lenders, an amount equal to all
    Obligations owing to them in respect of the Tranche B-1 Term Loans, New
    B-1 Loans, Extended B-1 Loans, Revolving Loans, New Revolving Loans and
    Extended Revolving Loans, as applicable, on a pro rata basis, on the
    date of any distribution, other than any amounts in respect of
    post-petition interest in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding
    (and, if there shall be a shortfall in the amount available pursuant to
    this clause to pay all amounts due under this clause, on a pro rata
    basis taking into account all amounts due under this clause (including
    on account of principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise, as
    applicable));
     
    (iii)          third, to the Secured Parties, an amount equal to all
    remaining Obligations owing to them on the date of any distribution,
    including any amounts in respect of post-petition interest in any
    Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding (including such amounts owed to
    the Tranche B-1 Term Loan Lenders, New B-1 Lenders and Extended B-1
    Lenders) (and, if there shall be a shortfall in the amount available
    pursuant to this clause to pay all amounts due under this clause, on a
    pro rata basis taking into account all amounts due under this clause
    (including on account of principal, interest, fees, expenses or
    otherwise, as applicable)); and
     
O.     Section 2.16(i) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    (i)          Each Tranche B-2 Term Loan Lender, each New Term Loan
    Lender holding New Term Loans that were identified by the Borrower to
    be identical (except as contemplated by Section 2.24 with respect to
    interest rates, amortization and maturity) to Tranche B-2 Term Loans (
    New B-2 Loans and the lenders thereof, New B-2 Lenders) and each
    Extending Term Lender holding Extended Term Loans that were extended
    from Tranche B-2 Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.25 (Extended B-2
    Loans and the lenders thereof, Extending B-2 Lenders) hereby agrees
    to turn over to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Tranche B-1
    Term Loan Lenders, New Term Loan Lenders holding New Term Loans that
    were identified by the Borrower to be identical (except as contemplated
    by Section 2.24 with respect to interest rates, amortization and
    maturity) to Tranche B-1 Term Loans (New B-1 Loans and the lenders
    thereof, New B-1 Lenders) and each Extending Term Lender holding
    Extended Term Loans that were extended from Tranche B-1 Term Loans
    pursuant to Section 2.25 (Extended B-1 Loans and the lenders thereof,
    Extending B-1 Lenders), amounts otherwise received or receivable by
    them to the extent necessary to effectuate the priority of payments set
    forth in Section 2.16(h), even if such turnover has the effect of
    reducing the claim or recovery of the Tranche B-2 Term Loan Lenders,
    the New B-2 Lenders and the Extended B-2 Lenders.  If any Lender, Agent
    or other Secured Party collects or receives any payment, proceeds of
    Collateral, distribution (including distributions in any Insolvency or
    Liquidation Proceeding pursuant to a plan or otherwise) or any other
    amount or property on account of any Obligation at any time when
    Section 2.16(h) requires that such payment, proceeds, distribution,
    amount or property be distributed pursuant to the provisions thereof to
    any other Secured Parties, then such Agent, Lender or other Secured
    Party shall hold the same in trust for such other Secured Parties and
    shall forthwith deliver the same to the Administrative Agent for
    distribution to such other Secured Parties in accordance with Section
    2.16(h).
     
P.     The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new 
Section 2.25 immediately after the existing text of Section 2.24:
 
2.25       Extensions of Loans and Commitments.
 
    (a)           (i) The Borrower may at any time and from time to time
    request that all or a portion of each Term Loan of any Class (an 
    Existing Term Loan Class) be converted to extend the scheduled final
    maturity date thereof (any such Term Loans which have been so extended,
    Extended Term Loans) and to provide for other terms consistent with
    this Section 2.25.  Prior to entering into any Extension Agreement with
    respect to any Extended Term Loans, the Borrower shall provide written
    notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such
    notice to each of the Lenders of the applicable Existing Term Loan
    Class) in substantially the form of Exhibit N or such other form as
    approved from time to time by Borrower and the Administrative Agent
    (each, a Term Loan Extension Request) setting forth the proposed
    terms of the Extended Term Loans, which terms shall be identical to the
    Term Loans of the Existing Term Loan Class from which they are to be
    extended except that (x) the scheduled final maturity date shall be
    extended and all or any of the scheduled amortization payments of all
    or a portion of any principal amount of such Extended Term Loans may be
    delayed to later dates than the scheduled amortization of principal of
    the Term Loans of such
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    Existing Term Loan Class (with any such delay resulting in a
    corresponding adjustment to the scheduled amortization payments
    reflected in Section 2.12 or in the Joinder Agreement with respect to
    New Term Loans, as the case may be, with respect to the Existing Term
    Loan Class of Term Loans from which such Extended Term Loans were
    extended, in each case as more particularly set forth in Section
    2.25(c) below), (y) all-in pricing (including, without limitation,
    margins, fees and premiums) with respect to the Extended Term Loans may
    be higher or lower than the all-in pricing (including, without
    limitation, margins, fees and premiums) for the Term Loans of such
    Existing Term Loan Class, in each case, to the extent provided in the
    applicable Extension Agreement and (z) the voluntary and mandatory
    prepayment rights of the Extended Term Loans shall be subject to the
    provisions set forth in Section 2.15. No Lender shall have any
    obligation to agree to have any of its Term Loans of any Existing Term
    Loan Class converted into Extended Term Loans pursuant to any Term Loan
    Extension Request.  Any Extended Term Loans of any Extension Series
    shall constitute a separate Class of Term Loans from the Existing Term
    Loan Class of Term Loans from which they were extended; provided that
    in no event shall there be more than four Classes of Extended Revolving
    Commitments and Extended Term Loans in the aggregate at any one time.
     
    (ii)           The Borrower may at any time and from time to time
    request that all or a portion of the Revolving Commitments (and, in
    each case, including any previously extended Revolving Commitments)
    existing at the time of such request (each, an Existing Revolving
    Commitment and any related revolving loans under any such facility, 
    Existing Revolving Loans) be converted to extend the termination date
    thereof and the scheduled maturity date(s) of any payment of principal
    with respect to all or a portion of any principal amount of Existing
    Revolving Loans related to such Existing Revolving Commitments (any
    such Existing Revolving Commitments which have been so extended, 
    Extended Revolving Commitments and any related revolving loans, 
    Extended Revolving Loans) and to provide for other terms consistent
    with this Section 2.25.  Prior to entering into any Extension Agreement
    with respect to any Extended Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall
    provide a notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy
    of such notice to each of the Lenders of the applicable Class of
    Existing Revolving Commitments) in substantially the form of Exhibit O
    or such other form as approved from time to time by Borrower and the
    Administrative Agent (each, a Revolving Loan Extension Request)
    setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Revolving Commitments,
    which terms shall be identical to those applicable to the Existing
    Revolving Commitments from which they are to be extended (the 
    Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class) except (x) all or any
    of the final termination dates of such Extended Revolving Commitments
    and maturity dates of outstanding Extended Revolving Loans may be
    delayed to later dates than the final termination dates of the Existing
    Revolving Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment
    Class, (y) the all-in pricing (including, without limitation, margins,
    fees and premiums) with respect to the Extended Revolving Commitments
    may be higher or lower than the all-in pricing (including, without
    limitation, margins, fees and premiums) for the Existing Revolving
    Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class and
    (z) the commitment fee rate with respect to the Extended Revolving
    Commitments may be higher or lower than the commitment fee rate for
    Existing
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    Revolving Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving Commitment,
    in each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension
    Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
    this Section 2.25 or otherwise, (1) the borrowing and repayment (other
    than in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of
    commitments) of the Extended Revolving Loans under any Extended
    Revolving Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with any
    borrowings and repayments of the Existing Revolving Loans (the
    mechanics for which may be implemented through the applicable Extension
    Agreement and may include technical changes related to the borrowing
    and repayment procedures of the Revolving Loans), (2) assignments and
    participations of Extended Revolving Commitments and Extended Revolving
    Loans shall be governed by the assignment and participation provisions
    set forth in Section 10.6 and (3) no termination of Extended Revolving
    Commitments and no repayment of Extended Revolving Loans accompanied by
    a corresponding permanent reduction in Extended Revolving Commitments
    shall be permitted unless such termination or repayment (and
    corresponding reduction) is accompanied by at least a pro rata
    termination or permanent repayment (and corresponding pro rata
    permanent reduction), as applicable, of the Existing Revolving Loans
    and Existing Revolving Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving
    Commitment Class (or all Existing Revolving Commitments of such Class
    and related Existing Revolving Loans shall have otherwise been
    terminated and repaid in full).  No Lender shall have any obligation to
    agree to have any of its Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans
    converted into Extended Revolving Commitments or Extended Revolving
    Loans, as applicable, pursuant to any Revolving Loan Extension Request.
     Any Extended Revolving Commitments of any Extension Series shall
    constitute a separate Class of revolving credit commitments from
    Existing Revolving Commitments of the Specified Existing Revolving
    Commitment Class and from any other Existing Revolving Commitments
    (together with any other Extended Revolving Commitments so established
    on such date); provided that in no event shall there be more than four
    Classes of Extended Revolving Commitments and Extended Term Loans in
    the aggregate at any one time.
     
    (b)           The Borrower shall provide the applicable Extension
    Request at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date on which
    Lenders under the Existing Class are requested to respond. Any Lender
    (an Extending Lender) wishing to have all or a portion of its Term
    Loans and/or Revolving Commitments (or any earlier extended Extended
    Revolving Commitments) of an Existing Class subject to such Extension
    Request converted into Extended Loans/Commitments shall notify the
    Administrative Agent (such notice to be in substantially the form of
    Exhibit P or such other form as approved from time to time by Borrower
    and the Administrative Agent) (each, an Extension Election) on or
    prior to the date specified in such Extension Request of the amount of
    its Term Loans and/or Revolving Commitments (and/or any earlier
    extended Extended Revolving Commitments) which it has elected to
    convert into Extended Loans/Commitments.  In the event that the
    aggregate amount of Term Loans and/or Revolving Commitments subject to
    Extension Elections exceeds the amount of Extended Loans/Commitments
    requested pursuant to the Extension Request, Term Loans and/or
    Revolving Commitments (and any earlier extended Extended Revolving
    Commitments) subject to Extension Elections shall be converted to
    Extended Loans/Commitments on a
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    pro rata basis based on the amount of Term Loans and/or Revolving
    Commitments (and any earlier extended Extended Revolving Commitments)
    included in each such Extension Election.  Notwithstanding the
    conversion of any Existing Revolving Commitment into an Extended
    Revolving Commitment, such Extended Revolving Commitment shall be
    treated identically to all Existing Revolving Commitments of the
    Specified Existing Revolving Commitment Class for purposes of the
    obligations of a Revolving Lender in respect of Swing Line Loans under
    Section 2.3 and Letters of Credit under Section 2.4, except that the
    applicable Extension Agreement may provide that the Revolving
    Commitment Termination Date with respect to such Swing Line Lender
    and/or the last day for issuing Letters of Credit may be extended and
    the related obligations to make Swing Line Loans and issue Letters of
    Credit may be continued (pursuant to mechanics set forth in the
    applicable Extension Agreement) so long as the Swing Line Lender and/or
    the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, have consented to such
    extensions (it being understood that no consent of any other Lender
    shall be required in connection with any such extension).
     
    (c)           Extended Loans/Commitments shall be established pursuant
    to a supplement (which shall set forth the effective date of such
    extension) to the First Amendment (which, except to the extent
    expressly contemplated by the penultimate sentence of this Section
    2.25(c) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in
    Section 10.5, shall not require the consent of any Lender other than
    the Extending Lenders with respect to the Extended Loans/Commitments
    established thereby) in substantially the form of Exhibit Q or such
    other form as approved from time to time by the Borrower and the
    Administrative Agent (each, an Extension Agreement) executed by the
    Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Extending Lenders. 
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.25 and
    without limiting the generality or applicability of Section 10.5 to any
    Section 2.25 Additional Agreements, any Extension Agreement may provide
    for additional terms other than those referred to or contemplated above
    (each, a Section 2.25 Additional Agreement) to this Agreement and the
    other Credit Documents; provided that no such Section 2.25 Additional
    Agreement shall become effective prior to the time that such Section
    2.25 Additional Agreement has been consented to by such of the Lenders,
    Credit Parties and other parties (if any) as would be required
    (including, without limitation, under the requirements of Section 10.5)
    if such Section 2.25 Additional Agreement were a separate and
    independent amendment of the Credit Agreement.  It is understood and
    agreed that each Lender that has consented to the First Amendment has
    consented, and shall at the effective time thereof be deemed to consent
    to each supplement to the First Amendment and the other Credit
    Documents authorized by this Section 2.25 and the arrangements
    described above in connection therewith except that the foregoing shall
    not constitute a consent on behalf of any Lender to the terms of any
    Section 2.25 Additional Agreement.  In connection with any Extension
    Agreement, the Borrower shall deliver an opinion of counsel reasonably
    acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to any matters reasonably
    requested by the Administrative Agent.
     
    (d)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
    this Agreement (including Section 2.25 or Section 10.5), the Lenders
    hereby irrevocably authorize the
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to enter into technical
    (in the view of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as
    applicable) amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents
    with the applicable Credit Parties as may be necessary in order to
    effectuate the transactions contemplated in this Section 2.25.  All
    such amendments entered into with the applicable Credit Parties by the
    applicable Agent hereunder shall be binding and conclusive on all
    Lenders.  The Administrative Agent shall have the right, but not the
    obligation, to consult with the Requisite Lenders with respect to any
    matter contemplated in this Section 2.25.
     
    (e)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the
    Credit Agreement, any Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving
    Commitments (and related Extended Revolving Loans), as applicable, the
    terms of which are identical to other Extended Term Loans or Extended
    Revolving Commitments (and related Extended Revolving Loans) shall
    constitute one Class of Loans or Commitments (and related Loans), as
    applicable.
     
Q.     Section 5.1(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (b)         Quarterly Financial Statements.  As soon as available, and
    in any event within 50 days after the end of each of the first three
    Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter
    in which the Closing Date occurs, the consolidated balance sheets of
    Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and
    the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of
    Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and for the
    period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of
    such Fiscal Quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the
    corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous
    Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and together with a Narrative
    Report (it being understood that the Form 10-Q filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission shall be acceptable) and, only to
    the extent any such financial statements are not required to be filed
    by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any securities exchange or
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental or
    private regulatory authority, a Financial Officer Certification, with
    respect thereto;
     
R.     Section 5.1(i) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (i)          Financial Plan.  As soon as practicable and in any event
    no later than 60 days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year, a
    consolidated financial forecast for such Fiscal Year (or portion
    thereof) (a Financial Plan), including (i) a forecasted consolidated
    balance sheet and forecasted consolidated statements of income and cash
    flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each such Fiscal Year,
    including the calculation of each of the covenants set forth in Section
    6.7, for each such Fiscal Year and an explanation of the assumptions on
    which such forecasts are based, and (ii) forecasted consolidated
    statements of income and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries
    for each Fiscal Quarter of such Fiscal Year;
     
S.     Section 5.14(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (a)         Maintenance of Ratings.  At all times, Borrower shall use
    commercially reasonable efforts to maintain ratings issued by Moodys
    and S&P with respect to its senior secured debt (it being understood
    that Borrower is under no obligation to maintain any particular level
    of rating issued by Moodys or S&P).  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain updated
    ratings from Moodys and S&P with respect to its senior secured debt by
    no later than the date that is 180 days following the consummation of
    an IPO.
     
T.     Section 6.1(h) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (h)         Indebtedness in connection with the repurchase otherwise
    permitted hereunder of equity issued to current or former employees,
    executives or directors of a Credit Party (including any promissory
    notes issued by a Credit Party to repurchase equity of employees,
    executives or directors of a Credit Party) in an amount not to exceed
    $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding;
     
U.     Section 6.1(i) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (i)          Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $50,000,000 in
    the aggregate at any time outstanding when aggregated with amounts
    under Section 6.1(m) consisting of subordinated Indebtedness of
    Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries issued to a seller in connection
    with a Permitted Acquisition and which is subordinated (in a manner
    customary for a seller note) in right of payment to the Obligations;
     
V.     Section 6.1(j) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (j)          the incurrence by any Foreign Subsidiary of Holdings of
    Indebtedness owing to Persons other than Holdings and any of its
    Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount (or accreted value, as
    applicable) at any time outstanding, not to exceed the sum of $
    50,000,000;
     
W.     Section 6.1(m) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (m)        (i) Indebtedness of a Person or Indebtedness attaching to
    assets of a Person that, in either case, becomes a Subsidiary or
    Indebtedness attaching to assets that are acquired by Borrower or any
    of its Subsidiaries, in each case after the Closing Date as the result
    of a Permitted Acquisition, in an aggregate amount not to exceed
    $50,000,000 at any one time outstanding (when aggregated with amounts
    under Section 6.1(i)), provided that (x) such Indebtedness existed at
    the time such Person became a Subsidiary or at the time such assets
    were acquired and, in each case, was not created in anticipation
    thereof and (y) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed in any respect by
    Holdings or any Subsidiary (other than by any such person that so
    becomes a Subsidiary), and (ii) any refinancing, refunding, renewal or
    extension of any Indebtedness specified in subclause (i) above,
    provided, that (1) the principal amount of any such Indebtedness is not
    increased above the principal amount thereof outstanding immediately
    prior to such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (2) the
    direct and contingent obligors with respect to
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    such Indebtedness are not changed and (3) such Indebtedness shall not
    be secured by any assets other than the assets securing the
    Indebtedness being renewed, extended or refinanced;
     
X.     Section 6.1(n) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (n)         other unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower
    and/or its Subsidiaries or other subordinated Indebtedness (not 
    including any other amounts permitted under this Section 6.1) in an
    aggregate amount not to exceed at any time $100,000,000; and
     
Y.     Section 6.6(m) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (m)        Investments in Joint Ventures engaged in a business
    conducted by Borrower and its Subsidiaries and having an aggregate
    value (measured on the date each such Investment was made and without
    giving effect to subsequent changes in value), when taken together with
    all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (m) since the
    Closing Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time
    $25,000,000; provided, that with respect to any such Joint Venture that
    is not domiciled in the United States, such Joint Venture shall be
    organized or operating in any country that is a member of the
    Organization for Cooperation and Economic Development;
     
Z.     Section 6.6(n) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (n)         other Investments by Credit Parties in Subsidiaries (other
    than wholly owned Guarantors) in an aggregate amount not to exceed at
    any time $25,000,000;
     
AA.     Section 6.7(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (b)         Maximum Consolidated Capital Expenditures. Holdings shall
    not, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to, make or incur
    Consolidated Capital Expenditures, in any Fiscal Year indicated below,
    in an aggregate amount for Holdings and its Subsidiaries in excess of
    the corresponding amount set forth below opposite such Fiscal Year; 
    provided, that (x) each such amount set forth below shall be increased
    in an amount equal to 5% of the aggregate pro forma gross revenues
    contributed by the Person or assets acquired in connection with any
    Permitted Acquisitions from and after the First Amendment Effective
    Date, (y) if the aggregate amount of Consolidated Capital Expenditures
    for any Fiscal Year (beginning with Fiscal Year 2010) shall be less
    than the amount set forth in the table below for such Fiscal Year
    (before any carryover), then such shortfall may be added to the amount
    of Consolidated Capital Expenditures permitted for the immediately
    succeeding (but not any other) Fiscal Year (but in no event shall the
    carryover be more than 50% of the Consolidated Capital Expenditures
    permitted for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year) and (z) in
    determining whether any amount is available for carryover, the amount
    expended in any Fiscal Year shall first be deemed to be from the amount
    allocated to such year before any carryover:
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
Fiscal Year
 
Consolidated Capital
Expenditures
 
 2008
 
$
25,000,000
 
 2009
 
$
25,000,000
 
 2010
 
$
35,000,000
 
 2011 and each Fiscal Year thereafter
 
$
40,000,000
 
                     
BB.     Section 6.8(e) of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    (e)         Permitted Acquisitions (including with respect to
    acquisition targets not domiciled within the United States solely to
    the extent such entity is organized or operating in any country that is
    a member of the Organization for Cooperation and Economic Development),
    the Acquisition Consideration for which constitutes (x) prior to the
    First Amendment Effective Date,  (i) no more than $100,000,000 in the
    aggregate in any Fiscal Year, and (ii) no more than $200,000,000 in the
    aggregate from the Closing Date to the date of determination and (y)
    from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, no more than
    $200,000,000 in the aggregate from the First Amendment Date to the date
    of determination, in each case, plus the value of any equity or
    proceeds of equity issued in connection therewith;
     
CC.     Clause (e) of Section 6.11 of the Credit Agreement is hereby 
replaced in its entirety as follows:
 
    (e) (i) so long as no Default under Sections 8.1(a), (f) or (g) or any
    Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, payment of (X)
    management fees and transaction fees and (Y) on the date of termination
    of the Advisory Agreement upon the consummation of (or within 180 days
    following) an IPO, a termination fee and/or transaction fee in an
    amount not to exceed $19,400,000, in each case, to Sponsor and its
    Affiliates as set forth in the Advisory Agreement; provided that upon
    the occurrence and during the continuance of such a Default or an Event
    of Default, such advisory fees, management fees, transaction fees and
    termination fees may accrue until payment is permitted upon cure or
    waiver of such Default or Event of Default and (ii) reimbursement of
    reasonable expenses (including indemnification obligations) actually
    incurred by Sponsor and its Affiliates, as set forth in the Advisory
    Agreement;
     
DD.     Section 6.15 of the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety as follows:
 
    6.15.   Amendments with Respect to the Advisory Agreement.  No Credit
    Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend or
    otherwise change the terms of the Advisory Agreement or make any
    payment consistent with an amendment thereof or change thereto, if the
    effect of such amendment or change, together with all other amendments
    or changes made, is to increase materially the obligations of any
    obligor
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    thereunder or which would be materially adverse to the Lenders without
    the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided, that
    nothing contained herein shall prohibit (i) the amendment or
    modification of the Advisory Agreement to clarify that a termination
    fee and/or transaction fee shall be payable thereunder to Sponsor and
    its Affiliates upon the consummation of (or within 180 days following) 
    an IPO in an amount not to exceed $19,400,000 or (ii) the payment of
    any such termination fee and/or transaction fee to the extent permitted
    by Section 6.11.
     
EE.     The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding new Exhibits N, O, 
P and Q thereto in the form of Annexes I, II, III and IV, respectively, to 
this Amendment.
 
    SECTION II.     CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS
     
This Amendment shall become effective upon the satisfaction of all of the 
following conditions precedent (the date of satisfaction of such conditions 
being referred to herein as the First Amendment Effective Date):
 
A.     Execution. Administrative Agent shall have received (i) consent and 
authorization from the Requisite Lenders to execute this Amendment on their 
behalf and (ii) on or prior to the 5th day from the date that 
Administrative Agent shall have provided written notice to the Borrower 
that Administrative Agent has received consent from the Requisite Lenders 
to the terms of this Amendment, a counterpart signature page of this 
Amendment duly executed by each of the Credit Parties.
 
B.     Fees.  On or prior to the 5th day from the date that Administrative 
Agent shall have provided written notice to the Borrower that 
Administrative Agent has received consent from the Requisite Lenders to the 
terms of this Amendment, the Administrative Agent shall have received:
 
    (a)     for distribution to all Lenders executing this Amendment on or
    prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, a non-refundable upfront
    fee in an amount equal to 0.625% of the aggregate of such Lenders
    Loans and Commitments outstanding as of the date hereof; and
     
    (b)     all other fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to
    the First Amendment Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced,
    reimbursement or other payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required
    to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder or any other Credit
    Document.
     
C.     Necessary Consents. Each Credit Party shall have obtained all 
material consents necessary or advisable in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Amendment.
 
D.     Other Documents.  Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have 
received such other documents, information or agreements regarding Credit 
Parties as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    SECTION III.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
     
In order to induce Lenders to enter into this Amendment and to amend the 
Credit Agreement in the manner provided herein, each Credit Party which is 
a party hereto represents and warrants to each Lender that the following 
statements are true and correct in all material respects:
 
A.     Corporate Power and Authority.  Each Credit Party, which is party 
hereto, has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Amendment 
and to carry out the transactions contemplated by, and perform its 
obligations under, the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment (the 
Amended Agreement) and the other Credit Documents.
 
B.     Authorization of Agreements.  The execution and delivery of this 
Amendment and the performance of the Amended Agreement and the other Credit 
Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of 
each Credit Party.
 
C.     No Conflict.  The execution and delivery by each Credit Party of 
this Amendment and the performance by each Credit Party of the Amended 
Agreement and the other Credit Documents do not and will not (i) violate 
(A) any provision of any law, statute, rule or regulation, or of the 
certificate or articles of incorporation or partnership agreement, other 
constitutive documents or by-laws of Holdings, the Borrower or any Credit 
Party or (B) any applicable order of any court or any rule, regulation or 
order of any Governmental Authority, (ii) be in conflict with, result in a 
breach of or constitute (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) a 
default under any Contractual Obligation of the applicable Credit Party, 
where any such conflict, violation, breach or default referred to in clause 
(i) or (ii) of this Section III.C., individually or in the aggregate could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) except as 
permitted under the Amended Agreement, result in or require the creation or 
imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of each Credit 
Party (other than any Liens created under any of the Credit Documents in 
favor of Administrative Agent on behalf of Lenders), or (iv) require any 
approval of stockholders or partners or any approval or consent of any 
Person under any Contractual Obligation of each Credit Party, except for 
such approvals or consents which will be obtained on or before the First 
Amendment Effective Date and except for any such approvals or consents the 
failure of which to obtain will not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
D.     Governmental Consents.  No action, consent or approval of, 
registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental 
Authority is or will be required in connection with the execution and 
delivery by each Credit Party of this Amendment and the performance by the 
Borrower and Holdings of the Amended Agreement and the other Credit 
Documents, except for such actions, consents and approvals the failure to 
obtain or make which could not reasonably be expected to result in a 
Material Adverse Effect or which have been obtained and are in full force 
and effect.
 
E.     Binding Obligation.  This Amendment and the Amended Agreement have 
been duly executed and delivered by each of the Credit Parties party 
thereto and each constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such 
Credit Party to the extent a party thereto, enforceable against such Credit 
Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited 
by
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or other similar laws 
affecting creditors rights generally and except as enforceability may be 
limited by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such 
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
F.     Incorporation of Representations and Warranties from Credit 
Agreement. The representations and warranties contained in Section 4 of the 
Amended Agreement are and will be true and correct in all material respects 
on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date to the same extent as 
though made on and as of that date, except to the extent such 
representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in 
which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as of 
such earlier date.
 
G.     Absence of Default.  No event has occurred and is continuing or will 
result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Amendment that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default.
 
    SECTION IV.     ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT
     
Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and 
provisions of the Credit Agreement and this Amendment and consents to the 
amendment of the Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Amendment.  
Each Guarantor hereby confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a 
party or otherwise bound and all Collateral encumbered thereby will 
continue to guarantee or secure, as the case may be, to the fullest extent 
possible in accordance with the Credit Documents the payment and 
performance of all Obligations under each of the Credit Documents to 
which is a party (in each case as such terms are defined in the applicable 
Credit Document).
 
Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that any of the Credit Documents to 
which it is a party or otherwise bound shall continue in full force and 
effect and that all of its obligations thereunder shall be valid and 
enforceable and shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or 
effectiveness of this Amendment.  Each Guarantor represents and warrants 
that all representations and warranties contained in the Amended Agreement 
and the Credit Documents to which it is a party or otherwise bound are true 
and correct in all material respects on and as of the First Amendment 
Effective Date to the same extent as though made on and as of that date, 
except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically 
relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all 
material respects on and as of such earlier date.
 
Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding the 
conditions to effectiveness set forth in this Amendment, such Guarantor is 
not required by the terms of the Credit Agreement or any other Credit 
Document to consent to the amendments to the Credit Agreement effected 
pursuant to this Amendment and (ii) nothing in the Credit Agreement, this 
Amendment or any other Credit Document shall be deemed to require the 
consent of such Guarantor to any future amendments to the Credit Agreement.
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    SECTION V.     MISCELLANEOUS
     
A.     Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Credit 
Documents.
 
    (i)     On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference
    in the Credit Agreement to this Amendment, hereunder, hereof,
    herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and
    each reference in the other Credit Documents to the Credit Agreement,
    thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit
    Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as
    amended by this Amendment.
     
    (ii)     Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Credit
    Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall remain in full force and
    effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed.
     
    (iii)     The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment
    shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a
    waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Agent or Lender under, the
    Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents.
     
B.     Headings.  Section and Subsection headings in this Amendment are 
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute 
a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive 
effect.
 
C.     Applicable Law.  THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF 
THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND 
ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, 
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
 
D.     Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each 
of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but 
all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same 
instrument; signature pages may be detached from multiple separate 
counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature 
pages are physically attached to the same document.
 
                    [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly 
authorized as of the date first written above.
 
 
BORROWER:
 
 
AEROFLEX INCORPORATED
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
 
 
Title:  SVP, CFO & Secretary
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
GUARANTORS :
AEROFLEX HOLDING CORP.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  SVP, CFO & Secretary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX COLORADO SPRINGS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX HIGH SPEED TEST SOLUTIONS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/INMET, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/KDI, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/METELICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
AEROFLEX MICROELECTRONIC SOLUTIONS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX PLAINVIEW, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX RAD, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/WEINSCHEL, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX WICHITA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX BLOOMINGDALE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
AEROFLEX ACQUISITION ONE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX ACQUISITION TWO, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX ACQUISITION THREE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
AIF CORP.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: :
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
IFR FINANCE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
IFR SYSTEMS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
MCE ASIA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
MICROMETRICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
 
 
 
VI TECHNOLOGY, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name:  John Adamovich
 
 
Title:  Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         
 
 
 
 
 
GOLDMAN SACHS CREDIT PARTNERS L.P.,
 
 
 
 
 
as Administrative Agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Douglas Tansey
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, pursuant to Section II.A(i) of the Amendment, the 
undersigned hereby consents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to 
execute this Amendment on its behalf.
 
 
 
                                          , as a Lender
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

