 EX-10.79 3 dex1079.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN, 
DATED AUGUST 31, 2010


 
Exhibit 10.79


ADA-ES, INC.


AMENDED AND RESTATED
2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are to attract and 
retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentives to 
Employees, Directors and Consultants and to promote the success of the 
Companys business.


2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:


(a) Administrator means the Board or any of the Committees appointed to 
administer the Plan.


(b) Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed 
to such terms in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act.


(c) Applicable Laws means the legal requirements relating to the 
administration of stock incentive plans, if any, under applicable 
provisions of federal securities laws, state corporate and securities laws, 
the Code, the rules of any applicable stock exchange or national market 
system and the rules of any foreign jurisdiction applicable to Awards 
granted to residents therein.


(d) Assumed means that (i) pursuant to a Corporate Transaction defined in 
Section 2(q)(i), 2(q)(ii) or 2(q)(iii), the contractual obligations 
represented by the Award are expressly assumed (and not simply by operation 
of law) by the successor entity or its Parent in connection with the 
Corporate Transaction with appropriate adjustments to the number and type 
of securities of the successor entity or its Parent subject to the Award 
and the exercise or purchase price thereof which preserves the compensation 
element of the Award existing at the time of the Corporate Transaction as 
determined in accordance with the instruments evidencing the agreement to 
assume the Award or (ii) pursuant to a Corporate Transaction defined in 
Section 2(q)(iv) or 2(q)(v), the Award is expressly affirmed by the 
Company.


(e) Award means the grant of an Option, Restricted Stock or other right 
or benefit under the Plan.


(f) Award Agreement means the written agreement evidencing the grant of 
an Award executed by the Company and the Grantee, including any amendments 
thereto.


(g) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.


(h) Cause means, with respect to the termination by the Company or a 
Related Entity of the Grantees Continuous Service, that such termination 
is for Cause as such term is expressly defined in a then-effective 
written agreement between the Grantee and the Company or such Related 
Entity, or in the absence of such then-effective written agreement and 
definition, is based on, in the determination of the Administrator, the 
Grantees: (i) performance of any act or failure to perform any act in bad 
faith and to the detriment of the Company or a Related Entity; (ii) 
dishonesty, intentional misconduct or material breach of any agreement with 
the Company or a Related Entity; or (iii) commission of a crime involving 
dishonesty, breach of trust or physical or emotional harm to any person.


(i) Change in Control means a change in ownership or control of the 
Company effected through either of the following transactions:


(i) the direct or indirect acquisition by any person or related group of 
persons (Person) (other than an acquisition from or by the Company or by 
a Company-sponsored employee benefit plan or by a Person that directly or 
indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the 
Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the 
Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
total combined voting power of the Companys outstanding securities 
pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made directly to the Companys 
stockholders which a majority of the Continuing Directors who are not 
Affiliates or Associates of the offeror do not recommend such stockholders 
accept;

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ii) a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the 
date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve 
(12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not 
endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the 
appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is 
considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of 
additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered 
a Change in Control; or


(iii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys 
assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired 
during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent 
acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a 
total gross fair market value equal to or more than 50% of the total gross 
fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to 
such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of 
this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets: (A) a transfer 
to an entity that is controlled by the Companys stockholders immediately 
after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a 
stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in 
exchange for or with respect to the Companys stock, (2) an entity, 50% or 
more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or 
indirectly, 50% or more of the total value or voting power of all the 
outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least 50% of the 
total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a 
Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this 
subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of 
the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined 
without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. For purposes 
of this Section 2(iii), persons will be considered to be acting as a group 
if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, 
consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business 
transaction with the Company.


Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any 
amounts that constitute deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, to 
the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation or penalties, no Change 
in Control will be deemed to have occurred unless such Change in Control 
also constitutes a change in control in the ownership or effective control 
of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the 
Companys assets under Code Section 409A.


(j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.


(k) Committee means any committee composed of Directors of the Board 
appointed by the Board to administer the Plan.


(l) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company.


(m) Company means ADA-ES, Inc., a Colorado corporation.


(n) Consultant means any person (other than an Employee or a Director, 
solely with respect to rendering services in such persons capacity as a 
Director) who is engaged by the Company or any Related Entity to render 
consulting or advisory services to the Company or such Related Entity.


(o) Continuing Directors means members of the Board who either (i) have 
been Board members continuously for a period of at least thirty-six (36) 
months or (ii) have been Board members for less than thirty-six (36) months 
and were elected or nominated for election as Board members by at least a 
majority of the Board members described in clause (i) who were still in 
office at the time such election or nomination was approved by the Board.


(p) Continuous Service means that the provision of services to the 
Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or 
Consultant is not interrupted or terminated. In jurisdictions requiring 
notice in advance of an effective termination as an Employee, Director or 
Consultant, Continuous Service shall be deemed terminated upon the actual 
cessation of providing services to the Company or a Related Entity 
notwithstanding any required notice period that must be fulfilled before a 
termination as an Employee, Director or Consultant can be effective under 
Applicable Laws. Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in 
the case of (i) any approved leave of absence, (ii) transfers among the 
Company, any Related Entity or any successor in any capacity of Employee, 
Director or Consultant or (iii) any change in status as long as the 
individual remains in
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the service of the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, 
Director or Consultant (except as otherwise provided in the Award 
Agreement). An approved leave of absence shall include sick leave, military 
leave or any other authorized personal leave for a period not to exceed six 
months, provided, however, that absences of six months or more shall 
continue to be an approved leave of absence if the Employee, Director or 
Consultant has a contractual or statutory right to re-employment . For 
purposes of each Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan, if such 
leave exceeds ninety (90) days, and reemployment upon expiration of such 
leave is not guaranteed by statute or contract, then the Incentive Stock 
Option shall be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option on the day three 
(3) months and one (1) day following the expiration of such ninety (90) day 
period.


(q) Corporate Transaction means any of the following transactions:


(i) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving 
entity, except for a transaction the principal purpose of which is to 
change the state in which the Company is incorporated;


(ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Company;


(iii) the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company;


(iv) any reverse merger or series of related transactions culminating in a 
reverse merger (including, but not limited to, a tender offer followed by a 
reverse merger) in which the Company is the surviving entity but in which 
securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined 
voting power of the Companys outstanding securities are transferred to a 
person or persons different from those who held such securities immediately 
prior to such merger but excluding any such transaction or series of 
related transactions that the Administrator determines shall not be a 
Corporate Transaction; or


(v) acquisition in a single or series of related transactions by any person 
or related group of persons (other than the Company or by a 
Company-sponsored employee benefit plan) of beneficial ownership (within 
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities possessing 
more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the 
Companys outstanding securities but excluding any such transaction or 
series of related transactions that the Administrator determines shall not 
be a Corporate Transaction.


(r) Covered Employee means an Employee who is a covered employee under 
Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.


(s) Director means a member of the Board or the board of directors of any 
Related Entity.


(t) Disability means, with respect to a Grantee, the inability of such 
Grantee to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any 
medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected 
to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a 
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, as provided in 
Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and shall be determined 
by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems 
warranted under the circumstances.


(u) Employee means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is 
in the employ of the Company or any Related Entity, subject to the control 
and direction of the Company or any Related Entity as to both the work to 
be performed and the manner and method of performance. The payment of a 
directors fee by the Company or a Related Entity shall not be sufficient 
to constitute employment by the Company.


(v) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


(w) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock 
determined as follows:


(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a 
national market system, including without limitation, any of the markets 
operated by or for NASDAQ, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales 
price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as 
quoted on such exchange or system on the date of determination (or, if no 
closing sales price or closing bid was reported on that date, as 
applicable, on the last trading date such closing sales price or closing 
bid was reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other 
source as the Administrator deems reliable;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted on an automated quotation 
system (including the OTC Bulletin Board) or by a recognized securities 
dealer, but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a 
share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked 
prices for the Common Stock on the date of determination (or, if no such 
prices were reported on that date, on the last date such prices were 
reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as 
the Administrator deems reliable; or


(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock of the 
type described in (i) and (ii), above, the Fair Market Value thereof shall 
be determined by the Administrator in good faith, and in a manner that 
comports with the requirements of Section 409A and 422 of the Code and any 
Applicable Law.


(x) Good Reason means the occurrence after a Corporate Transaction or 
Change in Control of any of the following events or conditions unless 
consented to by the Grantee (and the Grantee shall be deemed to have 
consented to any such event or condition unless the Grantee provides 
written notice of the Grantees non-acquiescence within 90 days of the 
effective time of such event or condition and the Company cannot cure any 
such event or condition within 30 days upon such notice):


(i) a change in the Grantees responsibilities or duties which represents a 
material and substantial diminution in the Grantees responsibilities or 
duties as in effect immediately preceding the consummation of a Corporate 
Transaction or Change in Control;


(ii) a reduction in the Grantees base salary to a level below that in 
effect at any time within six (6) months preceding the consummation of a 
Corporate Transaction or Change in Control or at any time thereafter; or


(iii) requiring the Grantee to be based at any place outside a 50-mile 
radius from the Grantees job location or residence prior to the Corporate 
Transaction or Change in Control except for reasonably required travel on 
business which is not materially greater than such travel requirements 
prior to the Corporate Transaction or Change in Control.


(y) Grantee means an Employee, Director or Consultant who receives an 
Award under the Plan.


(z) Immediate Family means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, 
stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, 
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law 
or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the 
Grantees household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which 
these persons (or the Grantee) have more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Grantee) 
control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these 
persons (or the Grantee) own more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting 
interests.


(aa) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an 
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.


(bb) Non-Management Director means a director of the Company who is not 
an Employee.


(cc) Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option not intended to qualify 
as an Incentive Stock Option.


(dd) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related 
Entity within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules 
and regulations promulgated thereunder.


(ee) Option means an option to purchase Shares pursuant to an Award 
Agreement granted under the Plan.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ff) Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter 
existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.


(gg) Performance-Based Compensation means compensation qualifying as 
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code.


(hh) Plan means this Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan.


(ii) Related Entity means any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company and any 
business, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity in which the Company or a Parent or a Subsidiary of the Company 
holds a substantial ownership interest, directly or indirectly.


(jj) Replaced means that (i) pursuant to a Corporate Transaction defined 
in Section 2(q)(i), 2(q)(ii) or 2(q)(iii), the Award is replaced with a 
comparable stock award or a cash incentive program of the successor entity 
or Parent thereof which preserves the compensation element of such Award 
existing at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for 
subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting schedule or a vesting 
schedule more favorable to the Grantee applicable to such Award or (ii) 
pursuant to a Corporate Transaction defined in Section 2(q)(iv) or 2(q)(v), 
the Award is replaced with a comparable stock award or a cash incentive 
program of the Company or Parent thereof which preserves the compensation 
element of such Award existing at the time of the Corporate Transaction and 
provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting schedule 
or a vesting schedule more favorable to the Grantee applicable to such 
Award. The determination of Award comparability shall be made by the 
Administrator and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.


(kk) Restricted Stock means Shares issued under the Plan to the Grantee 
for such consideration, if any, and subject to such restrictions on 
transfer, rights of first refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture 
provisions and other terms and conditions as established by the 
Administrator, as set forth in a Restricted Stock Agreement that is issued 
in connection with such Award.


(ll) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or 
any successor thereto.


(mm) Share means a share of the Common Stock.


(nn) Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or 
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.


3. Stock Subject to the Plan.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 10 below, the stock subject to 
this Plan shall be the Companys Common Stock, no par value per share (the 
Common Stock), presently authorized but unissued or subsequently acquired 
by the Company. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10 hereof, the 
aggregate amount of Common Stock to be delivered upon the exercise of all 
Awards granted under this Plan shall not exceed six hundred thousand 
(600,000) shares as such Common Stock as constituted on the effective date 
of this Plan, and no further options shall be granted after the date on 
which the Companys stockholders approve this Plan, under the ADA-ES, Inc. 
2003 Stock Option Plan (in effect as of such date). In addition, the shares 
reserved for issuance of Awards granted under this Plan will automatically 
be increased on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning with the 
fiscal year commencing January 1, 2008, by an amount equal to ten percent 
(10%) of the increase in the total number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year over 
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on such date one year 
prior, or such lesser number of shares as is later ratified by the Board at 
their first meeting or action in such new fiscal year; provided, that in no 
event shall any such annual increase exceed three hundred thousand 
(300,000) shares and provided further, that in no event shall the total 
number of shares authorized for issuance under this Plan exceed one million 
(1,000,000) shares.


(b) Any Shares covered by an Award (or portion of an Award) which are 
forfeited, canceled or expire (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) shall 
be deemed not to have been issued for purposes of determining the maximum 
aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan. Shares that 
actually have been issued under the Plan pursuant to an Award shall not be 
returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance 
under the Plan, except that if unvested Shares are forfeited or repurchased 
by the Company, such Shares shall become available for future grant under 
the Plan.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
4. Administration of the Plan.

(a) Plan Administrator.

(i) Administration with Respect to Directors and Officers. With respect to 
grants of Awards to Directors or Employees who are also Officers or 
Directors of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board 
or (B) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee shall be 
constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws and to 
permit such grants and related transactions under the Plan to be exempt 
from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act in accordance with Rule 16b-3. Once 
appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated 
capacity until otherwise directed by the Board.


(ii) Administration With Respect to Consultants and Other Employees. With 
respect to grants of Awards to Employees or Consultants who are neither 
Directors nor Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by 
(A) the Board or (B) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee 
shall be constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws. 
Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated 
capacity until otherwise directed by the Board.


(iii) Administration With Respect to Covered Employees. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, as of and after the date that the exemption for the Plan under 
Section 162(m) of the Code expires, as set forth in Section 18 below, 
grants of Awards to any Covered Employee intended to qualify as 
Performance-Based Compensation shall be made only by a Committee (or 
subcommittee of a Committee) which is comprised solely of two or more 
Directors eligible to serve on a committee making Awards qualifying as 
Performance-Based Compensation. In the case of such Awards granted to 
Covered Employees, references to the Administrator or to a Committee 
shall be deemed to be references to such Committee or subcommittee.


(b) Multiple Administrative Bodies. The Plan may be administered by 
different bodies with respect to Directors, Officers, Consultants and 
Employees who are neither Directors nor Officers.


(c) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to Applicable Laws and the 
provisions of the Plan (including any other powers given to the 
Administrator hereunder), and except as otherwise provided by the Board, 
the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion:


(i) to select the Employees, Directors and Consultants to whom Awards may 
be granted from time to time hereunder;


(ii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;


(iii) to determine the number of Shares or the amount of other 
consideration to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;


(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;


(v) to determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted hereunder;


(vi) to establish additional terms, conditions, rules or procedures to 
accommodate the rules or laws of applicable foreign jurisdictions and to 
afford Grantees favorable treatment under such rules or laws; provided, 
however, that no Award shall be granted under any such additional terms, 
conditions, rules or procedures with terms or conditions which are 
inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan;


(vii) to amend the terms of any outstanding Award granted under the Plan, 
provided that any amendment that would adversely affect the Grantees 
rights under an outstanding Award shall not be made without the Grantees 
written consent;


(viii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards, 
including without limitation, any notice of award or Award Agreement, 
granted pursuant to the Plan; and
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ix) to take such other action, not inconsistent with the terms of the 
Plan, as the Administrator deems appropriate.


5. Eligibility. Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to 
Employees, Directors and Consultants. Incentive Stock Options may be 
granted only to Employees of the Company or a Parent or a Subsidiary of the 
Company. An Employee, Director or Consultant who has been granted an Award 
may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional Awards. Awards may be 
granted to such Employees, Directors or Consultants who are residing in 
foreign jurisdictions as the Administrator may determine from time to time.


6. Terms and Conditions of Awards.

(a) Designation of Award. Each Award shall be designated in the Award 
Agreement. In the case of an Option, the Option shall be designated as 
either an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. However, 
notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair 
Market Value of Shares subject to Options designated as Incentive Stock 
Options which become exercisable for the first time by a Grantee during any 
calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary 
of the Company) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options, to the extent of the 
Shares covered thereby in excess of the foregoing limitation, shall be 
treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options. For this purpose, Incentive Stock 
Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were 
granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of 
the grant date of the relevant Option.


(b) Conditions of Award. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the 
Administrator shall determine the provisions, terms and conditions of each 
Award including, but not limited to, the Award vesting schedule, repurchase 
provisions, rights of first refusal, forfeiture provisions, form of payment 
(cash, Shares, or other consideration) upon settlement of the Award, 
payment contingencies and satisfaction of any performance criteria. The 
performance criteria established by the Administrator may be based on any 
one of, or combination of, increase in share price, earnings per share, 
total stockholder return, return on equity, return on assets, return on 
investment, net operating income, cash flow, revenue, economic value added, 
personal management objectives or other measure of performance selected by 
the Administrator. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result 
in a payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as 
specified in the Award Agreement.


(c) Acquisitions and Other Transactions. The Administrator may issue Awards 
under the Plan in settlement, assumption or substitution for outstanding 
awards or obligations to grant future awards in connection with the Company 
or a Related Entity acquiring another entity, an interest in another entity 
or an additional interest in a Related Entity whether by merger, stock 
purchase, asset purchase or other form of transaction.


(d) Deferral of Award Payment. The Administrator may establish one or more 
programs under the Plan to permit selected Grantees the opportunity to 
elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an Award, 
satisfaction of performance criteria or other event that absent the 
election would entitle the Grantee to payment or receipt of Shares or other 
consideration under an Award (but only to the extent that such deferral 
programs would not result in an accounting compensation charge unless 
otherwise determined and specifically agreed to by the Administrator). The 
Administrator may establish the election procedures, the timing of such 
elections, the mechanisms for payments of and accrual of interest or other 
earnings, if any, on amounts, Shares or other consideration so deferred and 
such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the Administrator 
deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program. 
Irrespective of the rights of the Administrator to allow for the deferral 
of consideration hereunder, no such deferral shall be effective if it would 
result in the deferral constituting nonqualified deferred compensation 
within the meaning of Code Section 409A, unless such deferral has been 
approved by the Board and agreed to by the Grantee.


(e) Separate Programs. The Administrator may establish one or more separate 
programs under the Plan for the purpose of issuing particular forms of 
Awards to one or more classes of Grantees on such terms and conditions as 
determined by the Administrator from time to time.


(f) Individual Award Limits. Following the date that the exemption from 
application of Section 162(m) of the Code described in Section 18 (or any 
exemption having similar effect) ceases to apply to Awards, the maximum 
number of Shares with respect to which Awards (including awards for Options 
or Restricted Stock) may be granted to any Grantee in any fiscal year of 
the Company shall be thirty thousand (30,000) Shares;
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided, however, that Non-Management Directors shall be entitled to 
receive Awards in any fiscal year for no more than fifteen thousand 
(15,000) Shares. In connection with a Grantees commencement of Continuous 
Service, a Grantee who is an Employee may be granted Options for up to an 
additional thirty thousand (30,000) Shares which shall not count against 
the limit set forth in the previous sentence. The foregoing limitations 
shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the 
Companys capitalization pursuant to Section 10 below. To the extent 
required by Section 162(m) of the Code or the regulations thereunder, in 
applying the foregoing limitations with respect to a Grantee, if any Option 
is canceled, the canceled Option shall continue to count against the 
maximum number of Shares with respect to which Options may be granted to 
the Grantee. For this purpose, the repricing of an Option shall be treated 
as the cancellation of the existing Option and the grant of a new Option.


(g) Early Exercise. The Award Agreement may, but need not, include a 
provision whereby the Grantee may elect at any time while an Employee, 
Director or Consultant to exercise any part or all of the Award prior to 
full vesting of the Award. Any unvested Shares received pursuant to such 
exercise may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or a 
Related Entity or to any other restriction the Administrator determines to 
be appropriate.


(h) Term of Award. The term of each Award shall be the term stated in the 
Award Agreement, provided, however, that the term of an Incentive Stock 
Option may not be more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. 
However, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Grantee who, 
at the time the Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten 
percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or 
any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, the term of the Incentive Stock 
Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant thereof or such 
shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement.


(i) Transferability of Awards. Incentive Stock Options and other Awards may 
not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in 
any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and 
may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee. 
Non-Qualified Stock Options shall be transferable by will, by the laws of 
descent and distribution or to the extent and in the manner authorized by 
the Administrator, by gift to members of the Grantees Immediate Family.


(j) Time of Granting Awards. The date of grant of an Award shall for all 
purposes be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination to 
grant such Award or such other date as is determined by the Administrator.


7. Award Exercise or Purchase Price, Consideration and Taxes.

(a) Exercise or Purchase Price. The exercise or purchase price, if any, for 
an Award shall be as follows:


(i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option:


(A) granted to an Employee who, at the time of the grant of such Incentive 
Stock Option owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the 
voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or 
Subsidiary of the Company, the per Share exercise price shall be not less 
than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on 
the date of grant; or


(B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in the 
preceding paragraph, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than 
one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date 
of grant.


(ii) In the case of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, the per Share exercise 
price shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market 
Value per Share on the date of grant, unless otherwise determined by the 
Administrator.


(iii) In the case of Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based 
Compensation, the exercise or purchase price, if any, shall be not less 
than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the 
date of grant.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(a), in the 
case of an Award issued pursuant to Section 6(c), above, the exercise or 
purchase price for the Award shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant instrument evidencing the agreement to issue 
such Award.


(b) Attribution Rule. For purposes of subsection 7(a)(i)(A) above, in 
determining stock ownership, an employee shall be deemed to own the stock 
owned, directly or indirectly, by his or her Immediate Family. Stock owned, 
directly or indirectly, by or for a corporation, partnership, estate or 
trust shall be deemed to be owned proportionately by or for its 
stockholders, partners or beneficiaries. If an employee or a person related 
to the employee owns an unexercised option or warrant to purchase stock of 
the Company, the stock subject to that portion of the option or warrant 
which is unexercised shall not be counted in determining stock ownership. 
For purposes of this Section 7, stock owned by an employee shall include 
all stock owned by him or her which is actually issued and outstanding 
immediately before the grant of the incentive stock option to the employee.


(c) Consideration. Subject to Applicable Laws, the consideration to be paid 
for the Shares to be issued upon exercise or purchase of an Award, 
including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator 
(and, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, shall be determined at the 
time of grant). In addition to any other types of consideration the 
Administrator may determine, the Administrator is authorized to accept as 
consideration for Shares issued under the Plan the following:


(i) cash;


(ii) check;


(iii) delivery of Grantees promissory note with such recourse, interest, 
security and redemption provisions as the Administrator determines as 
appropriate (but only to the extent that the acceptance or terms of the 
promissory note would not violate an Applicable Law and would not result in 
an accounting compensation charge with respect to the use of such 
promissory note to pay the exercise price unless otherwise determined by 
the Administrator); provided however, that no less than the greater of an 
amount equal to the par value of the Common Stock to be issued upon the 
exercise of an Award (if such stock has a par value) or $.01 per share 
shall be paid in cash or other property having a value no less than the par 
value of such shares or $.01 per share, as applicable, and may not be 
included in the amount of any deferred obligation;


(iv) surrender of Shares or delivery of a properly executed form of 
attestation of ownership of Shares as the Administrator may require which 
have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender or attestation equal to 
the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award shall be 
exercised (but only to the extent that such exercise of the Award would not 
result in an accounting compensation charge with respect to the Shares used 
to pay the exercise price unless otherwise determined by the Administrator; 
generally an accounting charge will result if the Shares used to pay the 
exercise price were acquired less than six months before the exercise);


(v) with respect to Options, payment through a broker-dealer sale and 
remittance procedure pursuant to which the Grantee (A) provides written 
instructions to a Company designated brokerage firm to effect the immediate 
sale of some or all of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company 
sufficient funds to cover the aggregate exercise price payable for the 
purchased Shares and (B) provides written directives to the Company to 
deliver the certificates for the purchased Shares directly to such 
brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction; or


(vi) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.


(d) Taxes. No Shares shall be delivered under the Plan to any Grantee or 
other person until such Grantee or other person has made arrangements 
acceptable to the Administrator for the satisfaction of any foreign, 
federal, state or local income and employment tax withholding obligations, 
including, without limitation, obligations incident to the receipt of 
Shares or the disqualifying disposition of Shares received on exercise of 
an Incentive Stock Option. Upon exercise of an Award, the Company shall 
withhold or collect from Grantee an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax 
obligations.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
8. Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder.

(a) Any Award granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and 
under such conditions as determined by the Administrator under the terms of 
the Plan and specified in the Award Agreement.


(b) An Award shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such 
exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the 
Award by the person entitled to exercise the Award and full payment for the 
Shares with respect to which the Award is exercised has been made, 
including, to the extent selected, use of the broker-dealer sale and 
remittance procedure to pay the purchase price as provided in Section 
7(c)(v). Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the 
books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) 
of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or 
receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with 
respect to Shares subject to an Award, notwithstanding the exercise of an 
Option or other Award. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other 
right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate 
is issued, except as provided in the Award Agreement or Section 10 below.


9. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

(a) Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless 
the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares 
pursuant thereto comply with all Applicable Laws. Compliance with all 
Applicable Laws shall be determined by counsel for the Company.


(b) As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the 
person exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any 
such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and 
without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the 
opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by 
any Applicable Laws. THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE OBLIGATED, BY REASON OF THIS 
PROVISION OR OTHERWISE, TO UNDERTAKE REGISTRATION OF THE OPTIONS OR STOCK 
HEREUNDER.


10. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required 
action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered by 
each outstanding Award, the number of Shares which have been authorized for 
issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or 
which have been returned to the Plan, the exercise or purchase price of 
each such outstanding Award, the maximum number of Shares with respect to 
which Options may be granted to any Grantee in any fiscal year of the 
Company as well as any other terms that the Administrator determines 
require adjustment shall be proportionately adjusted for (i) any increase 
or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a stock split, 
reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the 
Shares or similar transaction affecting the Shares, (ii) any other increase 
or decrease in the number of issued Shares effected without receipt of 
consideration by the Company and (iii) as the Administrator may determine 
in its discretion, any other transaction with respect to Common Stock 
including a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or 
stock, separation (including a spin-off or other distribution of stock or 
property), reorganization, liquidation (whether partial or complete) or any 
similar transaction; provided, however that conversion of any convertible 
securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been effected 
without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall be made by the 
Administrator, and its determination shall be final, binding and 
conclusive. Except as the Administrator determines, no issuance by the 
Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into 
shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason 
hereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject 
to an Award.


11. Corporate Transactions and Changes in Control.

(a) Termination of Award to Extent Not Assumed in Corporate Transaction. 
Effective upon the consummation of a Corporate Transaction, all outstanding 
Awards under the Plan shall terminate. However, all such Awards shall not 
terminate to the extent they are Assumed in connection with the Corporate 
Transaction.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(b) Acceleration of Award Upon Corporate Transaction or Change in Control.

(i) Corporate Transaction. Except as provided otherwise in an individual 
Award Agreement, in the event of a Corporate Transaction and:


(A) for the portion of each Award that is Assumed or Replaced, then such 
Award (if Assumed), the replacement Award (if Replaced) or the cash 
incentive program (if Replaced) automatically shall become fully vested, 
exercisable and payable and be released from any repurchase or forfeiture 
rights (other than repurchase rights exercisable at Fair Market Value) for 
all of the Shares at the time represented by such Assumed or Replaced 
portion of the Award, immediately upon termination of the Grantees 
Continuous Service if such Continuous Service is terminated by the 
successor company or the Company without Cause or voluntarily by the 
Grantee with Good Reason within twelve (12) months after the Corporate 
Transaction; and


(B) for the portion of each Award that is neither Assumed nor Replaced, 
such portion of the Award shall automatically become fully vested and 
exercisable and be released from any repurchase or forfeiture rights (other 
than repurchase rights exercisable at Fair Market Value) for all of the 
Shares at the time represented by such portion of the Award, immediately 
prior to the specified effective date of such Corporate Transaction.


(ii) Change in Control. Except as provided otherwise in an individual Award 
Agreement, following a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control 
which also is a Corporate Transaction) and upon the termination of the 
Continuous Service of a Grantee if such Continuous Service is terminated by 
the Company or Related Entity without Cause or voluntarily by the Grantee 
with Good Reason within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, each 
Award of such Grantee which is at the time outstanding under the Plan 
automatically shall become fully vested and exercisable and be released 
from any repurchase or forfeiture rights (other than repurchase rights 
exercisable at Fair Market Value), immediately upon the termination of such 
Continuous Service.


(c) Effect of Acceleration on Incentive Stock Options. Any Incentive Stock 
Option accelerated under this Section 11 in connection with a Corporate 
Transaction or Change in Control shall remain exercisable as an Incentive 
Stock Option under the Code only to the extent the $100,000 dollar 
limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code is not exceeded. To the extent 
such dollar limitation is exceeded, a proportional fraction of each share 
subject to such Option will be allocated as part Incentive Stock Option and 
part Non-Qualified Stock Option.


12. Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon 
the earlier to occur of its adoption by the Board or its approval by the 
stockholders of the Company. It shall continue in effect for a term of ten 
(10) years unless sooner terminated. Subject to Section 17 below, and 
Applicable Laws, Awards may be granted under the Plan upon its becoming 
effective.


13. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan; Code Section 409A 
Considerations.

(a) The Board may at any time amend, suspend or terminate the Plan. To the 
extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws, the Company shall obtain 
stockholder approval of any Plan amendment in such a manner and to such a 
degree as required.


(b) No Award may be granted during any suspension of the Plan or after 
termination of the Plan.


(c) No suspension or termination of the Plan (including termination of the 
Plan under Section 12, above) shall adversely affect any rights under 
Awards already granted to a Grantee.


(d) Any amendment of the Plan may be accomplished in a manner calculated to 
cause such amendment not to constitute an extension, renewal or 
modification (each within the meaning of Code Section 409A) of any Awards 
that would cause such Awards to be considered nonqualified deferred 
compensation (within the meaning of Code Section 409A). Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if at any time the Board or the Administrator determines 
that any Award may be subject to Code Section 409A, the Board or the 
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, and without a Grantees prior 
consent, amend the Plan or any Award as it may determine is necessary or 
desirable either for the Plan and Awards to be exempt from the application 
of Code Section 409A or to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A, 
including by adding conditions with respect to the vesting and/or the 
payment of Awards.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
14. Reservation of Shares.

(a) The Company, during the term of the Plan, will at all times reserve and 
keep available such number of Shares as are sufficient to satisfy the 
requirements of the Plan.


(b) The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory 
body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Companys 
counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares 
hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the 
failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority 
is not obtained.


15. No Effect on Terms of Employment/Consulting Relationship. The Plan 
shall not confer upon any Grantee any right with respect to the Grantees 
Continuous Service and shall not interfere in any way with his or her right 
or the right of the Company or any Related Entity to terminate the 
Grantees Continuous Service at any time, with or without Cause and with or 
without notice. The ability of the Company or any Related Entity to 
terminate the employment of a Grantee who is employed at will is in no way 
affected by its determination that the Grantees Continuous Service has 
been terminated for Cause for the purposes of this Plan.


16. No Effect on Retirement and Other Benefit Plans. Except as specifically 
provided in a retirement or other benefit plan of the Company or a Related 
Entity, Awards shall not be deemed compensation for purposes of computing 
benefits or contributions under any retirement plan of the Company or a 
Related Entity, and shall not affect any benefits under any other benefit 
plan of any kind or any benefit plan subsequently instituted under which 
the availability or amount of benefits is related to level of compensation. 
The Plan is not a Retirement Plan or Welfare Plan under the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.


17. Stockholder Approval. The grant of Incentive Stock Options under the 
Plan, excluding Incentive Stock Options issued in substitution for 
outstanding Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code, 
shall be subject to approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company 
within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is adopted. 
Such stockholder approval shall be obtained in the degree and manner 
required under Applicable Laws. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock 
Options under the Plan prior to approval by the stockholders, but until 
such approval is obtained, no such Incentive Stock Option shall be 
exercisable. If stockholder approval is not obtained within the twelve (12) 
month period provided above, all Incentive Stock Options previously granted 
under the Plan shall be exercisable as Non-Qualified Stock Options.


18. Effect of Section 162(m) of the Code. At any time while the Company is 
subject to the reporting obligations of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, the 
Plan and all Awards (except Awards of Restricted Stock that vest over time) 
issued thereunder are intended to be exempt from the application of Section 
162(m) of the Code, which restricts under certain circumstances the Federal 
income tax deduction for compensation paid by a public company to named 
executives in excess of $1 million per year. The exemption is based on 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(f), in the form existing on the 
effective date of the Plan, with the understanding that such regulation 
generally exempts from the application of Section 162(m) of the Code 
compensation paid pursuant to a plan that existed before a company becomes 
publicly held. Under such Treasury Regulation, this exemption is available 
to the Plan for the duration of the period that lasts until the earliest of 
(i) the expiration of the Plan, (ii) the material modification of the Plan, 
(iii) the exhaustion of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock 
available for Awards under the Plan, as set forth in Section 3(a), (iv) the 
first meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected that 
occurs after the close of the third calendar year following the calendar 
year in which the Company first becomes subject to the reporting 
obligations of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, or (v) such other date 
required by Section 162(m) of the Code and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the Administrator determines as 
of the date of grant of an Award that (i) the Award is intended to qualify 
as Performance-Based Compensation and (ii) the exemption described above is 
no longer available with respect to such Award, such Award shall not be 
effective until any stockholder approval required under Section 162(m) of 
the Code has been obtained.


19. Code Section 409A Matters. Except as may be expressly provided with 
respect to any Award granted under the Plan, the Plan and the Awards are 
not intended to constitute a nonqualified deferred compensation plan 
within the meaning of Code Section 409A, but rather are intended to be 
exempt from the application of Code Section 409A. To the extent that the 
Plan and/or Awards are nevertheless deemed to be subject to Code Section 
409A, the Plan and Awards shall be interpreted in accordance with Code 
Section 409A and any applicable Department of Treasury regulations and 
other interpretive guidance issued thereunder,
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that 
may be issued after the grant of any Award. Notwithstanding any provision 
of the Plan or any Award to the contrary, in the event that the 
Administrator determines that any Award may be or become subject to Code 
Section 409A, the Administrator may adopt such amendments to the Plan and 
the affected Award (as described above) or adopt other policies and 
procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive 
effect), or take any other actions, that the Administrator determines are 
necessary or appropriate (a) to exempt the Plan and any Award from the 
application of Code Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment 
of the benefits provided with respect to the Award, or (b) to comply with 
the requirements of Code Section 409A. Any such action may include, but is 
not limited to, delaying payment, to the extent required in order to avoid 
accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Code Section 409A, to a 
Grantee who is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 
409A to the first day following the six-month period (or, if earlier, the 
date of the Grantees death) on the date of the Grantees separation of 
service as defined in Code Section 409A. The Company shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to implement the provisions of this Section 
19 in good faith; provided that neither the Company, the Administrator nor 
any Employee, Director or representative of the Company or of any of its 
Affiliates shall have any liability to with respect to this Section 19.


20. Qualified Domestic Relations Orders.

(a) Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, rights under 
Awards may be assigned to an Alternate Payee to the extent that a QDRO so 
provides. (The terms Alternate Payee and QDRO are defined in paragraph 
20(c) below.) The assignment of an Award to an Alternate Payee pursuant to 
a QDRO shall not be treated as having caused a new grant. The transfer of 
an Incentive Stock Option to an Alternate Payee may, however, cause it to 
fail to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. If an Award is assigned to an 
Alternate Payee, the Alternate Payee generally shall have the same rights 
as the grantee under the terms of the Plan; provided however, that (i) the 
Award shall be subject to the same vesting terms and exercise period as if 
the Award were still held by the grantee and (ii) an Alternate Payee may 
not transfer an Award.


(b) In the event of the Administrators receipt of a domestic relations 
order or other notice of adverse claim by an Alternate Payee of a grantee 
of an Award, transfer of the proceeds of the exercise of such Award, 
whether in the form of cash, stock or other property, may be suspended. 
Such proceeds shall thereafter be transferred pursuant to the terms of a 
QDRO or other agreement between the Grantee and Alternate Payee. A 
Grantees ability to exercise an Award may be barred if the Administrator 
receives a court order directing the Plan administrator not to permit 
exercise.


(c) The word QDRO as used in the Plan shall mean a court order (i) that 
creates or recognizes the right of the spouse, former spouse or child (an 
Alternate Payee) of an individual who is granted an Award to an interest 
in such Award relating to marital property rights or support obligations 
and (ii) that the administrator of the Plan determines would be a 
qualified domestic relations order, as that term is defined in section 
414(p) of the Code and section 206(d) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act (ERISA), but for the fact that the Plan is not a plan 
described in section 3(3) of ERISA.


21. Section 16(b) Compliance and Bifurcation of Plan. It is the intention 
of the Company that this Plan comply in all respects with Section 16(b) and 
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, to the extent applicable, and, if any 
Plan provision is later found not to be in compliance with such Section or 
Rule, as the case may be, the provision shall be deemed null and void, and 
in all events the Plan shall be construed in favor of its meeting the 
requirements of Section 16(b) and Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. 
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Board, in its 
absolute discretion, may bifurcate the Plan so as to restrict, limit or 
condition the use of any provision of the Plan to participants who are 
officers and directors or other persons subject to Section 16(b) of the 
Exchange Act without so restricting, limiting or conditioning the Plan with 
respect to other participants.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
    The undersigned, being the Secretary of ADA-ES, Inc. hereby certifies 
that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the ADA-ES, Inc. Amended 
and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as adopted by the Board of 
Directors on April 27, 2007, and as adopted by the shareholders on          
   , 2007, and as amended and restated by the Board of Directors on         
    , 2010.
 
ADA-ES, Inc.
By: 	  	
/s/    Mark H. McKinnies
Mark H. McKinnies, Secretary
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ADA-ES AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION AWARD
 
Grantees Name and Address: 	   	
 
   	
    
   	
    
    You (the Grantee) have been granted an option to purchase shares of 
Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Stock 
Option Award (the Notice), the ADA-ES Amended and Restated 2007 Equity 
Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan) and the Stock 
Option Award Agreement (the Option Agreement) attached hereto, as 
follows. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan 
shall have the same defined meanings in this Notice.
Award Number 	   	
 
Date of Award 	   	
 
Vesting Commencement Date 	   	
 
Exercise Price per Share 	   	$                                             
                                                                            
                                                      
Total Number of Shares Subject
to the Option (the Shares)
   	
 
Total Exercise Price 	   	$                                                 
                                                                            
                                                  
Type of Option: 	   	             Incentive Stock Option
   	             Non-Qualified Stock Option
Expiration Date: 	   	
 
Post-Termination Exercise Period: 	   	Three (3) Months


Vesting Schedule:

    Subject to the Grantees Continuous Service and other limitations set 
forth in this Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement, the Option may be 
exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule:
 
Period of Grantees
Continuous Relationship
With the Company or
Affiliate From the Date
the Option is Granted
   	Portion of Total Option
Which is Exercisable 	 

 End of              months

   	  	     	% 

 Each month thereafter

   	  	     	% 

              months

   	  	100 	  
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
    During any authorized leave of absence, the vesting of the Option as 
provided in this schedule shall be suspended after the leave of absence 
exceeds a period of ninety (90) days. Vesting of the Option shall resume 
upon the Grantees termination of the leave of absence and return to 
service to the Company or a Related Entity. The Vesting Schedule of the 
Option shall be extended by the length of the suspension.


    In the event of termination of the Grantees Continuous Service for 
Cause, the Grantees right to exercise the Option shall terminate 
concurrently with the termination of the Grantees Continuous Service, 
except as otherwise determined by the Administrator.


    In the event of the Grantees change in status from Employee to 
Consultant or from an Employee whose customary employment is 20 hours or 
more per week to an Employee whose customary employment is fewer than 20 
hours per week, vesting of the Option shall continue only to the extent 
determined by the Administrator as of such change in status, provided that 
in no case shall such change in status be considered a separation of 
service as defined in Code Section 409A.


    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this 
Notice and agree that the Option is to be governed by the terms and 
conditions of this Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement.
 
ADA-ES, INC., a Colorado corporation
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Shares subject to the Option 
shall vest, if at all, only during the period of the Grantees Continuous 
Service (not through the act of being hired, being granted the Option or 
acquiring Shares hereunder). The Grantee further acknowledges and agrees 
that nothing in this Notice, the Option Agreement or the Plan shall confer 
upon the Grantee any right with respect to future Awards or continuation of 
the Grantees Continuous Service or interfere in any way with the Grantees 
right or the right of the Company or Related Entity to which the Grantee 
provides services to terminate the Grantees Continuous Service, with or 
without cause and with or without notice. The Grantee acknowledges that 
unless the Grantee has a written employment agreement with the Company to 
the contrary, the Grantees status is at will.


    The Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Option 
Agreement and represents that he or she:


    (a) is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof and hereby 
accepts the Option, effective as of the date of grant stated above, subject 
to all of the terms and provisions hereof and thereof;


    (b) has reviewed this Notice, the Plan and the Stock Option Award 
Option Agreement being executed and delivered herewith in their entirety, 
has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing 
this Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Notice, the Plan 
and the Option Award Agreement.


    Grantee hereby agrees that all disputes arising out of or relating to 
this Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement shall be resolved in 
accordance with Section 18 of the Option Agreement.


    Grantee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the 
residence address indicated in this Notice.


    Grantee agrees, as a condition precedent to any exercise of the Option, 
to deliver to the Company:


(a) an executed Exercise Notice in the form provided by the Company, which 
notice may include (i) written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to 
Grantees knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or 
that Grantee has employed a purchaser representative who has such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters, and that Grantee is 
capable of evaluating, alone or together with a purchaser representative 
engaged by Grantee, the merits and risks of exercising the Option; and (ii) 
written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that Grantee is 
acquiring the Common Stock subject to the Option for such persons own 
account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise 
distributing the Common Stock. (These requirements, and any assurances 
given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if, and only if: 
(x) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise of the Option has been 
registered under a then currently effective registration statement under 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); or (y) as to 
any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the 
Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under 
the then applicable securities law.); and


(b) an executed Shareholders Agreement (if any) in the form existing at the 
time of exercise of the Option (as modified by the Company in its 
discretion);
 
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	  	Signed: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Grantee 	  	
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
ADA-ES AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION AWARD
 
Grantees Name and Address: 	   	                                           
                                                                            
                                       
   	                                                                        
                                                                            
          
   	                                                                        
                                                                            
          


    You (the Grantee) have been granted an option to purchase shares of 
Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Stock 
Option Award (the Notice), the ADA-ES Amended and Restated 2007 Equity 
Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan) and the Stock 
Option Award Agreement (the Option Agreement) attached hereto, as 
follows. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan 
shall have the same defined meanings in this Notice.
 
Award Number 	   	                                                          
                                                                            
                        
Date of Award 	   	                                                         
                                                                            
                         
Vesting Commencement Date 	   	                                             
                                                                            
                                     
Exercise Price per Share 	   	$                                             
                                                                            
                                  
Total Number of Shares Subject to the Option (the Shares) 	   	           
                                                                            
                                                                       
Total Exercise Price 	   	$                                                 
                                                                            
                              
Type of Option: 	   	             Incentive Stock Option
   	             Non-Qualified Stock Option
Expiration Date: 	   	                                                      
                                                                            
                            
Post-Termination Exercise Period: 	   	Three (3) Months

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Vesting Schedule:

    Subject to the Grantees Continuous Service and other limitations set 
forth in this Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement, the Option may be 
exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule:
 
Period of Grantees
Continuous Relationship
With the Company or
Affiliate From the Date
the Option is Granted
   	Portion of Total Option
Which is Exercisable 	 
End of              months 	   	  	     	% 
Each month thereafter 	   	  	     	% 
             months 	   	  	100 	  
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
    During any authorized leave of absence, the vesting of the Option as 
provided in this schedule shall be suspended after the leave of absence 
exceeds a period of ninety (90) days. Vesting of the Option shall resume 
upon the Grantees termination of the leave of absence and return to 
service to the Company or a Related Entity. The Vesting Schedule of the 
Option shall be extended by the length of the suspension.


    In the event of termination of the Grantees Continuous Service for 
Cause, the Grantees right to exercise the Option shall terminate 
concurrently with the termination of the Grantees Continuous Service, 
except as otherwise determined by the Administrator.


    In the event of the Grantees change in status from Employee to 
Consultant or from an Employee whose customary employment is 20 hours or 
more per week to an Employee whose customary employment is fewer than 20 
hours per week, vesting of the Option shall continue only to the extent 
determined by the Administrator as of such change in status, provided that 
in no case shall such change in status be considered a separation of 
service as defined in Code Section 409A.


    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this 
Notice and agree that the Option is to be governed by the terms and 
conditions of this Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement.
 
ADA-ES, INC., a Colorado corporation
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 


The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Shares subject to the Option 
shall vest, if at all, only during the period of the Grantees Continuous 
Service (not through the act of being hired, being granted the Option or 
acquiring Shares hereunder). The Grantee further acknowledges and agrees 
that nothing in this Notice, the Option Agreement or the Plan shall confer 
upon the Grantee any right with respect to future Awards or continuation of 
the Grantees Continuous Service or interfere in any way with the Grantees 
right or the right of the Company or Related Entity to which the Grantee 
provides services to terminate the Grantees Continuous Service, with or 
without cause and with or without notice. The Grantee acknowledges that 
unless the Grantee has a written employment agreement with the Company to 
the contrary, the Grantees status is at will.


    The Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Option 
Agreement and represents that he or she:


    (a) is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof and hereby 
accepts the Option, effective as of the date of grant stated above, subject 
to all of the terms and provisions hereof and thereof;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
    (b) has reviewed this Notice, the Plan and the Stock Option Award 
Option Agreement being executed and delivered herewith in their entirety, 
has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing 
this Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Notice, the Plan 
and the Option Award Agreement.


    Grantee hereby agrees that all disputes arising out of or relating to 
this Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement shall be resolved in 
accordance with Section 18 of the Option Agreement.


    Grantee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the 
residence address indicated in this Notice.


    Grantee agrees, as a condition precedent to any exercise of the Option, 
to deliver to the Company:


    (a) an executed Exercise Notice in the form provided by the Company, 
which notice may include (i) written assurances satisfactory to the Company 
as to Grantees knowledge and experience in financial and business matters 
and/or that Grantee has employed a purchaser representative who has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, and that 
Grantee is capable of evaluating, alone or together with a purchaser 
representative engaged by Grantee, the merits and risks of exercising the 
Option; and (ii) written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating 
that Grantee is acquiring the Common Stock subject to the Option for such 
persons own account and not with any present intention of selling or 
otherwise distributing the Common Stock. (These requirements, and any 
assurances given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if, 
and only if: (x) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise of the Option 
has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); or (y) 
as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for 
the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances 
under the then applicable securities law.); and


    (b) an executed Shareholders Agreement (if any) in the form existing at 
the time of exercise of the Option (as modified by the Company in its 
discretion);
 
Dated: 	  	                         	  	 	   	Signed: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	   	Grantee 	  	
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Award Number:             


ADA-ES INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT


1. Grant of Option. ADA-ES, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), 
hereby grants to the Grantee (the Grantee) named in the Notice of Stock 
Option Award (the Notice), an option (the Option) to purchase the Total 
Number of Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option (the Shares) set 
forth in the Notice, at the Exercise Price per Share set forth in the 
Notice (the Exercise Price) subject to the terms and provisions of the 
Notice, this Stock Option Award Agreement (the Option Agreement) and the 
Companys Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from 
time to time (the Plan), which are incorporated herein by reference. 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have 
the same defined meanings in this Option Agreement.


    If designated in the Notice as an Incentive Stock Option, the Option is 
intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Section 422 
of the Code. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that 
the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to Options designated as 
Incentive Stock Options which become exercisable for the first time by the 
Grantee during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any 
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options, 
to the extent of the Shares covered thereby in excess of the foregoing 
limitation, shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options. For this 
purpose, Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order 
in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall 
be determined as of the date the Option with respect to such Shares is 
awarded.


    If designated in the Notice as a Nonqualified Stock Option, the Option 
is NOT intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.


    To the extent any Stock Option is designated as an Incentive Stock 
Option, but for any reason (including the reason described above) fails to 
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, such option shall be treated as a 
Nonqualified Stock Option.


2. Exercise of Option.

(a) Right to Exercise. The Option shall be exercisable during its term in 
accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice and with the 
applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. The Option 
shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11 of the Plan relating to 
the exercisability or termination of the Option in the event of a Corporate 
Transaction or Change in Control. The Grantee shall be subject to 
reasonable limitations on the number of requested exercises during any 
monthly or weekly period as determined by the Administrator. In no event 
shall the Company issue fractional Shares.


(b) Method of Exercise. The Option shall be exercisable by delivery of an 
exercise notice (a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A) or by 
such other procedure as specified from time to time by the Administrator 
which shall state the election to exercise the Option, the whole number of 
Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised and such other 
provisions as may be required by the Administrator. The exercise notice 
shall be delivered in person, by certified mail or by such other method 
(including electronic transmission) as determined from time to time by the 
Administrator to the Company accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. 
The Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of 
such notice accompanied by the Exercise Price, which, to the extent 
selected, shall be deemed to be satisfied by use of the broker-dealer sale 
and remittance procedure to pay the Exercise Price provided in Section 4(d) 
below.


(c) Shareholders Agreement. As a condition precedent to any exercise of the 
Option, the Grantee shall deliver to the Company at the time of exercise, 
an executed Shareholders Agreement in the form existing at the time of 
exercise of the Option (as modified by the Company in its discretion as of 
such time).

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(d) Taxes. No Shares will be delivered to the Grantee or other person 
pursuant to the exercise of the Option until the Grantee or other person 
has made arrangements acceptable to the Administrator for the satisfaction 
of applicable income tax and employment tax withholding obligations, 
including, without limitation, such other tax obligations of the Grantee 
incident to the receipt of Shares or the disqualifying disposition of 
Shares received on exercise of an Incentive Stock Option. Upon exercise of 
the Option, the Company or the Grantees employer may offset or withhold 
(from any amount owed by the Company or the Grantees employer to the 
Grantee) or collect from the Grantee or other person an amount sufficient 
to satisfy such tax obligations and/or the employers withholding 
obligations.


3. Grantees Representations. The Grantee understands that neither the 
Option nor the Shares exercisable pursuant to the Option have been 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or any United 
States securities laws. If the Shares purchasable pursuant to the exercise 
of the Option have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, at the time the Option is exercised, the Grantee shall, if 
requested by the Company, concurrently with the exercise of all or any 
portion of the Option, deliver to the Company his or her Investment 
Representation Statement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.


4. Method of Payment. Payment of the Exercise Price shall be made by any of 
the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Grantee; 
provided, however, that such exercise method does not then violate any 
Applicable Law:


(a) cash;


(b) check;


(c) surrender of Shares or delivery of a properly executed form of 
attestation of ownership of Shares as the Administrator may require 
(including withholding of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of the 
Option) which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender or 
attestation equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares as to which 
the Option is being exercised (but only to the extent that such exercise of 
the Option would not result in an accounting compensation charge with 
respect to the Shares used to pay the exercise price); or


(d) payment through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure pursuant 
to which the Grantee (i) provides written instructions to a 
Company-designated brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of some or 
all of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company sufficient funds to 
cover the aggregate exercise price payable for the purchased Shares and 
(ii) provides written directives to the Company to deliver the certificates 
for the purchased Shares directly to such brokerage firm in order to 
complete the sale transaction.


5. Restrictions on Exercise. The Option may not be exercised if the 
issuance of the Shares subject to the Option upon such exercise would 
constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws. In addition, the Option may 
not be exercised until such time as the Plan has been approved by the 
shareholders of the Company.


6. Termination or Change of Continuous Service. If the Grantees Continuous 
Service terminates other than for Cause, the Grantee may, but only during 
the Post-Termination Exercise Period, exercise the portion of the Option 
that was vested at the date of such termination (the Termination Date). 
If the Grantees Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Grantees 
right to exercise the Option shall, except as otherwise determined by the 
Administrator, terminate concurrently with the termination of the Grantees 
Continuous Service (also the Termination Date). In no event may the 
Option be exercised later than the Expiration Date set forth in the Notice. 
If the Grantees status changes from Employee, Director or Consultant to 
any other status of Employee, Director or Consultant, the Option shall 
remain in effect and vesting of the Option shall continue only to the 
extent determined by the Administrator as of such change in status; 
provided, however, with respect to any Incentive Stock Option that remains 
in effect after a change in status from Employee to Director or Consultant, 
such Incentive Stock Option shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock 
Option and shall be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option on the day 
three (3) months and one (1) day following such change in status. Except as 
provided in Sections 7 and 8 below, to the extent that the Option was 
unvested on the Termination Date, such unvested portion of the Option shall 
terminate. In addition, except as provided in Sections 7 and 8 below, if 
the Grantee does not exercise the vested portion of the Option within the 
Post-Termination Exercise Period, such vested portion of the Option shall 
terminate.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
7. Disability of Grantee. If the Grantees Continuous Service terminates as 
a result of his or her Disability, the Grantee may, but only within twelve 
(12) months from the Termination Date (and in no event later than the 
Expiration Date), exercise the portion of the Option that was vested on the 
Termination Date; provided, however, that if such Disability is not a 
disability as such term is defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and 
the Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Incentive Stock Option shall 
cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated as a 
Non-Qualified Stock Option on the day three (3) months and one (1) day 
following the Termination Date. To the extent that the Option was unvested 
on the Termination Date, such unvested portion of the Option shall 
terminate. In addition, if the Grantee does not exercise the vested portion 
of the Option within the time specified herein, such vested portion of the 
Option shall terminate. Section 22(e)(3) of the Code provides that an 
individual is permanently and totally disabled if he or she is unable to 
engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result 
in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous 
period of not less than twelve (12) months.


8. Death of Grantee. If the Grantees Continuous Service terminates as a 
result of his or her death, or in the event of the Grantees death during 
the Post-Termination Exercise Period or during the twelve (12) month period 
following the Grantees termination of Continuous Service as a result of 
his or her Disability, the Grantees estate, or a person who acquired the 
right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, may exercise the 
portion of the Option that was vested at the Termination Date, within 
twelve (12) months from the date of death (but in no event later than the 
Expiration Date). To the extent that the Option was unvested on the date of 
death, such unvested portion of the Option shall terminate. In addition, if 
the vested portion of the Option is not exercised within the time specified 
herein, such vested portion of the Option shall terminate.


9. Transferability of Option. The Option, if an Incentive Stock Option, may 
not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of 
descent and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the 
Grantee only by the Grantee. The Option, if a Non-Qualified Stock Option, 
may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of 
descent and distribution, provided, however, that a Non-Qualified Stock 
Option may be transferred to members of the Grantees Immediate Family to 
the extent and in the manner authorized by the Administrator. The terms of 
the Option shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and 
successors of the Grantee.


10. Term of Option. The Option must be exercised no later than the 
Expiration Date set forth in the Notice or such earlier date as otherwise 
provided herein. After the Expiration Date or such earlier date, the Option 
shall be of no further force or effect and may not be exercised.


11. Stop-Transfer Notices. In order to ensure compliance with the 
restrictions on transfer set forth in this Option Agreement, the Notice or 
the Plan, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to 
its transfer agent, if any, and, if the Company transfers its own 
securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own 
records.


12. Refusal to Transfer. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer 
on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in 
violation of any of the provisions of this Option Agreement or (ii) to 
treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay 
dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares have 
been so transferred.


13. Tax Consequences. Set forth below is a brief summary as of the date of 
this Option Agreement of some of the federal tax consequences of exercise 
of the Option and disposition of the Shares. This summary is necessarily 
incomplete, and the tax laws and regulations are subject to change. The 
Grantee should consult a tax adviser before exercising the Option or 
disposing of the Shares.


(a) Exercise of Incentive Stock Option. If the Option qualifies as an 
Incentive Stock Option, there will be no regular federal income tax 
liability upon the exercise of the Option, although the excess, if any, of 
the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of exercise over the 
Exercise Price will be treated as income for purposes of the alternative 
minimum tax for federal tax purposes and may subject the Grantee to the 
alternative minimum tax in the year of exercise.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(b) Exercise of Incentive Stock Option Following Disability. If the 
Grantees Continuous Service terminates as a result of Disability that is 
not permanent and total disability as such term is defined in Section 
22(e)(3) of the Code, to the extent permitted on the date of termination, 
the Grantee must exercise an Incentive Stock Option within three (3) months 
of such termination for the Incentive Stock Option to be qualified as an 
Incentive Stock Option. Section 22(e)(3) of the Code provides that an 
individual is permanently and totally disabled if he or she is unable to 
engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result 
in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous 
period of not less than twelve (12) months.


(c) Exercise of Non-Qualified Stock Option. On exercise of a Non-Qualified 
Stock Option, the Grantee will be treated as having received compensation 
income (taxable at ordinary income tax rates) equal to the excess, if any, 
of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of exercise over the 
Exercise Price. If the Grantee is an Employee or a former Employee, the 
Company will be required to withhold from the Grantees compensation or 
collect from the Grantee and pay to the applicable taxing authorities an 
amount in cash equal to a percentage of this compensation income at the 
time of exercise, and may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to 
deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of 
exercise.


(d) Disposition of Shares. In the case of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, if 
Shares are held for more than one year, any gain realized on disposition of 
the Shares will be treated as long-term capital gain for federal income tax 
purposes. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, if Shares transferred 
pursuant to the Option are held for more than one year after receipt of the 
Shares and are disposed more than two years after the Date of Award, any 
gain realized on disposition of the Shares also will be treated as capital 
gain for federal income tax purposes and subject to the same tax rates and 
holding periods that apply to Shares acquired upon exercise of a 
Non-Qualified Stock Option. If Shares purchased under an Incentive Stock 
Option are disposed of prior to the expiration of such one-year or two-year 
periods, any gain realized on such disposition will be treated as 
compensation income (taxable at ordinary income rates) to the extent of the 
difference between the Exercise Price and the lesser of (i) the Fair Market 
Value of the Shares on the date of exercise, or (ii) the sale price of the 
Shares.


14. Lock-Up Agreement.

(a) Agreement. The Grantee, if such person is an officer, director or owner 
of greater than 5% of the Common Stock of the Company at such time 
(including, for purposes of determining stock ownership, shares of Common 
Stock issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, or conversion of 
securities convertible into shares of Common Stock), and if requested by 
the Company and the lead underwriter of any public offering of the Common 
Stock (the Lead Underwriter), hereby irrevocably agrees not to sell, 
contract to sell, grant any option to purchase, transfer the economic risk 
of ownership in, make any short sale of, pledge or otherwise transfer or 
dispose of any interest in any Common Stock or any securities convertible 
into or exchangeable or exercisable for or any other rights to purchase or 
acquire Common Stock (except Common Stock included in such public offering 
or acquired on the public market after such offering) during the 180-day 
period following the effective date of a registration statement of the 
Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or such shorter 
period of time as the Lead Underwriter may specify. The Grantee further 
agrees to sign such documents as may be requested by the Lead Underwriter 
to effect the foregoing and agrees that the Company may impose 
stop-transfer instructions with respect to such Common Stock subject to the 
lock-up period until the end of such period. The Company and the Grantee 
acknowledge that each Lead Underwriter of a public offering of the 
Companys stock, during the period of such offering and for the 180-day 
period thereafter, is an intended beneficiary of this Section 14.


(b) No Amendment Without Consent of Underwriter. During the period from 
identification of a Lead Underwriter in connection with any public offering 
of the Companys Common Stock until the earlier of (i) the expiration of 
the lock-up period specified in Section 14(a) in connection with such 
offering or (ii) the abandonment of such offering by the Company and the 
Lead Underwriter, the provisions of this Section 14 may not be amended or 
waived except with the consent of the Lead Underwriter.


15. Code Section 409A Matters. This option is not intended to constitute 
nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 
409A, but rather is intended to be exempt from the application of Code 
Section 409A. To the extent that this option is nevertheless deemed to be 
subject to Code Section 409A for any reason, this option shall be 
interpreted in accordance with
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Code Section 409A and Department of Treasury regulations and other 
interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any 
such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date on 
which this option was granted (the Grant Date). Notwithstanding any 
provision herein to the contrary, in the event that following the Grant 
Date, the Administrator (as defined in the Plan) determines that this 
option may be or become subject to Code Section 409A, the Administrator may 
adopt such amendments to the Plan and/or this option or adopt other 
policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with 
retroactive effect), or take any other actions that the Administrator 
determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the Plan and/or this 
option from the application of Code Section 409A and/or preserve the 
intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to this 
option, or (b) comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. Any such 
action may include, but is not limited to, delaying payment, to the extent 
required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under 
Code Section 409A, to a Grantee who is a specified employee within the 
meaning of Code Section 409A to the first day following the six-month 
period (or, if earlier, the date of the Grantees death) on the date of the 
Grantees separation of service as defined in Code Section 409A. The 
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement the 
provisions of this Section 15 in good faith; provided that neither the 
Company, the Administrator nor any Employee, Director or representative of 
the Company or of any of its Affiliates shall have any liability to with 
respect to this Section 15. In the event this Option and or the Award is 
deemed to be nonqualified deferred compensation as defined in Code 
Section 409A, the value of such nonqualified deferred compensation could 
become taxable to Grantee, and Grantee agrees to assume and take full 
responsibility for any such tax consequences.


16. Entire Agreement: Governing Law. The Notice, the Plan and this Option 
Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior 
undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Grantee with respect to 
the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the 
Grantees interest except by means of a writing or writings (including an 
electronic or facsimile transmission) signed by the Company and the 
Grantee. Nothing in the Notice, the Plan or this Option Agreement (except 
as expressly provided therein) is intended to confer any rights or remedies 
on any persons other than the parties. The Notice, the Plan and this Option 
Agreement are to be construed in accordance with and governed by the 
internal laws of the State of Colorado without giving effect to any choice 
of law rule that would cause the application of the laws of any 
jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of Colorado to the 
rights and duties of the parties. Should any provision of the Notice, the 
Plan or this Option Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal 
or unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent 
allowed by law and the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective 
and shall remain enforceable.


17. Headings. The captions used in the Notice and this Option Agreement are 
inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed a part of the Option for 
construction or interpretation.


18. Dispute Resolution. The provisions of this Section 18 shall be the 
exclusive means of resolving disputes arising out of or relating to the 
Notice, the Plan and this Option Agreement. The Company, the Grantee and 
the Grantees assignees (the parties) shall attempt in good faith to 
resolve any disputes arising out of or relating to the Notice, the Plan and 
this Option Agreement by negotiation between individuals who have authority 
to settle the controversy. Negotiations shall be commenced by either party 
by notice of a written statement of the partys position and the name and 
title of the individual who will represent the party. Within thirty (30) 
days of the written notification, the parties shall meet at a mutually 
acceptable time and place, and thereafter as often as they reasonably deem 
necessary, to resolve the dispute. If the dispute is not resolved by 
negotiation within ninety (90) days of the written notification, the 
parties agree that any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to the Notice, the Plan or this Option Agreement shall be brought 
in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado (or should 
such court lack jurisdiction to hear such action, suit or proceeding, in a 
Colorado state court in Arapahoe County, Colorado) and that the parties 
shall submit to the jurisdiction of such court. The parties irrevocably 
waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection the party may 
have to the laying of venue for any such suit, action or proceeding brought 
in such court. The parties also expressly waive any right they have or may 
have to a jury trial of any such suit, action or proceeding. If any one or 
more provisions of this Section 18 shall for any reason be held invalid or 
unenforceable, it is the specific intent of the parties that such 
provisions shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or 
its application valid and enforceable.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
19. Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in 
writing and shall be deemed effectively given, (i) when delivered 
personally; (ii) when sent by facsimile, with written confirmation of 
receipt by the sending facsimile machine; (iii) when sent by electronic 
transmission, upon written confirmation of receipt by the receiving party; 
(iv) five business days after being sent by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (v) two business days after 
deposit with a private industry express courier, with written confirmation 
of receipt, addressed to the other party at its address as shown in these 
instruments, or to such other address as such party may designate in 
writing from time to time to the other party.
 
   	 	   	Signed: 	   	
Dated:                         	   	 	   	
 
   	
   	 	   	Grantee 	   	
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT A


ADA-ES AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


EXERCISE NOTICE


ADA-ES, Inc.
8100 SouthPark Way, Unit B
Littleton, CO 80120


Attention: Secretary


1. Effective as of today,                     , the undersigned (Grantee) 
hereby elects to exercise the Grantees option to purchase      shares of 
the Common Stock (the Shares) of ADA-ES, Inc. (the Company) under and 
pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, 
as amended from time to time (the Plan) and the [    ] Incentive [    ] 
Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (the Option Agreement) and 
Notice of Stock Option Award (the Notice) dated             ,             
. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have 
the same defined meanings in this Exercise Notice.


2. Representations of the Grantee. The Grantee acknowledges that the 
Grantee has received, read and understood the Notice, the Plan and the 
Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and 
conditions. Grantee further represents and warrants that: Grantee has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or that 
Grantee has employed a purchaser representative who has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters such that Grantee is capable 
of evaluating, either alone or together with such purchaser representative 
engaged by Grantee, the merits and risks of exercising the Option and 
owning the Shares; and (ii) that Grantee is acquiring the Shares subject to 
the Option for his or her own account and not with any present intention of 
selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock, unless the Shares are 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in which case 
Grantee will be free to immediately sell the Shares into any market which 
may exist therefor.


3. Rights as Shareholder. Until the stock certificate evidencing such 
Shares is issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the 
Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to 
vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist 
with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The 
Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such stock certificate promptly 
after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or 
other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock 
certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 10 of the Plan.


The Grantee shall enjoy rights as a shareholder until such time as the 
Grantee disposes of the Shares or the Company and/or its assignee(s) 
exercises the Right of First Refusal or the Repurchase Right. Upon such 
exercise, the Grantee shall have no further rights as a holder of the 
Shares so purchased except the right to receive payment for the Shares so 
purchased in accordance with the provisions of the Option Agreement, and 
the Grantee shall forthwith cause the certificate(s) evidencing the Shares 
so purchased to be surrendered to the Company for transfer or cancellation.


4. Shareholders Agreement. As a condition precedent to the exercise of the 
Option, the Grantee agrees to deliver to the Company an executed 
Shareholders Agreement in the form existing at the time of exercise of the 
Option (as modified by the Company in its discretion).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
5. Delivery of Payment. The Grantee herewith delivers to the Company the 
full Exercise Price for the Shares, which, to the extent selected, shall be 
deemed to be satisfied by use of the broker-dealer sale and remittance 
procedure to pay the Exercise Price provided in Section 4(d) of the Option 
Agreement.


6. Tax Consultation. The Grantee understands that the Grantee may suffer 
adverse tax consequences as a result of the Grantees purchase or 
disposition of the Shares. The Grantee represents that the Grantee has 
consulted with any tax consultants the Grantee deems advisable in 
connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that the 
Grantee is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.


7. Taxes. The Grantee agrees to satisfy all applicable federal, state and 
local income and employment tax withholding obligations and herewith 
delivers to the Company the full amount of such obligations or has made 
arrangements acceptable to the Company to satisfy such obligations. In the 
case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Grantee also agrees, as partial 
consideration for the designation of the Option as an Incentive Stock 
Option, to notify the Company in writing within thirty (30) days of any 
disposition of any shares acquired by exercise of the Option if such 
disposition occurs within two (2) years from the Date of Award or within 
one (1) year from the date the Shares were transferred to the Grantee. If 
the Company is required to satisfy any federal, state or local income or 
employment tax withholding obligations as a result of such an early 
disposition, the Grantee agrees to satisfy the amount of such withholding 
in a manner that the Administrator prescribes.


8. Restrictive Legends. The Grantee understands and agrees that unless the 
Shares are presently registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, the Company may cause the legends set forth below or legends 
substantially equivalent thereto, to be placed upon any certificate(s) 
evidencing ownership of the Shares together with any other legends that may 
be required by the Company or by state or federal securities laws:


THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS 
AND UNTIL REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL 
SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES, SUCH OFFER, SALE OR 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS IN COMPLIANCE THEREWITH.


9. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under 
this Exercise Notice to single or multiple assignees, and this agreement 
shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. 
Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Exercise 
Notice shall be binding upon the Grantee and his or her heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors and assigns.


10. Headings. The captions used in this Exercise Notice are inserted for 
convenience and shall not be deemed a part of this agreement for 
construction or interpretation.


11. Dispute Resolution. The provisions of Section 18 of the Option 
Agreement shall be the exclusive means of resolving disputes arising out of 
or relating to this Exercise Notice.


12. Governing Law; Severability. This Exercise Notice is to be construed in 
accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Colorado 
without giving effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the 
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of 
the State of Colorado to the rights and duties of the parties. Should any 
provision of this Exercise Notice be determined by a court of law to be 
illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest 
extent allowed by law and the other provisions shall nevertheless remain 
effective and shall remain enforceable.


13. Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in 
writing and shall be deemed effectively given (i) when delivered 
personally; (ii) when sent by facsimile, with written confirmation of 
receipt by the sending facsimile machine; (iii) when sent by electronic 
transmission, upon written confirmation of receipt by the receiving party; 
(iv) five business days after being sent by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (v) two business days after 
deposit with a private industry express courier, with written confirmation 
of receipt, addressed to the other party at its address as shown below 
beneath its signature, or to such other address as such party may designate 
in writing from time to time to the other party.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
14. Further Instruments. The parties agree to execute such further 
instruments and to take such further action as may be reasonably necessary 
to carry out the purposes and intent of this agreement.


15. Entire Agreement. The Notice, the Plan, the Option Agreement and 
Shareholders Agreement, if any, are incorporated herein by reference and 
together with this Exercise Notice constitute the entire agreement of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their 
entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the 
Grantee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified 
adversely to the Grantees interest except by means of a writing or 
writings (including an electronic or facsimile transmission) signed by the 
Company and the Grantee. Nothing in the Notice, the Plan, the Option 
Agreement and this Exercise Notice (except as expressly provided therein) 
is intended to confer any rights or remedies on any persons other than the 
parties.
 
Submitted by: 	   	 	   	 	   	Accepted by:
GRANTEE: 	   	 	   	 	   	ADA-ES, Inc., a Colorado corporation
   	 	   	 	   	By: 	   	                                                   
                                               
   	 	   	 	   	Title: 	   	
 
   	 	   	 	   	

(Signature)

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
Address: 	   	 	   	Address:
 
   	 	   	8100 SouthPark Way, Unit B
 
   	 	   	Littleton, CO 80120
   	 	   	
Email: 	   	                                                                
                                                 	   	 	   	
Facsimile: 	   	                                                            
                                               	   	 	   	
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
EXHIBIT B


ADA-ES AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT
 
GRANTEE: 	   	
 
COMPANY: 	   	ADA-ES, Inc.
SECURITY: 	   	COMMON STOCK
AMOUNT: 	   	
 
DATE: 	   	
 


    In connection with the purchase of the above-described securities (the 
Shares), the undersigned Grantee represents to the Company the following:


(a) Grantee is aware of the Companys business affairs and financial 
condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to 
reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Shares. Grantee 
is acquiring these Shares for investment for Grantees own account only and 
not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution 
thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act).


(b) Grantee acknowledges and understands that unless the Shares are 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act), the shares will constitute restricted securities under the 
Securities Act and will have not been registered under the Securities Act 
in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends 
upon among other things, the bona fide nature of Grantees investment 
intent as expressed herein. Grantee further understands that the Shares 
must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered under the 
Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Grantee 
further acknowledges and understands that the Company is under no 
obligation to register the Shares. Grantee understands that unless the 
Shares are registered under the Securities Act at the time of issuance, the 
certificate evidencing the Shares will be imprinted with a legend which 
prohibits the transfer of the Shares unless they are registered or such 
registration is not required in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the 
Company.


(c) Grantee is familiar with the provisions of Rule 144, each promulgated 
under the Securities Act, which, in substance, permit limited public resale 
of restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly from the issuer 
thereof, in a non-public offering subject to the satisfaction of certain 
conditions.


If the shares are not registered for resale under an effective registration 
statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the time 
of the exercise of the Option, then the Shares may be resold in certain 
limited circumstances subject to the provisions of Rule 144, which requires 
the resale to occur not less than one year after the later of the date the 
Shares were sold by the Company or the date the Shares were sold by an 
affiliate of the Company, within the meaning of Rule 144; and, in the case 
of acquisition of the Shares by an affiliate, or by a non-affiliate who 
subsequently holds the Shares less than two (2) years, the satisfaction of 
the conditions set forth in sections (1), (2), (3) and (4) of the paragraph 
immediately above.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d) Grantee further understands that if all of the applicable requirements 
of Rule 144 are not satisfied, that registration under the Securities Act, 
compliance with Regulation A or some other registration exemption will be 
required and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 144 is not exclusive, 
the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has expressed its 
opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement securities other 
than in a registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rules 144 will 
have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from 
registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons 
and their respective brokers who participate in such transactions do so at 
their own risk. Grantee understands that no assurances can be given that 
any such other registration exemption will be available in such event.
 
  	(e) 	Grantee represents that Grantee is a resident of the state of       
              .
 
Signature of Grantee:
 
 
[Print Name of Grantee] 	  	
Date: 	  	                    ,             
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT C


Addendum to the ADA-ES, Inc.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
Option Agreement


For California Residents Only


    This Addendum is intended to comply with Section 25102(o) of the 
California Corporations Code and any rules or regulations promulgated 
thereunder by the California Department of Corporations. Any provision of 
the Plan or any Option Agreement which is otherwise inconsistent with this 
Addendum or Section 25102(o) of the California Securities Code shall, 
without further act or amendment by the Company, be reformed to comply with 
Section 25102(o) of the California Securities Code. Both the Common Stock 
and the Options that are the subject of this Addendum if not yet qualified 
with the California Department of Corporations and not yet exempt from such 
qualification, are subject to such qualification, and the issuance of the 
Options prior to the qualification is unlawful unless such issuance is 
exempt. The rights of the Company and the Option holder with respect to 
Options that are the subject of this Addendum are expressly conditioned on 
such exemption being available.


In addition to those provisions set forth in the Plan, any Option Agreement 
and/or the Stockholders Agreement, Options granted to employees of the 
Company or an Affiliate resident in California (California Employees) 
will be subject to the following provisions:
 
  	1. 	Each California Employee will receive financial statements of the 
Company annually during the period such California Employee has Options 
outstanding. This requirement does not apply to California Employees who 
are key employees whose duties in connection with the Company or an 
Affiliate assure them access to equivalent information.
 
  	2. 	California Employees will have the right to exercise at least 20% of 
their Options per year over 5 years from the date the Options are granted, 
subject to reasonable conditions such as continued employment. However, in 
the case of Options granted to California Employees who are officers, 
directors, managers, or consultants of the Company or an Affiliate, the 
Options may become fully exercisable, subject to reasonable conditions such 
as continued employment, at any time or during any period established by 
the Company or an Affiliate.
 
  	3. 	Unless employment of a California Employee is terminated for cause 
under applicable law, the terms of the Plan, the Option Agreement, the 
Option grant or California Employees contract of employment, the right to 
exercise the California Employees Option in the event of termination of 
his or her employment, to the extent the California Employee is entitled to 
exercise such Option on the date his or her employment terminates, shall be 
as follows:
 
  	(i) 	Such Option may be exercised for at least 6 months from the date of 
such termination, if termination was caused by death or Disability.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  	(ii) 	Such Option may be exercised for at least 30 days from the date of 
such termination if termination was caused by other than death or 
Disability.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, such Option may not be exercised after the 
expiration of the stated period of the Option.
 
  	4. 	At the discretion of the Committee, the Company may reserve to 
itself and/or its assignee in the Option Agreement, or any other agreement 
with the California Employee, a right to repurchase Common Stock held by a 
California Employee or his or her transferee in the event of such 
California Employees termination of employment with the Company or an 
Affiliate at any time within 90 days after the date of such termination (or 
in the case of Common Stock issued upon exercise of an Option after such 
termination date, within 90 days after the date of such exercise) for cash 
or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at:
 
  	(A) 	no less than the Fair Market Value of such Common Stock as of the 
date of such termination of employment, provided that such right to 
repurchase Common Stock terminates when the common Stock has become 
publicly traded; or
 
  	(B) 	the Option holders original purchase price, provided that such 
right to repurchase Common Stock at the original purchase price lapses at 
the rate of at lease 20% of the Common Stock subject to the Option per year 
over 5 years from the date the Option is granted (without respect to the 
date the Option was exercised or became exercisable).


Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Common Stock held by a California 
Employee who is an officer, director, manager or consultant of the Company 
or an Affiliate may be subject to additional or greater restrictions than 
those set forth in this item 4 above.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


ADA-ES, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


[Preliminary Note: Language appearing in boldface and angle brackets in 
both the Notice and the Agreement refers to provisions that are electable, 
and the language must be reviewed and either included or removed, as 
appropriate, in the process of finalizing all agreements.]



NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AWARD
 

 Grantees Name and Address:

  	
_____________________________________________________________________________
  	
_____________________________________________________________________________
  	
_____________________________________________________________________________

You have been granted the right to purchase shares of Common Stock of the 
Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Restricted 
Stock Purchase Award (the Notice), under the ADA-ES, INC. Amended and 
Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the 
Plan) and the Restricted Stock Purchase Award Agreement (the Agreement) 
attached hereto, as follows. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms 
defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Notice.

 Award Number

  	

 _____________________________________________________________________________

 Grant Date

  	

 _____________________________________________________________________________

 Vesting Commencement Date

  	

 _____________________________________________________________________________

 Purchase Price per Share

  	

 _____________________________________________________________________________

 Total Number of Shares
 of Common Stock Awarded
  	

 _____________________________________________________________________________

 Total Purchase Price

  	

 _____________________________________________________________________________

 
Award Number 	  	
_________________________________________________________________________ 	
   	Vesting Schedule:


Subject to Grantees Continuous Service and other limitations set forth in 
this Notice, the Agreement and the Plan, the Shares will vest in 
accordance with the following schedule:

NOTE: CHOOSE ONE OF THE FOLLOWING ALTERNATIVES, OR SOME OTHER VESTING 
SCHEDULE. ANY INAPPLICABLE LANGUAGE SHOULD BE DELETED FOR FINALIZING THE 
DOCUMENTS FOR THE GRANT.

<25% of the Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Awarded shall vest 
twelve (12) months after the Vesting Commencement Date, and 1/48 of the 
Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Awarded shall vest each month 
thereafter until the Shares are fully vested.>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
<25% of the Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Awarded shall vest 
twelve (12) months after the Vesting Commencement Date, and an additional 
25% of the Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Awarded shall vest on 
each yearly anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date thereafter.>

<25% of the Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Awarded shall vest 
twelve (12) months after the Vesting Commencement Date, and 1/16 of the 
Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Awarded shall vest on each three (3) 
month anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date thereafter.>

<During any authorized leave of absence, the vesting of the Shares shall be 
suspended <after the leave of absence exceeds a period of <ninety (90)> 
days>. Vesting of the Shares shall resume upon the Grantees termination of 
the leave of absence and return to Continuous Service. The Vesting Schedule 
of the Shares shall be extended to the length of the suspension.>

<In the event of Grantees change in status from Employee or Director to 
Consultant, the vesting of the Shares shall continue only to the extent 
determined by the Administrator as of such change in status.>


For purposes of this Notice and the Agreement, the term vest shall mean, 
with respect to any Shares, that such Shares are no longer subject to 
repurchase at the Purchase Price per Share; provided, however, that such 
Shares shall remain subject to other restrictions on transfer set forth in 
the Agreement or the Plan. Shares that have not vested are deemed 
Restricted Shares. If the Grantee would become vested in a fraction of a 
Restricted Share, such Restricted Share shall not vest until the Grantee 
becomes vested in the entire Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Shares subject to this Notice will be subject to the provisions of the 
Agreement and Section 11 of the Plan relating to the release of repurchase 
and forfeiture provisions in the event of a Corporate Transaction or Change 
of Control.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this Notice 
and agree that the Award is to be governed by the terms and conditions of 
this Notice, the Plan, and the Agreement, and that signed copies of this 
Notice and the Agreement (including signed copies of Exhibits A, B and C 
thereto, as applicable) have been exchanged between the parties.
 
ADA-ES, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
THE GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SHARES SHALL VEST, IF AT ALL, 
ONLY DURING THE PERIOD OF GRANTEES CONTINUOUS SERVICE (NOT THROUGH THE ACT 
OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER). 
THE GRANTEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NOTHING IN THIS NOTICE, 
THE AGREEMENT, NOR IN THE PLAN, SHALL CONFER UPON THE GRANTEE ANY RIGHT 
WITH RESPECT TO CONTINUATION OF GRANTEES CONTINUOUS SERVICE, NOR SHALL IT 
INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THE GRANTEES RIGHT OR THE COMPANYS RIGHT TO 
TERMINATE GRANTEES CONTINUOUS SERVICE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, 
AND WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. THE GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT UNLESS THE 
GRANTEE HAS A WRITTEN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY TO THE 
CONTRARY, GRANTEES STATUS IS AT WILL.


The Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Agreement 
(including Exhibits A, B & C thereto) and represents that he or she is 
familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts the 
Award subject to all of the terms and provisions hereof and thereof. The 
Grantee has reviewed this Notice, the Agreement and the Plan in their 
entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to 
executing this Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Notice, 
the Agreement and the Plan. The Grantee hereby agrees that all disputes 
arising out of or relating to this Notice, the Plan and the Agreement shall 
be resolved in accordance with Section 21 of the Agreement. The Grantee 
further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence 
address indicated in this Notice.
 
Dated:                      	   	Signed: 	   	
______________________________________
   	Print Name: 	   	______________________________________

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
Award Number:                     


ADA-ES INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AWARD AGREEMENT


1. Purchase of Shares. ADA-ES INC., a Colorado corporation (the Company), 
hereby issues and sells to the Grantee (the Grantee) named in the Notice 
of Restricted Stock Purchase Award (the Notice), the Total Number of 
Shares of Common Stock Awarded set forth in the Notice (the Shares) for a 
Purchase Price per Share set forth in the Notice (the Total Purchase 
Price), subject to the Notice, this Restricted Stock Purchase Award 
Agreement (the Agreement) and the terms and provisions of the Companys 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to 
time (the Plan), which is incorporated herein by reference. Payment for 
the Shares in the amount of the Total Purchase Price set forth in the 
Notice shall be made to the Company upon execution of the Notice. Unless 
otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same 
defined meanings in this Agreement. All Shares sold hereunder will be 
deemed issued to the Grantee as fully paid and nonassessable shares, and 
the Grantee will have the right to vote the Shares at meetings of the 
Companys shareholders. The Company shall pay any applicable stock transfer 
taxes imposed upon the issuance of the Shares to the Grantee hereunder.


2. Method of Payment. Payment of the Total Purchase Price shall be by any 
of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Grantee; 
provided, however, that such payment method does not then violate an 
Applicable Law:
 
  	(a) 	cash;
 
  	(b) 	check; or
 
  	(c) 	<provided that the Total Purchase Price for the Shares being 
purchased exceeds <             thousand dollars ($        ,000)>, payment 
pursuant to a promissory note as described below.
 
  	(i) 	The promissory note shall have a term of              (    ) years 
with principal and interest payable in              (    ) equal annual 
installments;
 
  	(ii) 	The promissory note shall bear interest at the minimum rate 
required by the federal tax laws to avoid the imputation of >interest 
income to the Company and compensation income to the Grantee;
 
  	(iii) 	The Grantee shall be personally liable for payment of the 
promissory note and the promissory note shall be secured by the Shares 
purchased upon delivery of the promissory note, or such other collateral of 
equal or greater value, in a manner satisfactory to the Administrator with 
such documentation as the Administrator may request; and

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  	(iv) 	The promissory note shall become due and payable upon the 
occurrence of any or all of the following events: (A) the sale or >transfer 
of the Shares purchased with the promissory note; (B) termination of the 
Grantees Continuous Service for any reason other than death or disability; 
or (C) the first anniversary of the termination of the Grantees Continuous 
Service due to death or disability.>


NOTE: If the Company is going to extend credit, it must confirm that it 
complies with any applicable Federal Reserve requirements relating to the 
extension of credit>

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
3. Transfer Restrictions. The Shares sold to the Grantee hereunder may not 
be sold, transferred by gift, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise 
transferred or disposed of by the Grantee prior to the date when the Shares 
become vested pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice. Any 
attempt to transfer Restricted Shares in violation of this Section 3 will 
be null and void and will be disregarded. Before the Shares fully vest, the 
Shares will be subject to the Companys Repurchase Rights as set forth in 
Section 9 below.


4. Escrow of Stock. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the 
provisions of this Agreement, the Grantee agrees, immediately upon receipt 
of the certificate(s) for the Restricted Shares, to deliver such 
certificate(s), together with an Assignment Separate from Certificate in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, executed in blank by the Grantee and 
the Grantees spouse (if required for transfer) with respect to each such 
stock certificate, to the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, 
or their designee, to hold in escrow for so long as such Restricted Shares 
have not vested pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice 
and continue to be subject to the Companys Repurchase Rights, with the 
authority to take all such actions and to effectuate all such transfers 
and/or releases as may be necessary or appropriate to accomplish the 
objectives of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. The 
Grantee hereby acknowledges that the appointment of the Secretary or 
Assistant Secretary of the Company (or their designee) as the escrow holder 
hereunder with the stated authorities is a material inducement to the 
Company to make this Agreement and that such appointment is coupled with an 
interest and is accordingly irrevocable. The Grantee agrees that such 
escrow holder shall not be liable to any party hereto (or to any other 
party) for any actions or omissions unless such escrow holder is grossly 
negligent relative thereto. The escrow holder may rely upon any letter, 
notice or other document executed by any signature purported to be genuine 
and may resign at any time. Upon the vesting of all Restricted Shares and 
termination of the Companys <Right of First Refusal> <and Repurchase 
Right>, the escrow holder will, without further order or instruction, 
transmit to the Grantee the certificate evidencing such Shares, subject, 
however, to satisfaction of any withholding obligations provided in Section 
6 below, <and subject to the terms of any security agreement executed in 
connection with the purchase of the Shares by means of a promissory note>


5. Distributions. Except as set forth in Section 9(e), the Company shall 
disburse to the Grantee all dividends and other distributions paid or made 
in cash with respect to the Shares and Additional Securities (whether 
vested or not), less any applicable withholding obligations.


6. Section 83(b) Election and Withholding of Taxes. The Grantee shall 
provide the Administrator with a copy of any timely election made pursuant 
to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code or similar provision of state 
law (collectively, an 83(b) Election), a form of which is attached hereto 
as Exhibit B. If the Grantee makes a timely 83(b) Election, the Grantee 
shall immediately pay the Company the amount necessary to satisfy any 
applicable foreign, federal, state, and local income and employment tax 
withholding obligations. If the Grantee does not make a timely 83(b) 
Election, the Grantee shall, as Restricted Shares vest, or at the time 
withholding is otherwise required by any Applicable Law, pay the Company 
the amount necessary to satisfy any applicable foreign, federal, state, and 
local income and employment tax withholding obligations. The Grantee may 
satisfy his or her withholding obligations by authorizing the Company to 
transfer to the Company the number of vested Shares held in escrow that 
have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the withholding obligations. 
The Grantee hereby represents that he or she understands (a) the contents 
and requirements of the 83(b) Election, (b) the application of Section 
83(b) to the receipt of the Shares by the Grantee pursuant to this 
Agreement, (c) the nature of the election to be made by the Grantee under 
Section 83(b) and the consequences of either making or not making the 83(b) 
Election, and (d) the effect and requirements of the 83(b) Election under 
relevant state and local tax laws. The Grantee further represents that he 
or she intends OR does not intend to file an election pursuant to Section 
83(b) with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days following 
the date of this Agreement, and submit a copy of such election with his or 
her federal tax return for the calendar year in which the date of this 
Agreement falls.


[NOTE: Grantee must cross through the inapplicable language in the 
preceding paragraph, and initial here:                     .]


7. Additional Securities. Any securities received as the result of 
ownership of the Restricted Shares (the Additional Securities), 
including, but not by way of limitation, warrants, options and securities 
received as a stock dividend or stock split, or as a result of a 
recapitalization or reorganization or other similar change in the Companys 
capital structure, shall be retained in escrow in the same manner and 
subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Shares 
with respect to which they were

------------------------------------------------------------------------
issued, including, without limitation, the Vesting Schedule set forth in 
the Notice and the Companys Repurchase Rights. The Grantee shall be 
entitled to direct the Company to exercise any warrant, option or other 
right received as Additional Securities upon supplying the funds necessary 
to do so, in which event the securities so purchased shall constitute 
Additional Securities, but the Grantee may not direct the Company to sell 
any such warrant, option or right. If Additional Securities consist of a 
convertible security, the Grantee may exercise any conversion right, and 
any securities so acquired shall constitute Additional Securities. 
Appropriate adjustments to reflect the distribution of Additional 
Securities shall be made to the price per share to be paid upon the 
exercise of the Repurchase Right in order to reflect the effect of any such 
transaction upon the Companys capital structure. In the event of any 
change in certificates evidencing the Shares or the Additional Securities 
by reason of any recapitalization, reorganization or other transaction that 
results in the creation of Additional Securities, the escrow holder is 
authorized to deliver to the issuer the certificates evidencing the Shares 
or the Additional Securities in exchange for the certificates of the 
replacement securities.


8. Companys Repurchase Rights.

(a)(Grant of Repurchase Rights. The Company is hereby granted the right to 
repurchase all or any portion of the Shares that are Restricted Shares (the 
Repurchase Right) exercisable at any time during the period commencing on 
the date the Grantees Continuous Service terminates for any reason, with 
or without cause (including death or disability) (the Termination Date) 
and ending ninety (90) days after the first date on which the Repurchase 
Right may be exercised without incurring an accounting expense with respect 
to such exercise (the Share Repurchase Period).

(b) Exercise of the Repurchase Right. The Repurchase Right shall be 
exercisable by written notice delivered to the Grantee prior to the 
expiration of the Share Repurchase Period. The notice shall indicate the 
number of Shares to be repurchased and the date on which the repurchase is 
to be effected, such date to be not later than the last day of the Share 
Repurchase Period. On the date on which the repurchase is to be effected, 
the Company and/or its assigns shall pay to the Grantee in cash or cash 
equivalents (including the cancellation of any purchase-money indebtedness) 
for Restricted Shares being repurchased, the Purchase Price per Share 
previously paid by the Grantee to the Company for such Shares. Upon such 
payment to the Grantee or into escrow for the benefit of the Grantee, the 
Company and/or its assigns shall become the legal and beneficial owner of 
the Shares being repurchased and all rights and interest thereon or related 
thereto, and the Company shall have the right to transfer to its own name 
or its assigns the number of Shares being repurchased, without further 
action by the Grantee.

(c) Assignment. Whenever the Company shall have the right to purchase 
Shares under this Repurchase Right, the Company may designate and assign 
one or more employees, officers, directors or shareholders of the Company 
or other persons or organizations, to exercise all or a part of the 
Companys Repurchase Right.

(d) Termination of the Repurchase Right. The Repurchase Right shall 
terminate with respect to any Shares for which it is not timely exercised. 
In addition, the Repurchase Right shall terminate, and cease to be 
exercisable, with respect to all vested Shares upon the date on which such 
shares cease to be Restricted Shares.

(e) Corporate Transaction/ Change of Control. Immediately prior to the 
consummation of a Corporate Transaction described in Section 2(q)(i), (ii) 
or (iii) of the Plan or a Change of Control, the Repurchase Right as to all 
vested Shares shall automatically lapse in its entirety, except to the 
extent this Agreement is Assumed, in which case the Repurchase Right shall 
apply to the new capital stock or other property received in exchange for 
the vested Shares in consummation of the Corporate Transaction or Change of 
Control, but only to the extent the vested Shares are at the time covered 
by such right. The Repurchase Right as to Restricted Shares shall apply to 
the new capital stock or other property (including cash paid other than as 
a regular cash dividend) received in exchange for the Shares in 
consummation of the Corporate Transaction and such stock or property shall 
be deemed Additional Securities for purposes of this Agreement, but only to 
the extent the Shares are at the time covered by such Repurchase Right. 
Appropriate adjustments shall be made to the price per share payable upon 
exercise of the Repurchase Right to reflect the effect of the Corporate 
Transaction or Related Entity Disposition.

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
<NOTE: This section does not contemplate the termination of the Repurchase 
Right for unvested Shares upon a Corporate Transaction or Related Entity 
Disposition. If the Repurchase Right for unvested Shares were to terminate 
on an acquisition, the Award is in effect accelerated, in that the 
Grantee would receive full consideration for the shares on a Corporate 
Transaction although the vesting time periods have not elapsed. 
Consideration should be given to whether either of the following provisions 
should be added to all agreements or to agreements for specific 
individuals. <To the extent that this Agreement will not be Assumed, the 
Repurchase Right as to such Restricted Shares shall automatically lapse.> 
Another possibility is to give the Company the option to repurchase the 
unvested Shares (at the Exercise Price per Share for the unvested Shares) 
in a Corporate Transaction if the Agreement is not Assumed. [Such a 
provision would mean that the Grantee only receives the acquisition 
consideration for the vested shares and results in the Grantee receiving 
the consideration that he would have received if he had vested options 
rather than purchased shares.] <To the extent that this Agreement is not 
Assumed, the Company shall have the Repurchase Right as to such Restricted 
Shares pursuant to Section 9(a) of this Agreement, except that the Share 
Repurchase Period shall be the sixty (60) day period immediately preceding 
the consummation of the Corporate Transaction or Related Entity 
Disposition.>


9. Stop-Transfer Notices. In order to ensure compliance with the 
restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement, the Notice or the 
Plan, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its 
transfer agent, if any, and, if the Company transfers its own securities, 
it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records.


10. Refusal to Transfer. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer 
on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in 
violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as 
owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any 
purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so 
transferred.


11. Restrictive Legends. Grantee understands and agrees that the Company 
may cause the legends set forth below or legends substantially equivalent 
thereto, to be placed upon any certificate(s) evidencing ownership of the 
Shares, as applicable, together with any other legends that may be required 
by the Company or by state or federal securities laws:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ACT) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED 
UNDER THE ACT OR, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER OF 
THESE SECURITIES, SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS 
IN COMPLIANCE THEREWITH.

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN 
RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, A REPURCHASE RIGHT HELD BY THE ISSUER OR ITS 
ASSIGNEE(S) AS SET FORTH IN THE RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN 
THE ISSUER AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THESE SHARES, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE 
OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER SUCH TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
AND REPURCHASE RIGHT ARE BINDING ON TRANSFEREES OF THESE SHARES.


12. Lock-Up Agreement.

(a) Agreement. Grantee, if such person is an officer, director or owner of 
greater than 5% of the Common Stock of the Company at such time (including, 
for purposes of determining stock ownership, shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon exercise of options or warrants, or conversion of securities 
convertible into shares of Common Stock), and if requested by the Company 
and the lead underwriter of any public offering of the Common Stock or 
other securities of the Company (the Lead Underwriter), hereby 
irrevocably agrees not to sell, contract to sell, grant any option to 
purchase, transfer the economic risk of ownership in, make any short sale 
of, pledge or otherwise transfer or dispose of any interest in any Common 
Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for 
or any other rights to purchase or acquire Common Stock (except Common 
Stock included in such

------------------------------------------------------------------------
public offering or acquired on the public market after such offering) 
during the 180-day period following the effective date of a registration 
statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, or such shorter period of time as the Lead Underwriter shall 
specify. Grantee further agrees to sign such documents as may be requested 
by the Lead Underwriter to effect the foregoing and agrees that the Company 
may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to such Common Stock 
subject until the end of such period. The Company and Grantee acknowledge 
that each Lead Underwriter of a public offering of the Companys stock, 
during the period of such offering and for the 180-day period thereafter, 
is an intended beneficiary of this Section 13.


(b) No Amendment Without Consent of Underwriter. During the period from 
identification as a Lead Underwriter in connection with any public offering 
of the Companys Common Stock until the earlier of (i) the expiration of 
the lock-up period specified in Section 13(a) in connection with such 
offering or (ii) the abandonment of such offering by the Company and the 
Lead Underwriter, the provisions of this Section 13 may not be amended or 
waived except with the consent of the Lead Underwriter.


12. Grantees Representations. In the event the Shares purchasable pursuant 
to this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, at the time of purchase, the Grantee shall, if required 
by the Company, concurrently with the purchase of the Shares, deliver to 
the Company his or her Investment Representation Statement in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit C.


13. Transferability. No benefit payable under, or interest in, this 
Agreement or in the shares of Common Stock that are scheduled to be issued 
hereunder shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, 
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge and any such attempted 
action shall be void and no such benefit or interest shall be, in any 
manner, liable for, or subject to, your or your beneficiarys debts, 
contracts, liabilities or torts; provided, however, nothing in this Section 
14 shall prevent transfer (i) by will, (ii) by applicable laws of descent 
and distribution or (iii) to an Alternate Payee to the extent that a QDRO 
so provides, as further described in Section 20 of the Plan.


14. No Contract for Employment. This Agreement is not an employment or 
service contract and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create in 
any way whatsoever any obligation of the Grantee to continue in the employ 
or service of the Company, or of the Company to continue to employ Grantee.


15. Applicability of Plan. This Agreement is subject to all the provisions 
of the Plan, which provisions are hereby made a part of this Agreement, and 
is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and 
regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant 
to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this 
Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.


16. No Compensation Deferral. This Award is not intended to constitute 
nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 
409A, but rather is intended to be exempt from the application of Code 
Section 409A. To the extent that the Award is nevertheless deemed to be 
subject to Code Section 409A for any reason, this Award shall be 
interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and Department of Treasury 
regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including 
without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be 
issued after the Grant Date. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the 
contrary, in the event that following the Grant Date, the Administrator (as 
defined in the Plan) determines that the Award may be or become subject to 
Code Section 409A, the Administrator may adopt such amendments to the Plan 
and/or this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including 
amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any 
other actions, that the Administrator determines are necessary or 
appropriate to (a) exempt the Plan and/or the Award from the application of 
Code Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the 
benefits provided with respect to this option, or (b) comply with the 
requirements of Code Section 409A. Any such action may include, but is not 
limited to, delaying payment, to the extent required in order to avoid 
accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Code Section 409A, to a 
Grantee who is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 
409A to the first day following the six-month period (or, if earlier, the 
date of the Grantees death) on the date of the Grantees separation of 
service as defined in Code Section 409A. The Company shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to implement the provisions of this Section 
17 in good faith; provided that neither the Company, the Administrator nor 
any Employee, Director or representative of the Company or of any of its 
Affiliates shall have any liability to with respect to this Section 17.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
17. Acknowledgement. By electing to accept this Agreement, you acknowledge 
receipt of this Agreement and hereby confirm your understanding that the 
terms set forth in this Agreement constitute, subject to the terms of the 
Plan, which terms shall control in the event of any conflict between the 
Plan and this Agreement, the entire agreement and understanding of the 
parties with respect to the matters contained herein and supersede any and 
all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, both oral and 
written, between the parties concerning the subject matter of this 
Agreement. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any 
documents related to Units awarded under the Plan or future Units that may 
be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request your consent to 
participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive 
such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan 
through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the 
Company or another third party designated by the Company.


18. Entire Agreement: Governing Law. The Notice, the Plan and this 
Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior 
undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Grantee with respect to 
the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the 
Grantees interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and 
the Grantee. These agreements are to be construed in accordance with and 
governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving 
effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of the 
laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware to the rights and duties of the parties. Should any provision of 
the Notice or this Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal 
or unenforceable, the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective 
and shall remain enforceable.


19. Headings. The captions used in this Agreement are inserted for 
convenience and shall not be deemed a part of this Agreement for 
construction or interpretation.


20. Dispute Resolution The provisions of this Section 21 shall be the 
exclusive means of resolving disputes arising out of or relating to the 
Notice, the Plan and this Agreement. The Company, the Grantee, and the 
Grantees assignees (the parties) shall attempt in good faith to resolve 
any disputes arising out of or relating to the Notice, the Plan and this 
Agreement by negotiation between individuals who have authority to settle 
the controversy. Negotiations shall be commenced by either party by notice 
of a written statement of the partys position and the name and title of 
the individual who will represent the party. Within thirty (30) days of the 
written notification, the parties shall meet at a mutually acceptable time 
and place, and thereafter as often as they reasonably deem necessary, to 
resolve the dispute. If the dispute has not been resolved by negotiation, 
the parties agree that any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to the Notice, the Plan or this Agreement shall be brought in the 
Courts of the State of Colorado, and the parties shall submit to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. The parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, any objection the party may have to the laying of 
venue for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court. THE 
PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY 
TRIAL OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. If any one or more provisions 
of this Section 17 shall for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable, 
it is the specific intent of the parties that such provisions shall be 
modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or its application 
valid and enforceable.


21. Compliance with Laws. Notwithstanding anything contained in this 
Agreement or the Plan, the Company may not take any actions hereunder, and 
no award shall be granted, that would violate the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Act), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
the Code, or any other securities or tax or other applicable law or 
regulation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 
shares issuable upon vesting shall not be issued unless such shares are 
then registered under the Act, or, if such shares are not then so 
registered, the Company has determined that such vesting and issuance would 
be exempt from the registration requirements of the Act.


22. Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in 
writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon personal delivery or 
upon deposit in the United States mail by certified mail (if the parties 
are within the United States) or upon deposit for delivery by an 
internationally recognized express mail courier service (for international 
delivery of notice), with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other 
party at its address as shown beneath its signature in the Notice, or to 
such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time 
to the other party.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Signature of Grantee: 	  	
 
 
[Printed Name of Grantee] 	  	
Date: 	  	                     ,         
ADA-ES, Inc.:
By: 	  	
 
[Printed Name and Title of Officer]
Date: 	  	                     ,         

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A


STOCK ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE


[Please sign this document but do not date it. The date and information of 
the transferee will be completed if and when the shares are assigned.]


FOR VALUE RECEIVED,                          hereby sells, assigns and 
transfers unto                     ,                     (            ) 
shares of the Common Stock of ADA-ES, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the 
Company), standing in his name on the books of, the Company represented 
by Certificate No.              herewith, and does hereby irrevocably 
constitute and appoint the Secretary of the Company attorney to transfer 
the said stock in the books of the Company with full power of substitution.



DATED:                     


                                                                            
              


The undersigned spouse of                      joins in this assignment.


Dated:                     
 
 
  	
(Spouse of                                                  ) 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT B


ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b)
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986


The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to the Internal Revenue 
Code, to include in gross income for 20     the amount of any compensation 
taxable in connection with the taxpayers receipt of the property described 
below:
 
1. 	The name, address, taxpayer identification number and taxable year of 
the undersigned are:

    TAXPAYERS NAME:

    SPOUSES NAME:

    TAXPAYERS SOCIAL SECURITY NO.:

    SPOUSES SOCIAL SECURITY NO.:

    TAXABLE YEAR: Calendar Year 20    

    ADDRESS:
 
2. 	The property which is the subject of this election is      shares of 
common stock of ADA-ES, Inc.
 
3. 	The property was transferred to the undersigned on             , 20    
.
 
4. 	The property is subject to the following restrictions.
 
5. 	The fair market value of the property at the time of transfer 
(determined without regard to any restriction other than a restriction 
which by its terms will never lapse) is:
$         per share x      shares = $        .
 
6. 	The undersigned paid $         per share x      shares for the property 
transferred or a total of $        .


The undersigned has submitted a copy of this statement to the person for 
whom the services were performed in connection with the undersigneds 
receipt of the above-described property. The undersigned taxpayer is the 
person performing the services in connection with the transfer of said 
property.


The undersigned will file this election with the Internal Revenue Service 
office to which he files his annual income tax return not later than 30 
days after the date of transfer of the property. A copy of the election 
also will be furnished to the person for whom the services were performed. 
Additionally, the undersigned will include a copy of the election with his 
income tax return for the taxable year in which the property is 
transferred. The undersigned understands that this election will also be 
effective as an election under              law.
 
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	   	
 
  	 	  	 	   	Taxpayer
The undersigned spouse of taxpayer joins in this election. 	  	 	   	
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	   	
 
  	 	  	 	   	Spouse of Taxpayer

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT C


ADA-ES, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT
 

 GRANTEE

  	

 :

   	
 
   	
COMPANY 	  	: 	   	
 
   	
SECURITY 	  	: 	   	COMMON STOCK 	   	
AMOUNT 	  	: 	   	
 
   	
DATE 	  	: 	   	
 
   	


    In connection with the purchase of the above-listed Securities, the 
undersigned Grantee represents to the Company the following:


(a) Grantee is aware of the Companys business affairs and financial 
condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to 
reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. 
Grantee is acquiring these Securities for investment for Grantees own 
account only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any 
distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act).


(b) Grantee acknowledges and understands that the Securities constitute 
restricted securities under the Securities Act and have not been 
registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption 
therefrom, which exemption depends upon among other things, the bona fide 
nature of Grantees investment intent as expressed herein. In this 
connection, Grantee understands that, in the view of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, the statutory basis for such exemption may be 
unavailable if Grantees representation was predicated solely upon a 
present intention to hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains 
period specified under tax statutes, for a deferred sale, for or until an 
increase or decrease in the market price of the Securities, or for a period

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of one year or any other fixed period in the future. Grantee further 
understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless they are 
subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such 
registration is available. Grantee further acknowledges and understands 
that the Company is under no obligation to register the Securities. Grantee 
understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities will be 
imprinted with a legend which prohibits the transfer of the Securities 
unless they are registered or such registration is not required in the 
opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company.


(c) Grantee is familiar with the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under 
the Securities Act, which, in substance, permit limited public resale of 
restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly from the issuer 
thereof, in a non-public offering subject to the satisfaction of certain 
conditions. The Securities may be resold in certain limited circumstances 
subject to the provisions of Rule 144, which requires the resale to occur 
not less than one year after the later of the date the Securities were sold 
by the Company or the date the Securities were sold by an affiliate of the 
Company, within the meaning of Rule 144; and, in the case of acquisition of 
the Securities by an affiliate, or by a non-affiliate who subsequently 
holds the Securities less than two years, (1) the resale being made through 
a broker in an unsolicited brokers transaction or in transactions 
directly with a market maker (as said term is defined under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934); and, in the case of an affiliate, (2) the 
availability of certain public information about the Company, (3) the 
amount of Securities being sold during any three month period not exceeding 
the limitations specified in Rule 144(e), and (4) the timely filing of a 
Form 144, if applicable. Other restrictions may also apply to sales of the 
Securities, and Grantee understands that the Securities may not be readily 
resold, and that delays may occur in selling the Securities, even if they 
are eligible for sale under Rule 144.


(d) Grantee further understands that in the event all of the applicable 
requirements of Rule 144 are not satisfied, registration under the 
Securities Act, compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration 
exemption will be required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 
144 is not exclusive, the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement 
securities other than in a registered offering and otherwise than pursuant 
to Rule 144 will have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an 
exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales, and that 
such persons and their respective brokers who participate in such 
transactions do so at their own risk. Grantee understands that no 
assurances can be given that any such other registration exemption will be 
available in such event, and that the Securities may not be salable by 
Grantee.


(e) Grantee represents that he is a resident of the State of                
         .
 
Signature of Grantee:
 
 
[Print Name]
Date:
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
ADA-ES, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 