 EX-10.2 3 dex102.htm AGREEMENT FOR SALE AND PURCHASE OF PROPERTY



 
Exhibit 10.2


AGREEMENT FOR SALE AND PURCHASE OF PROPERTY


This AGREEMENT FOR SALE AND PURCHASE OF PROPERTY (this Agreement) is made 
and entered into as of this 31st day of March, 2010, by and between DAKOTA 
HILL PROPERTIES, A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (the Seller), and KBS REALTY 
ADVISORS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Buyer). The 
current address of each party is set forth in Section 16 below.


In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, 
agree as follows:


Section 1.        Definitions.    For purposes of this Agreement, each of 
the following terms, when used herein with an initial capital letter, shall 
have the meaning ascribed to it as follows:
 
  	(a) 	Building.  The buildings located on the Land.
 
  	(b) 	Buyers Broker.  None; Buyer is not represented by a broker in this 
transaction.
 
  	(c) 	Closing.  The closing and consummation of the purchase and the sale 
of the Property pursuant hereto.
 
  	(d) 	Closing Agent.  Stewart Title of Colorado, Inc., 50 South Steele 
Street, Suite 600, Denver, CO 80209, Attn: Carma Weymouth & Brianna Hern, 
which shall also act as escrow agent pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement.
 
  	(e) 	Closing Date.  The date on which the Closing occurs as provided in 
Section 10 hereof.
 
  	(f) 	Code.  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
  	(g) 	Contract Date.  The date upon which this Agreement shall be deemed 
effective, which shall be the date first above written.
 
  	(h) 	Debt.  The debt of Seller to Lender relating to the Property. The 
Debt was originally incurred on February 1, 2010. The original principal 
balance of the Debt was $23,475,000.00. The scheduled maturity date of the 
Debt is February 1, 2017. The documents evidencing the Debt (collectively, 
the Loan Documents) will be delivered to Buyer pursuant to Section 6.1 
below.
 
  	(i) 	Deed.  The statutory warranty deed to be executed by Seller, in 
form reasonably approved by Buyer, Seller, and the Title Company.
 
  	(j) 	Due Diligence Documents.  The documents and information set forth 
on Exhibit 2, to be provided to Buyer by Seller pursuant to Section 6.1 
below.
 
  	(k) 	

Environmental Laws.  Any applicable statute, code, enactment, ordinance, 
rule, regulation, permit, consent, approval, authorization, license, 
judgment, order, writ, common law rule (including, but not limited to, the 
common law respecting nuisance and tortious liability), decree, injunction, 
or other requirement having

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

the force and effect of law, whether local, state, territorial or national, 
at any time in force or effect relating to: (i) emissions, discharges, 
spills, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Substances into 
ambient air, surface water, ground water, watercourses, publicly or 
privately owned treatment works, drains, sewer systems, wetlands, septic 
systems or onto land; (ii) the use, treatment, storage, disposal, handling, 
manufacturing, transportation or shipment of Hazardous Substances; (iii) 
the regulation of storage tanks or sewage disposal systems; or (iv) 
otherwise relating to pollution or the protection of human health or the 
environment.

 
  	(l) 	Hazardous Substances.  All substances, wastes, pollutants, 
contaminants and materials regulated, or defined or designated as 
hazardous, extremely or imminently hazardous, dangerous, or toxic, under 
the following federal statutes and their state counterparts, including any 
implementing regulations: the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601 et seq.; the Federal 
Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136 et seq.; the 
Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 2011 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials 
Transportation Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 1801 et seq.; or any other federal, state, 
or municipal statute, law or ordinance regulating or otherwise dealing with 
or affecting materials deemed dangerous or hazardous to human health or the 
environment; with petroleum and petroleum products including crude oil and 
any fractions thereof; with asbestos; and with natural gas, synthetic gas, 
and any mixtures thereof.
 
  	(m) 	Improvements.  The Building and any other structures, sidewalks, 
drives, parking lots, landscaping and improvements located upon the Land, 
including all systems, facilities, fixtures, machinery, equipment and 
conduits to provide fire protection, security, heat, exhaust, ventilation, 
air conditioning, electrical power, light, plumbing, refrigeration, gas, 
sewer, and water thereto (including all replacements or additions thereto 
between the Contract Date and the Closing Date).
 
  	(n) 	Intangible Property.  Sellers assignable interest, if any, to: all 
copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights 
whatsoever in the software and content (including, without limitation, the 
text, graphics, artwork, photographs, Project floor plans, and virtual 
tours) of the website currently located at www.dakotahillapts.com (the 
Property Website), all versions and configurations of all object code and 
source code associated with the Property Website, any and all domain names 
related to the Property, and all intellectual property license agreements 
related thereto, as well as any third party development, integration, 
maintenance, hosting and support services agreements related to the 
Property Website (which shall be included in Service Contracts as 
hereinafter defined); trademarks, copyrights and/or licenses associated 
with the Property; claims relating to warranties, claims relating to 
construction, maintenance, design or installation of the Improvements; 
plans, specifications, drawings, warranties, permits, and licenses relating 
solely to the Property; and the right to use the tradename Dakota Hill 
Apartments.
 
  	(o) 	

Land.  The tract or parcel of land described in Exhibit 1, and all 
privileges, rights, easements, hereditaments, rights of way, oil rights, 
gas rights, riparian and

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

water rights, mineral rights, airspace rights, development rights and 
appurtenances thereto belonging.

 
  	(p) 	Leases.  All leases and other agreements granting third parties 
rights of possession or occupancy of the Property or any part thereof.
 
  	(q) 	Lender.  CBRE Capital Markets, Inc., a Texas corporation, the 
lending institution to which the Debt is currently owed.
 
  	(r) 	Operating Expenses.  Utility charges (including without limitation 
water, electricity, sewer, gas, and telephone), Taxes, special assessments, 
operation expenses, maintenance expenses, fees paid or payable under any 
licenses and permits in respect to the Property, and any other recurring 
costs or expenses relating or pertaining to the Property.
 
  	(s) 	Personal Property.  The personal property located at the Property, 
together with all replacements or additions thereto between the Contract 
Date and the Closing Date, including but not limited to, those items listed 
on Exhibit 1(s) attached hereto.
 
  	(t) 	Property.  All of Sellers right, title and interest in, to and 
under the following: (i) the Land; (ii) the Improvements; (iii) the Leases; 
(iv) the Personal Property and (v) the Intangible Property.
 
  	(u) 	Prorate.  The division of income and expenses of the Property 
between Seller and Buyer based on their respective periods of ownership 
during 2010 and as of 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date.
 
  	(v) 	Rent.  All (i) rent payable by Tenants pursuant to the Leases, (ii) 
garage, parking and storage revenue, and (iii) other income generated by or 
otherwise derived from the Property.
 
  	(w) 	Security Deposits.  Any and all security deposits under the Leases, 
including any accrued interest as required by contract or applicable law, 
that have not been properly applied pursuant to the Leases and applicable 
law toward Tenant defaults as of Closing.
 
  	(x) 	Sellers Broker.  CB Richard Ellis, Inc., a Delaware corporation, 
who is representing Seller in this transaction. Buyer acknowledges that 
Sellers Broker is an affiliate of Lender.
 
  	(y) 	Service Contracts.  All of the service contracts that relate or 
pertain to the Property, or the operation or maintenance thereof, including 
without limitation those listed on Exhibit 1(y) attached hereto.
 
  	(z) 	Taxes.  All general real estate (including special assessments), ad 
valorem, sales, and personal property taxes assessed against the Property.
 
  	(aa) 	Tenants.  The tenants under the Leases.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  	(bb) 	Title Commitment.    A commitment for a Texas form T-1 Owners 
Title Insurance Policy for the Property, issued by the Title Company in the 
full amount of the Consideration, agreeing to insure title to the Property 
on or after the Contract Date, showing Seller as owner of the Property, and 
indicating the conditions upon which the Title Company will issue full 
extended coverage over all general title exceptions contained in such 
policies, and including such endorsements as Buyer may require.
 
  	(cc) 	Title Company.    Stewart Title Guaranty Company, 50 South Steele 
Street, Suite 600, Denver, CO 80209, Attn: Brianna Hern. The parties agree 
that the Title Company shall issue the Title Commitment and the Title 
Policy.


Section 2.        Agreement to Sell and to Purchase.  Subject to and in 
accordance with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof, Seller agrees 
to sell the Property to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to purchase the Property 
from Seller.


Section 3.        Earnest Money.  Within 2 business days after the Contract 
Date, Buyer will deposit with the Closing Agent the cash sum of 
$500,000.00 (as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 10.1 
below, and including any accrued interest, the Earnest Money). The 
Earnest Money shall be held by the Closing Agent until disbursed as set 
forth in this Agreement. Buyer shall execute and deliver any appropriate 
W-9 forms requested by the Closing Agent. If Buyer acquires the Property, 
the Earnest Money shall be paid to Seller and applied as a credit against 
the Consideration. If all of the conditions precedent set forth in this 
Agreement are not met or resolved to the satisfaction of Buyer, or Buyer 
terminates this Agreement as expressly permitted pursuant to the provisions 
hereof, the Earnest Money shall be returned by the Closing Agent to Buyer 
without further instruction from Seller. If all of the conditions precedent 
set forth in this Agreement have been satisfied or waived by Buyer, and 
Buyer is obligated to purchase the Property pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement and thereafter Buyer defaults on its obligation to acquire the 
Property pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and Seller is not 
otherwise in material default, then the Earnest Money shall be delivered to 
Seller and shall be retained by Seller as liquidated damages. If there is a 
dispute between Buyer and Seller as to the distribution of the Earnest 
Money, or if for any other reason the Closing Agent in good faith elects 
not to make any such disbursement, the Closing Agent shall continue to hold 
the Earnest Money until otherwise directed by written instructions executed 
both by Seller and Buyer, or by a final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction. Upon request, Buyer and Seller shall execute Closing Agents 
standard earnest money escrow agreement in form reasonably acceptable to 
Buyer and Seller; provided, however, that if there is any conflict or 
inconsistency between such escrow agreement and this Agreement, then this 
Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary in 
this Agreement, the only circumstance under which Seller shall be entitled 
to receive the Deposit if Closing fails to occur is if Buyer fails to 
purchase the Property when it is obligated to do so under this Agreement. 
In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
$100.00 of the Earnest Money is earned by Seller in consideration of the 
rights granted to Buyer under Section 6 hereof and shall be in all events 
non-refundable to Buyer.


Section 4.        Consideration and Prorations.


4.1        Consideration.  The Consideration shall be the sum of 
$36,100,000.00, subject to the prorations and allocations provided for 
herein, which shall be added or subtracted as the case may be. The 
principal balance of the Debt, to the extent assumed by Buyer pursuant to 
Section 4.4 below, shall be a credit toward the Consideration. The balance 
of the

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consideration shall be paid by Buyer to Seller at Closing through escrow by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds.
 
  	4.2 	Prorations.
 
  	(a) 	General. Seller and Buyer shall make the prorations set forth in 
this section, as a credit or debit to the Consideration. For purposes of 
calculating prorations, Buyer shall be deemed to be in title to the 
Property, and therefore entitled to the income therefrom and responsible 
for the expenses thereof, for the entire day upon which the Closing occurs. 
All prorations shall be made on the basis of the actual number of days of 
the year and month that shall have elapsed prior to the Closing Date.
 
  	(b) 	Rent. The parties shall Prorate all Rent other than Delinquent Rent 
(which is defined and covered in Section 4.2(e) below). At Closing, to the 
extent actually received by Seller prior to Closing, Seller shall pay to 
Buyer any and all prepaid Rent relating or pertaining to the Property. If 
Seller receives payment for Rent after Closing, Seller shall immediately 
pay to Buyer the portion of such payment which relates to the period on and 
after the Closing Date, and any portion of such payment which relates to 
the period prior to Closing which was credited to Seller at Closing.
 
  	(c) 	Taxes. The parties shall Prorate all Taxes payable for 2010, on a 
calendar year basis, utilizing the actual final tax bills for the Property 
for 2009. Said taxes payable for 2010 shall not be subject to adjustment or 
re-proration. Seller shall pay all Taxes for years prior to 2010, and shall 
upon request furnish evidence of such payment to Buyer and the Title 
Company. If after Closing either party receives a refund of any Taxes that 
were prorated pursuant to this Agreement, then the parties shall equitably 
share the refund. Regarding special assessments, it is the intent of the 
parties to Prorate any installments of special assessments that are payable 
in 2010, and that Buyer shall be solely responsible for all remaining 
future installments of any such special assessments.
 
  	(d) 	Operating Expenses and Service Contracts. Except for Taxes, which 
are covered by Section 4.2(c) above, the parties shall Prorate all 
Operating Expenses. To the extent not already prorated as Operating 
Expenses, the parties shall also Prorate amounts paid or payable under the 
Surviving Service Contracts. The prorations under this subsection shall be 
based on actual invoices if reasonably possible. If actual invoices are not 
available in advance of Closing, then the prorations shall be calculated 
based on Sellers and Buyers good faith estimates thereof.
 
  	(e) 	

Delinquent Rent. For purposes of this Section 4.2, Delinquent Rent shall 
mean any Rent that, under the terms of the applicable Lease, was past due 
as of the Closing Date, and which has not been received in good funds by 
Seller on or prior to the Closing Date. Delinquent Rent shall not be 
accrued or prorated at Closing. Any Delinquent Rent that is received by 
Buyer within 90 days after the Closing Date shall be paid to Seller; 
provided, however, that all Rent collected after the Closing Date shall be 
applied first to payment of all Rent due Buyer from the applicable Tenant 
and second to all Delinquent Rent due to Seller. For 90 days following 
Closing, Buyer shall use good faith commercially reasonable

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

efforts to collect any Delinquent Rent, provided that Buyer shall not be 
required to commence any legal proceedings or to terminate any Lease in 
connection with such efforts. If Buyer commences any action or proceeding 
against any Tenant and as a result thereof collects any Delinquent Rent 
which Buyer is required to remit to Seller, Buyer shall be entitled to 
deduct and retain a portion of the amount collected which is equal to the 
reasonable third party expenses incurred by Buyer in connection with the 
collection of any such Delinquent Rent. Buyer shall not waive any 
Delinquent Rent or modify or amend any Lease so as to reduce the Delinquent 
Rent owed by the Tenant for any period in which Seller is entitled to 
receive such Delinquent Rent, without first obtaining Sellers written 
consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned).

 
  	(f) 	Proration Statement.  As soon as reasonably possible prior to 
Closing, Seller and Buyer shall work together in good faith to prepare a 
joint statement of the prorations required by this Section (Proration 
Statement), and shall deliver the Proration Statement to the Closing Agent 
for use in preparing the final settlement statement.
 
  	(g) 	Post-Closing Reconciliation.  As soon as reasonably possible after 
Closing, but in no event more than 60 days after Closing, the parties shall 
work in good faith to complete a reconciliation (Reconciliation) of all 
prorations other than Taxes. If there is an error on the Proration 
Statement used at Closing or, if after the actual figures are available as 
to any items that were estimated on the Proration Statement, then the 
proration or apportionment shall be adjusted based on the actual figures. 
Either party owing the other party a sum of money based on the 
Reconciliation shall pay said sum to the other party within 5 business days 
of the completion of the Reconciliation.


4.3        Security Deposits.  The Security Deposits and any interest due 
thereon pursuant to the Leases shall be credited to the Consideration at 
Closing. Buyer shall assume responsibility for such assigned Security 
Deposits and shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from any loss 
or damage that Seller suffers due to a claim by Tenant for any such 
Security Deposits, to the extent that the Security Deposits in dispute were 
actually credited by Seller to Buyer.


4.4        Debt Assumption.  Provided Lender has consented to Buyers 
assumption of the Debt on terms acceptable to Buyer in its sole and 
absolute discretion (the Lenders Consent), Buyer shall assume the Debt 
and shall take title to the Property at Closing subject to the Debt. Seller 
shall pay all accrued interest on the Debt through the day of Closing. 
Buyer shall pay all costs and expenses associated with the loan assumption, 
including without limitation all application fees, review fees, lender 
legal fees, and any applicable assumption fees or prepayment penalties. 
Buyer shall coordinate the loan assumption application. Seller shall 
provide all reasonable non-monetary cooperation necessary to facilitate the 
completion, submission, and approval of Buyers assumption of the Debt. 
Seller shall not be obligated to close this transaction unless Lender 
releases Seller (and all guarantors and indemnitors, if any) from any and 
all further liability on the Debt on terms acceptable to Seller in its sole 
but reasonable discretion. In the event Lenders Consent is not received on 
or before the Closing Deadline (as defined in Section 10.1 below), then 
either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other 
party, and in such event the Earnest Money shall be returned to Buyer and 
the parties shall have no further rights or obligations hereunder, except 
for those which expressly survive termination of this Agreement. All 
escrows held by Lender in

------------------------------------------------------------------------
connection with the Debt (Escrows) shall be assigned by Seller to Buyer 
at Closing, and the Consideration shall be increased by the then-current 
balance of the assigned Escrows. Seller hereby represents that the Escrows 
include without limitation an escrow for Taxes, a repair escrow, a 
replacement reserve escrow, and an excess funds escrow. If this transaction 
closes, Seller shall request that Lender provide an accounting of the 
Escrows as of the Closing.


Section 5.


5.1        Title Commitment.  As soon as reasonably possible after the 
Contract Date, Seller shall coordinate the Title Companys delivery to 
Buyer of the Title Commitment, in the amount of the Consideration, showing 
the condition of title to the Land and Improvements, and naming Buyer as 
the proposed insured, together with legible copies of all recorded 
exceptions and covenants, conditions, easements, and restrictions affecting 
the Property. The Title Commitment shall contain the conditions upon which 
the Title Company will issue the title insurance policy (the Title Policy
) at Closing pursuant to the Title Commitment and subject only to the 
exceptions approved (or deemed approved) by Buyer pursuant to this Section 
5.


5.2        New Survey.  Buyer shall deliver to Seller, as part of the Due 
Diligence Documents, a copy of the most recent survey of the Property in 
Sellers possession (the Existing Survey). In the event Buyer commissions 
a new survey of the Property (the New Survey), then Seller shall provide 
all cooperation reasonably requested by Buyer regarding the preparation of 
the New Survey. Buyer shall be responsible for all costs associated with 
the New Survey. The New Survey shall be certified to Seller, Buyer and the 
Title Company, and Seller shall receive a signed original of the New Survey 
at or prior to Closing.


5.3        Title Notice.  If the Title Commitment or Existing Survey 
discloses matters that are not acceptable to Buyer (Unpermitted Exceptions
), then Buyer shall notify Seller in writing (the Title Notice) of 
Buyers objections within 10 days after Buyer has received both the Title 
Commitment and the Existing Survey. In the event that Buyer notifies Seller 
of any objections within such 10-day period, then Seller shall notify Buyer 
in writing, within 10 days following the date of receipt of Buyers notice 
of such objections, that either: (a) the Unpermitted Exceptions will be, 
prior to Closing, removed from the Commitment, insured over by the Title 
Company pursuant to an endorsement to the Title Policy, or otherwise cured 
to Buyers reasonable satisfaction; or (b) Seller declines to arrange to 
have the Unpermitted Exceptions removed, insured over, or otherwise cured. 
If Seller fails to deliver such written notice to Buyer within such 10-day 
period, then Seller shall be deemed to have declined to arrange to have the 
Unpermitted Exceptions removed, insured over, or otherwise cured. If Seller 
declines to arrange to remove, insure over, or otherwise cure any of the 
Unpermitted Exceptions in a manner satisfactory to Buyer in its sole and 
absolute discretion, then Buyer shall elect, through written notice to 
Seller within 10 days after Buyers receipt of Sellers written or deemed 
declination, to: (a) terminate this Agreement and receive refund of the 
Earnest Money; or (b) waive such objections and take title subject to the 
Unpermitted Exceptions that Seller has declined to remove, insure over, or 
otherwise cure. The Closing Date shall be adjusted, if necessary, to allow 
for any elections allowed or required by this Section.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
5.4        Pre-Closing Gap Title Defects.  Buyer may, at or prior to 
Closing, notify Seller in writing (the Gap Notice) of any objections to 
title raised by the Title Company after Buyers receipt of the initial 
Title Commitment, or of any material defect shown on the New Survey that 
was not disclosed on the Existing Survey; provided that Buyer must notify 
the Seller of such objection to title within 10 days of being made aware of 
the existence of such exception. If Buyer sends a Gap Notice to the Seller, 
Buyer and the Seller shall have the same rights and obligations with 
respect to such notice as apply to a Title Notice under Section 5.3 hereof.


Section 6.        Buyers Inspection.


6.1        Document Inspection.  Buyer and Seller acknowledge that Buyer 
(by itself or through such agents, consultants and others as Buyer shall 
designate) may inspect, test and analyze the Property (provided that any 
inspections or testing of the Land or Improvements shall be conducted in 
accordance with Section 6.2 below). Seller will, within 10 business days 
after the Contract Date, deliver to Buyer complete copies of the Due 
Diligence Documents. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, Buyer acknowledges and understands that some of the materials 
delivered by Seller have been prepared by parties other than Seller, or 
Sellers current property manager (ConAm). Seller makes no representation 
or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, as to the completeness, content 
or accuracy of the delivered materials that were not prepared by Seller or 
ConAm.


6.2        Physical Inspection.  Buyer and its consultants and agents shall 
have the right, from time to time prior to the earlier of the Closing or 
termination of this Agreement, to enter upon the Property to examine the 
same and the condition thereof, and to conduct such investigations, 
inspections, tests and studies as Buyer shall determine to be reasonably 
necessary. Buyer agrees to conduct such activities during normal business 
hours to the extent practicable. Buyer agrees to pay all costs of such 
investigations, inspections, tests and studies and to indemnify and hold 
Seller harmless from and against any claims for injury or death to persons 
or damage to property arising solely out of any action of any person or 
firm entering the Property on Buyers behalf as aforesaid and expressly 
excluding as may arise from pre-existing conditions or Sellers conduct, 
which indemnity shall survive the Closing and any termination of this 
Agreement without the Closing having occurred. Prior to performing any 
environmental investigation of the Property, Buyer shall notify Seller of 
the name of the environmental consultant that will conduct the 
investigation. Buyer shall not have the right to disturb the soil at the 
Property without Sellers prior written consent. In requesting any such 
consent, Buyer shall provide Seller with a proposed written work plan 
describing the investigation, the name of the contractor that will perform 
the investigation, evidence of insurance coverage for the contractor, and a 
site plan showing where the soil will be disturbed. Buyer shall provide 
Seller, at no cost to Seller, with a complete copy of any environmental 
reports within 10 days following Buyers receipt of same.


6.3        Inspection Period.    Buyer shall have until that date which is 
45 days after the date on which Buyer receives the Due Diligence 
Certification from Seller (the 45th day being the Inspection Date) in 
which to make such investigations, inspections, tests and studies permitted 
herein with respect to the Property, the Due Diligence Documents, and any 
other thing or matter relating to the Property as Buyer reasonably deems 
appropriate, and, at the sole discretion of Buyer, to deliver written 
notice to Seller that Buyer has approved of its inspection of the Property 
(an Approval Notice) on or before such Inspection Date. In the event 
Buyer fails to timely deliver the Approval Notice or if Buyer delivers 
written notice to Seller on or prior to the Inspection Date that Buyer will 
decline to purchase the Property, then this Agreement shall terminate, the 
Earnest Money shall be returned to Buyer and the rights and obligations of

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the parties pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate except as expressly 
provided herein to survive termination. The 45-day inspection period shall 
not commence until Buyer receives Sellers written certification that 
Seller has provided Buyer with all of the Due Diligence Documents in 
Sellers possession or control (the Due Diligence Certification). 
Sellers Due Diligence Certification shall include a list of all the 
Service Contracts provided to Buyer as part of the Due Diligence Documents.


6.4        Surviving Service Contracts.  On or before the Inspection Date, 
Buyer shall provide written notice to Seller identifying the Service 
Contracts that Buyer wishes to have terminated at or before Closing. If 
Seller declines to terminate any of the Service Contracts designated by 
Buyer for termination, then Seller shall provide Buyer, within 5 business 
days of receiving Buyers notice, with written notice of the Service 
Contracts that Seller declines to have terminated. If Seller declines to 
terminate any of the Service Contracts, then Buyer may elect, through 
written notice to Seller within 5 business days after Buyers receipt of 
Sellers notice, to terminate this Agreement and receive refund of the 
Earnest Money. If Buyer does not elect to terminate this Agreement, then 
Buyer shall be deemed to have elected to take title subject to the Service 
Contracts that Seller declined to terminate. If this Agreement is not 
terminated, Seller shall terminate any Service Contract not accepted by 
Buyer, at Sellers sole cost and expense, effective on or before the 
Closing Date. The Service Contracts that are not to be terminated pursuant 
to this Section shall be herein referred to as the Surviving Service 
Contracts. Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold Buyer harmless from and 
against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, suits, causes of 
action, damages, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, 
attorneys fees and disbursements) arising under or relating to any Service 
Contract that was not provided to Buyer prior to the Inspection Date. 
Sellers obligations pursuant to this Section 6.4 shall survive the 
Closing.


6.5        Confidentiality.  Buyer agrees to maintain in confidence the 
information contained in the Due Diligence Documents (the Transaction 
Information). Buyer shall not disclose any portion of the Transaction 
Information to any person or entity and shall maintain the Transaction 
Information in the strictest confidence; provided, however, that Buyer may 
disclose the Transaction Information: (a) to Buyers agents to the extent 
that such agents reasonably need to know such Transaction Information in 
order to assist, and perform services on behalf of, Buyer; (b) to the 
extent required by any court or governmental authority; (c) to the extent 
required by any applicable statute, law, or regulation; and (d) in 
connection with any litigation that may arise between the parties in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Buyer 
agrees that the Transaction Information shall be used solely for purposes 
of evaluating the acquisition and potential ownership and operation of the 
Property. In the event this Agreement is terminated for any reason 
whatsoever, Buyer shall promptly return to Seller the Due Diligence 
Documents. The undertakings of Buyer pursuant to this Section shall survive 
the termination of this Agreement, but shall terminate upon Closing if this 
transaction closes.


Section 7.        Sellers Representations, Warranties and Covenants.


7.1.        Sellers Representations, Warranties and Covenants.  In 
addition to any other representations, warranties and covenants provided by 
Seller to Buyer elsewhere in this Agreement, Seller represents, warrants 
and covenants to Buyer as of the Contract Date and the Closing Date:


7.1.1.  Leases.  The Leases made available to Buyer pursuant to Section 6.1 
hereof are complete and accurate copies of all of the Leases currently in 
effect with respect to

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Property, and there are no material written or oral promises, 
understandings or commitments with Tenants other than as set forth in such 
Leases as delivered to Buyer.


7.1.2.  Service Contracts.  To Sellers knowledge, the Service Contracts 
listed on Exhibit 1(y) attached hereto are all of the Service Contracts 
currently in effect with respect to the Property. The Service Contracts 
made available to Buyer pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof are complete and 
accurate copies of all of the Service Contracts currently in effect with 
respect to the Property.

7.1.3.  Authority.  Seller is formed pursuant to, and in good standing 
under, the laws of the State of Texas. Seller is authorized to own and 
operate real estate in the State of Texas. Seller is not subject to any 
proceeding in bankruptcy or any proceeding for dissolution or liquidation. 
This Agreement and all exhibits and documents to be delivered by Seller 
pursuant to this Agreement have been duly executed and delivered by Seller 
and constitute the valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable in 
accordance with their terms. Seller has all necessary authority, has taken 
all action necessary to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and to perform its obligations hereunder. 
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement will not 
conflict with or constitute a breach or default under (i) the 
organizational documents of the Seller; (ii) any material instrument, 
contract, or other agreement to which Seller is a party which affects any 
of the Property; or (iii) any statute or any regulation, order, judgment, 
or decree of any court or governmental or regulatory body. The parties 
executing this Agreement on behalf of Seller are duly authorized to so do, 
and, upon execution, this Agreement will be duly executed by and binding 
upon Seller;


7.1.4.  Environmental Matters.  To Sellers knowledge, Hazardous Substances 
have not been used, generated, transported, treated, stored, released, 
discharged or disposed of in, onto, under or from the Property in violation 
of any Environmental Laws by Seller or by any Tenants.


7.1.5.  Non-Foreign Status.  Seller is not a foreign person as that term 
is defined in the Code and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto.


7.1.6.  Anti-Terrorism Laws.  Neither Seller, nor any of its affiliated 
entities, is in violation of any laws relating to terrorism or money 
laundering (Anti-Terrorism Laws), including Executive Order No. 13224 on 
Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001 (the Executive Order), 
and the United and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools 
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law No. 
107-56. Neither Seller nor, to the knowledge of Seller, any of its 
affiliated entities, or their respective brokers or agents acting or 
benefiting in any capacity in connection with the purchase of the Property, 
is any of the following: (i) a Person or entity that is listed in the annex 
to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; (ii) 
a Person or entity owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, 
any Person or entity that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise 
subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; (iii) a Person or entity 
with which Seller is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any 
transaction by any Anti-Terrorism Laws; (iv) a Person or entity that 
commits, threatens, or conspires to commit or supports terrorism as 
defined in the Executive Order; or (v) a Person or entity that is named as 
a specially designated national and blocked person on the most current 
list published by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset 
Control at its official website or any replacement website or other 
replacement official publication of such list. Neither Seller nor, to the 
knowledge of Seller, any of its brokers or other agents acting in any 
capacity in connection with the purchase of the Property: (x) conducts

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, 
goods or services to or for the benefit of any Person as described above; 
(y) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any 
property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order; 
or (z) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or 
avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, 
any of the prohibitions set forth in any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws.


7.1.7.  Governmental Matters.  Seller has not received written notice from 
any governmental body having jurisdiction over the Property of: (a) any 
pending or contemplated annexation or condemnation proceedings, or purchase 
in lieu of the same, affecting or which may affect all or any part of the 
Property; (b) any proposed or pending proceeding to change or redefine the 
zoning classification of all or any part of the Property; (c) any uncured 
violation of any legal requirement, restriction, condition, covenant or 
agreement affecting the Property or the use, operation, maintenance or 
management of the Property; (d) any uncured violations of laws, codes or 
ordinances affecting the Property; or (e) any violation of the terms of any 
permit required for the operation of the Property as presently operated.


7.1.8.  Litigation.  To Sellers knowledge, there is no controversy, 
investigation, complaint, protest, proceeding, suit, litigation or claim 
relating to the Property or any part thereof, or relating to Seller, which 
might adversely affect the Property or the transaction contemplated herein.


7.1.9.  No Bankruptcy.  Seller: (a) is not in receivership or dissolution; 
(b) has not made any assignment for the benefit of creditors or admitted in 
writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; (c) has not been 
adjudicated a bankrupt or filed a petition in voluntary bankruptcy or a 
petition or answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors 
under the federal bankruptcy law or any other similar law or statute of the 
United States or any jurisdiction and no such petition has been filed 
against Seller or any of its property or affiliates, if any; and (d) none 
of the foregoing are pending or threatened.


7.1.10.  No Liens.  To Sellers knowledge, other than the lien set forth in 
the Loan Documents, there are no monetary liens encumbering the Property 
which cannot be paid off on or prior to Closing.


7.1.11.  Loan Documents; No Debt Default.  The Loan Documents made 
available to Buyer pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof are complete and accurate 
copies of all of the documents evidencing the Debt. To Sellers knowledge, 
Seller is not in default under the Debt or any of the Loan Documents and no 
circumstance exists that with the giving of notice or the passage of time 
would result in a default under the Debt or any of the Loan Documents. 
Seller has not received any notice from Lender of any default under the 
Debt or any of the Loan Documents.


7.1.12.  Due Diligence Documents.  The (i) operating statements of the 
Property for the 2008 and 2009 fiscal years and the latest available for 
the 2010 fiscal year, and (ii) the current rent roll for the Property, in 
the forms delivered to Buyer as part of the Due Diligence Documents, are 
the operating statements and rent roll utilized by Seller and/or ConAm in 
the ordinary course of the management and operation of the Property.


7.2.  All references in this Section 7 or elsewhere in this Agreement 
and/or in any other document or instrument executed by Seller in connection 
with or pursuant to this Agreement, to Sellers knowledge or to the best 
of Sellers knowledge and words of similar

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
import shall refer solely to facts within the actual knowledge (without 
independent investigation or inquiry) of Thomas A. Wentz, Jr., Senior Vice 
President, and/or Donald Peterson, Vice President, and shall not be 
construed to refer to the knowledge of any other employee, officer, 
director, shareholder or agent of Seller or any affiliate of Seller, and 
shall in no event be deemed to include imputed or constructive knowledge. 
Seller hereby represents and warrants that Thomas A. Wentz, Jr. and Donald 
Peterson are the individuals associated with Seller who are the most 
knowledgeable officers and employees of Seller regarding the matters set 
forth in this Section 7.


7.3.        If Seller learns that any of said representations or warranties 
has become inaccurate between the Contract Date and the Closing Date, then 
Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing of such change. The Closing 
Date shall be automatically extended for 10 days in order to allow Seller 
to cure such change. If Seller cures such change, then this Agreement shall 
proceed to Closing in accordance with the terms hereof. If Seller does not 
cure such change, then Buyer may either (a) terminate this Agreement by 
written notice to Seller, in which case the Earnest Money shall be returned 
to Buyer and the parties shall have no further rights or obligations 
hereunder, except for those which expressly survive such termination, or 
(b) waive such right to terminate and proceed with the transaction pursuant 
to the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement. If Buyer elects 
option (b) in the preceding sentence, then the representations and 
warranties shall be deemed to be automatically amended to reflect said 
change. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in this 
Section shall survive Closing.


7.4.        Seller shall have no liability to Buyer by reason of a breach 
or default of any of Sellers representations, unless Buyer shall have 
given to Seller written notice (Warranty Notice) of such breach or 
default within 12 months of the Closing Date, and shall have given to 
Seller an opportunity to cure any such breach or default within a 
reasonable period of time after Buyers Warranty Notice. No claim for 
breach of any representation or warranty of Seller shall be actionable or 
payable unless the valid claims for all such breaches collectively 
aggregate more than $10,000.00, in which event the full amount of such 
claims shall be actionable. In no event shall the aggregate liability of 
Seller to Buyer by reason of a breach or default of one or more of Sellers 
representations, except for fraud or intentional misrepresentation by 
Seller, exceed $1,000,000.00. Sellers liability shall be limited to actual 
damages and shall not include consequential damages. Any litigation with 
respect to any representation must be commenced within 60 days from the 
date of the Warranty Notice, and if not commenced within such time period, 
Buyer shall be deemed to have waived its claims for such breach or default. 
Any proceeding or litigation based upon a claim of fraud, misrepresentation 
or similar theory shall be commenced by Buyer within 12 months of the 
Closing Date and, if appropriate proceedings are not commenced within such 
time period, Buyer shall be deemed to have waived any such claim.


Section 8.        Buyers Representations, Warranties and Covenants.  Buyer 
represents and warrants that, as of the Contract Date and the Closing Date:


8.1.        Buyer is a validly formed legal entity under the laws of the 
state of its formation, is in good standing in the state of its formation, 
is qualified to do business and own property in the State of Texas, and is 
duly authorized to do all things required of it under or in connection with 
this Agreement. The parties executing this Agreement on behalf of Buyer are 
duly authorized to so do, and, upon execution, this Agreement will be duly 
executed by and binding upon Buyer; and


8.2.        Buyer is not subject to any involuntary proceeding for 
dissolution or liquidation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
8.3.        The execution, delivery and performance of the Agreement will 
not violate any of Buyers organizational or governing documents or any 
contract, agreement, commitment, order, judgment or decree which Buyer is a 
party to or by which Buyer is bound.


8.4.        Buyer is not acquiring the Property with the assets of an 
employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3 (3) of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.


8.5.        Anti-Terrorism Laws.  Neither Buyer, nor any of its affiliated 
entities, is in violation of any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws, including the 
Executive Order and the United and Strengthening America by Providing 
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, 
Public Law No. 107-56. Neither Buyer nor, to the knowledge of Buyer, any of 
its affiliated entities, or their respective brokers or agents acting or 
benefiting in any capacity in connection with the purchase of the Property, 
is any of the following: (i) a Person or entity that is listed in the annex 
to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; (ii) 
a Person or entity owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, 
any Person or entity that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise 
subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; (iii) a Person or entity 
with which Buyer is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any 
transaction by any Anti-Terrorism Laws; (iv) a Person or entity that 
commits, threatens, or conspires to commit or supports terrorism as 
defined in the Executive Order; or (v) a Person or entity that is named as 
a specially designated national and blocked person on the most current 
list published by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset 
Control at its official website or any replacement website or other 
replacement official publication of such list. Neither Buyer nor, to the 
knowledge of Buyer, any of its brokers or other agents acting in any 
capacity in connection with the purchase of the Property: (x) conducts any 
business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods 
or services to or for the benefit of any Person as described above; (y) 
deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property 
or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order; or (z) 
engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, 
or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of 
the prohibitions set forth in any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws.


Section 9.        Conditions to Closing.


9.1        Buyers Conditions.  Buyers obligation to purchase the Property 
and proceed to Closing under this Agreement are subject to the following 
conditions precedent being satisfied or waived by Buyer as of the Closing 
Deadline as such may have been extended pursuant to Section 10.1:
 
  	(a) 	Buyer shall have received the Lenders Consent;
 
  	(b) 	All representations and warranties by Seller in this Agreement 
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date; 
and
 
  	(c) 	Seller shall have duly performed all material covenants and 
agreements to be performed by Seller under this Agreement, including, 
without limitation, the timely delivery of all documents and instruments as 
required by Section 10.4 hereof.


Upon the failure of any of the conditions precedent set forth in this 
Section 9.1 without waiver of such conditions by Buyer, this Agreement 
shall terminate, all rights and obligations of each party hereunder, other 
than as expressly set forth herein, shall terminate, and the Earnest Money 
Deposit shall be returned to Buyer. If a condition under Section 9.1 (b) or 
(c) has not been

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
satisfied or performed by Seller as required by this Agreement, failure to 
perform or satisfy such condition shall constitute a default by Seller, and 
Buyer shall have the rights set forth in Section 12.2 of this Agreement.


9.2        Sellers Conditions.  Sellers obligation to sell the Property 
and proceed to Closing under this Agreement are subject to the following 
conditions precedent being satisfied or waived by Seller as of the Closing 
Deadline as such may have been extended pursuant to Section 10.1:
 
  	(a) 	Buyer shall have received the Lenders Consent;
 
  	(b) 	All representations and warranties by Buyer in this Agreement shall 
be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date; and
 
  	(c) 	Buyer shall have duly performed all material covenants and 
agreements to be performed by Buyer under this Agreement, including, 
without limitation, the timely delivery of all documents and instruments as 
required by Section 10.5 hereof.


Upon the failure of any of the conditions precedent set forth in this 
Section 9.2 without waiver of such conditions by Seller, this Agreement 
shall terminate, all rights and obligations of each party hereunder, other 
than as expressly set forth herein, shall terminate, and the Earnest Money 
Deposit shall be returned to Buyer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Buyer 
is legally obligated to close the transaction contemplated herein and Buyer 
defaults on such obligation, Seller shall have the rights set forth in 
Section 12.1 of this Agreement.


Section 10. Closing.


10.1        Time and Place.  Provided that all of the conditions set forth 
in this Agreement are theretofore fully satisfied or performed, the Closing 
shall be held on a mutually acceptable date (the Closing or Closing Date
) that is the earlier of (a) 10 business days after receipt of the 
Lenders Consent or (b) the date which is 60 days after the Inspection Date 
(such earlier date being the Closing Deadline). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Closing Deadline shall be automatically extended for 30 days 
upon Sellers receipt of a written request for extension from Buyer, 
provided that Buyer simultaneously increases the amount of the Earnest 
Money by delivery to Closing Agent of additional funds in the amount of 
$150,000. If Closing does not occur on or before the Closing Deadline, for 
any reason other than Sellers material default under this Agreement, then 
Seller in its sole discretion may at any time thereafter terminate this 
Agreement by delivering written notice to Buyer, and in such event the 
Earnest Money shall be returned to Buyer and the rights and obligations of 
the parties hereunder shall terminate except as expressly provided to 
survive termination as set forth herein. Closing shall occur through a mail 
escrow style closing with the Closing Agent.


10.2        Buyers Costs.  Buyer shall pay:
 
  	(a) 	One-half of all escrow and closing agent charges.
 
  	(b) 	The premiums for extended coverage to the Title Policy, and for the 
cost of any endorsements requested by Buyer (other than curative 
endorsements that Seller may be obligated to provide pursuant to Section 5 
above).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  	(c) 	All recording and filing charges in connection with the Deed.
 
  	(d) 	The cost of the Survey.
 
  	(e) 	All costs of Buyers due diligence.
 
  	(f) 	Its own attorneys.
 
  	(g) 	Any assumption, prepayment or similar fee resulting from Buyers 
assumption of the Debt.


10.3      Sellers Costs.  The Seller shall pay:
 
  	(a) 	One-half of all escrow and closing agent charges.
 
  	(b) 	The cost of the Title Commitment, and the premium for the basic 
Title Policy.
 
  	(c) 	The cost of preparation and recording of all documents (other than 
the Deed) necessary to place record title in the condition warranted by 
Seller in this Agreement.
 
  	(d) 	Any form of deed tax or personal property tax imposed by any state 
or federal entity by virtue of the sale of the Property, or recording of 
the Deed, to Buyer.
 
  	(e) 	Its own attorneys.


10.4      Sellers Closing Deliveries.  Seller shall obtain and deliver to 
Buyer at the Closing the following documents (all of which shall be duly 
executed and, if required for recording, acknowledged, which documents 
Buyer agrees to execute and acknowledge where required):
 
  	(a) 	The Deed, conveying to Buyer all of Sellers right, title and 
interest in and to the Property, subject only to encumbrances and title 
exceptions approved by Buyer.
 
  	(b) 	A Bill of Sale in the form attached as Exhibit 10.4(b) hereto.
 
  	(c) 	A General Assignment and Assumption Agreement in the form attached 
as Exhibit 10.4(c) hereto.
 
  	(d) 	A Non-Foreign Certificate in the form attached as Exhibit 10.4(d) 
hereto.
 
  	(e) 	Such documents as may be reasonably required by Lender to be 
executed by Seller as a condition to Buyers assumption of the Debt.
 
  	(f) 	Such further documents as Buyer or the Title Company may reasonably 
request to carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
10.5      Buyers Closing Deliveries.  Buyer shall deliver to Seller at 
Closing:
 
  	(a) 	The Consideration, as prorated and allocated pursuant to this 
Agreement.
 
  	(b) 	Such documents as may be reasonably required by Lender to be 
executed by Buyer as a condition to Buyers assumption of the Debt each in 
form approved by Buyer in its sole but reasonable discretion.
 
  	(c) 	Such further documents as Seller or the Title Company may 
reasonably request to carry out the provisions of this Agreement each in 
form approved by Buyer in its sole but reasonable discretion.


10.6        Rent Ready Units.  At Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit to 
the Consideration in an amount equal to $750.00 for each unit that was 
vacant more than 5 days prior to the Closing Date, and that is not in Rent 
Ready Condition as of the Closing Date. Rent Ready Condition shall mean 
the condition in which vacated apartments units are made at the Property in 
accordance with Sellers standard practice.


Section 11.        Operations Pending Closing.  Seller hereby covenants and 
agrees that after the Contract Date, until the earlier of the Closing Date 
the earlier termination of this Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	Seller shall continue to maintain the Property in accordance with 
its customary business practices.
 
  	(b) 	Seller shall continue to fulfill all of its obligations under the 
Leases.
 
  	(c) 	Seller shall continue to otherwise manage and operate the Property 
in accordance with its customary business practices.
 
  	(d) 	Seller shall not, without the written consent of Buyer (which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), enter into any new 
Lease (or renew any existing Lease) for a term exceeding 1 year or enter 
into any Lease in a form other than the standard lease form delivered to 
Buyer pursuant to Section 6.1.
 
  	(e) 	Seller shall not sell, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise 
transfer or dispose of all or any part of the Property or incur any 
liabilities other than in the ordinary course of operating and managing the 
Property, except for such liabilities as will be discharged on or before 
Closing. After the Contract Date, Seller shall not, without the written 
consent of Buyer (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), enter into any new Service Contracts unless such new Service 
Contract is on market-rate or better terms and can be terminated upon no 
more than 30 days notice without penalty.


Notwithstanding Sellers obligation set forth in Section 11(a), Seller has 
no obligation to make any repairs or replacements to the Property if the 
cumulative cost of all reasonably necessary repairs or replacements is 
reasonably estimated by Seller to exceed $50,000. If Seller declines to 
make any reasonably necessary repairs or replacements because the estimated 
cumulative cost of all repairs and replacements would exceed $50,000, then 
Buyer may terminate this Agreement prior to Closing on written notice to 
Seller, and, in such event, this Agreement shall

------------------------------------------------------------------------
terminate, the Earnest Money shall be returned to Buyer, and neither party 
shall have any further obligation hereunder except as to covenants which 
are to survive termination. Sellers obligation set forth in Section 11(a) 
shall expire upon Closing; if this transaction closes, then Sellers 
obligation to maintain the Property shall be deemed to have been satisfied 
or waived.


Section 12.    Default and Remedies.


12.1    Sellers Default.  Should Seller breach any of Sellers covenants, 
representations, or warranties contained in this Agreement, Buyer may, upon 
20 days written notice to Seller, and provided such breach or failure is 
not cured within such 20-day period:
 
  	(a) 	terminate this Agreement, without further liability on Buyers part 
and, in such event, Buyer shall be entitled to a return of the Earnest 
Money and shall have no further liability hereunder; and/or
 
  	(b) 	enforce specific performance of this Agreement, provided such 
action is commenced within 120 days after the date of Buyers written 
notice to Seller pursuant to this Section.


12.2    Buyers Default.  In the event Buyer defaults in its obligations to 
close the purchase of the Property, then (i) Seller shall receive the 
Earnest Money as fixed and liquidated damages, this Agreement shall 
terminate, and neither party shall have any further liability hereunder, 
except for those liabilities which expressly survive the termination of 
this Agreement and (ii) Buyer shall immediately direct the Title Company to 
pay the Earnest Money to Seller. Seller shall have no other remedy for any 
pre-Closing default by Buyer, including any right to damages. BUYER AND 
SELLER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT: (1) THE AMOUNT OF THE EARNEST MONEY IS A 
REASONABLE ESTIMATE OF AND BEARS A REASONABLE RELATIONSHIP TO THE DAMAGES 
THAT WOULD BE SUFFERED AND COSTS INCURRED BY SELLER AS A RESULT OF HAVING 
WITHDRAWN THE PROPERTY FROM SALE AND THE FAILURE OF CLOSING TO HAVE 
OCCURRED DUE TO A DEFAULT OF BUYER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT; (2) THE ACTUAL 
DAMAGES SUFFERED AND COSTS INCURRED BY SELLER AS A RESULT OF SUCH 
WITHDRAWAL AND FAILURE TO CLOSE DUE TO A DEFAULT OF BUYER UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT WOULD BE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT AND IMPRACTICAL TO DETERMINE; (3) 
BUYER SEEKS TO LIMIT ITS LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO THE AMOUNT OF 
THE EARNEST MONEY IN THE EVENT THIS AGREEMENT IS TERMINATED AND THE 
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT CLOSE DUE TO A DEFAULT 
OF BUYER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT; AND (4) THE AMOUNT OF THE EARNEST MONEY 
SHALL BE AND DOES CONSTITUTE VALID LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. All of the foregoing 
shall be without limitation upon the rights and remedies of Seller 
hereunder, at law or in equity, in the event of a default by Buyer pursuant 
to Sections 6.2, 6.5, 8, 12.3, or 17.3, or pursuant to any covenant, 
agreement, indemnity, representation or warranty of Buyer set forth in this 
Agreement that expressly survives the Closing or the termination of this 
Agreement.


12.3    Attorneys Fees to Prevailing Party.  In the event of any 
litigation between the parties hereto under any of the provisions of this 
Agreement, the non-prevailing party to such litigation agrees to pay to the 
prevailing party all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys 
fees, incurred by the prevailing party in such litigation. The parties 
agree that the court presiding over the litigation shall determine whether 
a party is a prevailing party, and shall determine the reasonable amount 
of attorneys fees and costs recoverable. The parties agree that the amount 
of attorneys fees and costs which may be awarded must bear a

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reasonable relationship to, and must be limited by the court to a 
reasonable amount in view of, the amount recovered by the prevailing party 
in such matter.


Section 13.    Condemnation.  If, between the Contract Date and the Closing 
Date, any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings are initiated or 
threatened that might result in the taking of any part of the Improvements 
or the Land or access to the Land from adjacent roadways, then Buyer at its 
sole discretion may elect to terminate this Agreement without cost, 
obligation, or liability on the part of Buyer, in which event this 
Agreement shall terminate all rights and obligations of the parties 
hereunder shall cease and the Earnest Money shall be returned to Buyer. If 
this Agreement is not terminated, then Seller shall assign to Buyer all of 
Sellers right, title, and interest in and to any award pertaining to the 
Property made in connection with such condemnation or eminent domain 
proceedings. Buyer shall notify Seller within 15 days after its receipt of 
written notice from Seller of such condemnation or eminent domain 
proceeding, whether it elects to exercise its right to terminate. If Buyer 
fails to notify Seller of its election within said 15-day period, such 
failure shall constitute an election to terminate this Agreement as 
aforesaid. The Closing Date shall be adjusted, if necessary, to allow for 
such election.


Section 14.    Damage or Destruction.  Seller shall bear all risk of loss 
to the Property until the Closing Date. If, between the Contract Date and 
the Closing Date, all or any portion of the Property is damaged or 
destroyed by fire or other casualty and the cost to repair and restore the 
Property is more than $50,000.00, then Buyer at its sole discretion may 
elect to terminate this Agreement without cost, obligation, or liability on 
Buyers part, in which event all rights and obligations of the parties 
hereunder shall cease and the Earnest Money will be returned to Buyer. If 
either this Agreement is not terminable in accordance with the foregoing, 
or is terminable but is not terminated, then Seller shall, upon Closing, 
assign to Buyer all of Seller right, title, and interest in and to any 
insurance proceeds, including without limitation any rent loss insurance 
proceeds (except for proceeds for rent losses prior to Closing), payable as 
a result of such damage or destruction, plus Seller shall pay to Buyer the 
amount of any deductible losses under such insurance policies and at 
Closing shall have no further repair or restoration obligations. Seller 
shall fully advise Buyer regarding the insurance policies covering such 
damage or destruction and the probable amount of any insurance proceeds 
payable as a result of such damage or destruction. Buyer shall notify 
Seller within 15 days after receipt of written notice from Seller of such 
damage or destruction of its election. If Buyer fails to notify Seller of 
its election within said 15-day period, such failure shall constitute an 
election to terminate this Agreement as aforesaid. The Closing Date shall 
be adjusted, if necessary, to allow for such election.


Section 15.    Notices.  Wherever any notice or other communication is 
required or permitted hereunder, such notice or other communication shall 
be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, by nationally-recognized 
overnight express delivery service, by U.S. registered or certified mail 
(return receipt requested, postage prepaid), or by electronic fax 
transfer (conditioned on prompt telephone confirmation of transmission, 
with copy to follow by regular mail) to the addresses set out below or at 
such other addresses as are specified by written notice delivered in 
accordance herewith:
 
BUYER: 	     	
KBS Realty Advisors, LLC
c/o Legacy Partners Residential Development, Inc.
Attn: Senior Managing Director
13155 Noel Road, Suite 825
Dallas, TX 75240

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
     	
Telephone: (972) 728-7212
Fax: (972) 728-7213
With a copy to: 	     	
Schultz & Wright, LLP
Attn: Anne Keeler Wright
545 Middlefield Road, Suite 160
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Telephone: (650) 462-0900
Fax: (650) 462-0998
SELLER: 	     	
Dakota Hill Properties, a Texas Limited Partnership
c/o IRET Properties, a North Dakota Limited Partnership
Attn: General Counsel
3015 16th Street SW Suite 100
P.O. Box 1988
Minot, ND 58702-1988
Telephone: (701) 837-4738
Fax: (701) 838-7785
CLOSING AGENT: 	     	
Stewart Title of Colorado, Inc.
Attn: Carma Weymouth & Brianna Hern
50 South Steele Street, Suite 600
Denver, CO 80209
Telephone: (303) 331-0333
Fax: (303) 331-9867


Such notices shall be deemed received (a) as of the date of delivery, if 
delivered by hand by 4:00 p.m. Central on a business day, (b) as of the 
next business day, if tendered to an overnight express delivery service by 
the applicable deadline for overnight service, (c) as of the fifth business 
days after mailing, if sent by regular mail, or (d) as of the date of fax 
transmission, if properly transmitted by fax prior to 4:00 p.m. Central (if 
transmitted after said time, any such fax transmission shall be deemed 
received as of the next business day).


Section 16.    Condition of Property.


16.1.    No Warranties.  THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE SELLER AND BUYER 
WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY AND THE SALE THEREOF IS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES ARE NOT BOUND BY ANY AGREEMENTS, 
UNDERSTANDINGS, PROVISIONS, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES 
(WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL AND WHETHER MADE BY SELLER OR ANY AGENT, EMPLOYEE, 
MEMBER, OFFICER OR PRINCIPAL OF SELLER OR ANY OTHER PARTY) OTHER THAN AS 
ARE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. WITHOUT IN ANY MANNER LIMITING 
THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND ITS 
REPRESENTATIVES HAVE FULLY INSPECTED THE PROPERTY OR WILL BE PROVIDED WITH 
AN ADEQUATE OPPORTUNITY TO DO SO, ARE OR WILL BE FULLY FAMILIAR WITH THE 
FINANCIAL AND PHYSICAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ENVIRONMENTAL) 
CONDITION THEREOF, AND THAT THE PROPERTY HAS BEEN PURCHASED BY BUYER IN AN 
AS IS AND WHERE IS CONDITION AND WITH ALL EXISTING DEFECTS (PATENT AND 
LATENT) AS A RESULT OF SUCH INSPECTIONS AND INVESTIGATIONS AND NOT IN 
RELIANCE ON ANY AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDING, CONDITION, WARRANTY (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE) OR REPRESENTATION MADE BY SELLER OR ANY AGENT, 
EMPLOYEE, MEMBER, OFFICER OR PRINCIPAL OF SELLER OR ANY OTHER PARTY (EXCEPT 
AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT) AS TO THE FINANCIAL OR PHYSICAL 
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ENVIRONMENTAL) CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY OR 
THE AREAS SURROUNDING THE PROPERTY, OR AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER WHATSOEVER, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION AS TO ANY PERMITTED USE THEREOF, THE ZONING 
CLASSIFICATION THEREOF OR COMPLIANCE THEREOF WITH FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL 
LAWS, AS TO THE INCOME OR EXPENSE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR AS TO ANY 
OTHER MATTER IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT AS 
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER SELLER, NOR ANY AGENT, 
MEMBER, OFFICER, EMPLOYEE OR PRINCIPAL OF SELLER NOR ANY OTHER PARTY ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF SELLER HAS MADE OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE ANY SUCH 
AGREEMENT, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY EITHER EXPRESSED OR 
IMPLIED. THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL SURVIVE CLOSING AND DELIVERY OF THE DEED, AND 
SHALL BE DEEMED INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND MADE A PART OF ALL DOCUMENTS 
DELIVERED BY SELLER TO BUYER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OF THE PROPERTY.


16.2.    Change of Conditions.  If Buyer does not terminate this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 11 above, and if this transaction closes, then Buyer 
shall accept the Property at Closing in the condition the Property is in at 
Closing, and as such condition may have changed since the Contract Date by 
reason of wear and tear and natural deterioration and, subject to Sections 
13 and 14 hereof, condemnation or damage by fire or other casualty.


16.3.  Condition of Delivery.  Seller has no obligation to deliver the 
Property in a broom clean condition, and at Closing Seller may leave in 
the Property all items of personal property and equipment, partitions and 
debris as are now presently therein and as would accumulate in the normal 
course of operating and maintaining the Property.


16.4.  Release.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 16.1 ABOVE AND 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, 
BUYER, FOR ITSELF AND ITS AGENTS, AFFILIATES, AND ASSIGNS, HEREBY RELEASES, 
ACQUITS AND FOREVER DISCHARGES SELLER AND (AS THE CASE MAY BE) SELLERS 
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, SHAREHOLDERS, TRUSTEES, PARTNERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MANAGERS, AGENTS AND AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL RIGHTS, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, 
CAUSES OF ACTIONS, LOSSES, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES 
(INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES AND DISBURSEMENTS WHETHER THE SUIT IS INSTITUTED 
OR NOT) WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, LIQUIDATED OR CONTINGENT (HEREINAFTER 
COLLECTIVELY CALLED THE CLAIMS), WHICH BUYER HAS OR MAY HAVE IN THE 
FUTURE, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO (i) ANY DEFECTS (PATENT OR LATENT), 
ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE DESIGN OR CONSTRUCTION OF THE PROPERTY WHETHER 
THE SAME ARE THE RESULT OF NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, OR (ii) ANY OTHER 
CONDITIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER PHYSICAL 
CONDITIONS, AFFECTING THE PROPERTY WHETHER THE SAME ARE A RESULT OF 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY, BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
ANY CLAIM FOR INDEMNIFICATION OR CONTRIBUTION ARISING UNDER THE 
ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1), WHETHER ARISING BASED ON 
EVENTS THAT OCCURRED BEFORE, DURING, OR AFTER SELLERS PERIOD OF

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OWNERSHIP OF THE PROPERTY AND WHETHER BASED ON THEORIES OF INDEMNIFICATION, 
CONTRIBUTION OR OTHERWISE. THE RELEASE SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 
SPECIFICALLY INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS UNDER THE 
ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1) OR UNDER THE AMERICANS WITH 
DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, AS ANY OF THOSE LAWS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME AND ANY REGULATIONS, ORDERS, RULES OF PROCEDURES OR GUIDELINES 
PROMULGATED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH LAWS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THEY ARE IN 
EXISTENCE ON THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT BUYER HAS 
BEEN REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL OF BUYERS SELECTION AND 
BUYER IS GRANTING THIS RELEASE OF ITS OWN VOLITION AND AFTER CONSULTATION 
WITH BUYERS COUNSEL. THE RELEASE SET FORTH HEREIN DOES NOT APPLY TO FRAUD, 
A BREACH BY SELLER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE REPRESENTATIONS OF SELLER 
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY AGREEMENT, INDEMNITY OR 
WARRANTY EXPRESSLY MADE BY SELLER IN ANY DOCUMENT DELIVERED BY SELLER AT 
CLOSING. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT BUYER HAS CAREFULLY REVIEWED THIS SECTION 
16.4 AND DISCUSSED ITS IMPORT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF 
THIS SUBSECTION ARE A MATERIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. NOTWITHSTANDING 
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY OR APPARENTLY TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS SECTION 
16.4, BUYER IS NOT RELEASING SELLER WITH RESPECT TO ANY LIABILITIES TO ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY OTHER THAN BUYER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR PERSONAL 
INJURY OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY TO THE EXTENT THE EVENT OR OCCURRENCE GIVING 
RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY HAPPENED PRIOR TO THE CLOSING DATE.


16.5.    Effect of Disclaimers.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the 
Consideration has been negotiated to take into account that the Property is 
being sold subject to the provisions of this Section 16 and that Seller 
would have charged a higher purchase price if the provisions in this 
Section 16 were not agreed upon by Buyer.


Section 17.    Miscellaneous.


17.1.    Governing Law; Headings; Rules of Construction.  This Agreement 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of 
the State in which the Land is located, without reference to the conflicts 
of laws or choice of law provisions thereof. The titles of sections and 
subsections herein have been inserted as a matter of convenience of 
reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction 
of any of the terms or provisions herein. All references herein to the 
singular shall include the plural, and vice versa. The parties agree that 
this Agreement is the result of negotiation by the parties, each of whom 
was represented by counsel, and thus, this Agreement shall not be construed 
against the maker thereof.


17.2.    Assignment.  Neither Buyer nor Seller shall assign any of their 
rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the 
other. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon advance 
written notice to Seller and the Closing Agent, but without the prior 
written consent of Seller, Buyer may assign its rights and obligations 
hereunder to an Affiliate (as defined below). For purposes of this Section 
17.2, Affiliate shall mean (a) any entity which controls, is controlled 
by or is under common management control with Buyer and/or (b) an entity 
for which Buyer acts as an advisor. Any assignment in contravention of this 
provision shall be void. No assignment, including an assignment to an 
Affiliate, shall release the Buyer herein named from any obligation or 
liability accruing under this Agreement prior to Closing; provided, 
however, that any permitted assignment of this Agreement by the Buyer

------------------------------------------------------------------------
herein named shall release the Buyer herein named from any obligation or 
liability accruing from and after Closing. Any assignee shall be deemed to 
have made any and all representations, warranties, acknowledgements, and 
releases made by Buyer hereunder, and shall be subject to all obligations 
of the Buyer hereunder as if the assignee were the original signatory 
hereto.


17.3.    Brokers.  Buyer and Seller each warrant and represent to the other 
that such representing and warranting party has not employed or made any 
commitment to a broker or agent (including without limitation any real 
estate or securities broker, agent, dealer, or salesperson) in connection 
with the transaction contemplated hereby, except for Sellers Broker. 
Seller shall be responsible for the payment of any resulting fee or 
expenses relating to the Sellers Broker. Each party agrees to indemnify 
and hold the other harmless from any loss or cost suffered or incurred by 
it as a result of the indemnifying parties representation herein being 
untrue.


17.4.    No Waiver.  Neither the failure of either party to exercise any 
power given such party hereunder or to insist upon strict compliance by the 
other party with its obligations hereunder, nor any custom or practice of 
the parties at variance with the terms hereof shall constitute a waiver of 
either partys right to demand exact compliance with the terms hereof, 
except the Closing of this Agreement shall constitute waiver of all 
conditions to Closing except to the extent otherwise agreed in writing at 
Closing.


17.5.    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement of 
the parties hereto with respect to the Property, and no representations, 
inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, between the parties 
not embodied herein or incorporated herein by reference shall be of any 
force or effect.


17.6.    Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, 
executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns.


17.7.    Amendments.  No amendment to this Agreement shall be binding on 
any of the parties hereof unless such amendment is in writing and is 
executed by the party against whom enforcement of such amendment is sought.


17.8.    Possession.  Possession of the Property shall be given by Seller 
to Buyer at Closing.

17.9.    Date for Performance.  If the time period by which any right, 
option or election provided under this Agreement must be exercised, or by 
which any act required hereunder must be performed, or by which the Closing 
must be held, expires on a Saturday, Sunday or legal or bank holiday in the 
State of Texas, then such time period shall be automatically extended 
through the close of business on the next regular business day.


17.10.    Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same 
instrument.


17.11.    Time of the Essence.  Time shall be of the essence of this 
Agreement and each and every term and condition hereof.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
17.12.    Severability.  This Agreement is intended to be performed in 
accordance with, and only to the extent permitted by, all applicable laws, 
ordinances, rules and regulations, and is intended, and shall for all 
purposes be deemed to be, a single, integrated document setting forth all 
of the agreements and understandings of the parties hereto, and superseding 
all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements of such parties. If 
any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any 
person or circumstance shall for any reason and to any extent be held to be 
invalid or unenforceable, then such term or provision shall be ignored, and 
to the maximum extent possible, this Agreement shall continue in full force 
and effect, but without giving effect to such term or provision.


17.13.    Survival.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither 
this Agreement nor any provision contained herein shall be cancelled or 
merged with any deed or other instrument on, as of, at or by reason of the 
Closing, and the covenants and obligations of the parties shall survive the 
Closing.


17.14.    Further Assurances.  After the Closing, Buyer and Seller shall 
execute, acknowledge, and deliver (or cause to be executed, acknowledged, 
and delivered) such instruments and take such other actions as may be 
reasonably necessary or advisable to carry out their respective obligations 
under this Agreement and under any exhibit, document, certificate, or other 
instrument delivered pursuant thereto.


17.15.    1031 Exchange.  Buyer agrees to reasonably cooperate with Seller 
for the purpose of a possible tax deferred exchange by Seller pursuant to 
Internal Revenue Code Section 1031. Buyer shall not incur any additional 
liability or financial obligation as a consequence of Sellers possible 
exchange, and Seller agrees to hold Buyer harmless from any liability that 
may arise from Buyers participation therein.


17.16.    Exhibits.  Attached hereto and forming an integral part of this 
Agreement are multiple exhibits, all of which are hereby incorporated into 
this Agreement as fully as if the contents thereof were set out in full 
herein at each point of reference thereto.


17.17.    Termination of Employees.  Effective as of the Closing Date, 
Seller shall cause ConAm to terminate all employees who work at the 
Property. Buyer shall have no responsibility for the payment of all 
salaries, bonuses, other compensation and accrued benefits due to such 
employees, or any employment taxes or other similar amounts due in respect 
of such employees. In the event any employee leases or occupies any unit in 
the Property free or at a below market rental, such employees lease, at 
Sellers option, either shall be (i) modified to a market rental at Closing 
(with the term of any such modified lease to be on a month-to-month basis), 
or (ii) terminated effective as of the Closing Date, and if terminated 
Seller shall cause such unit to be vacated by the Closing Date.


17.18.  Website Content Modification.  As of Closing, Seller and ConAm 
shall delete from any website that Seller or ConAm manages or maintains 
that references the Property (collectively Sellers Websites) all 
references to the Property and all pages exclusively dedicated to the 
Property. Furthermore, as of Closing, Seller and ConAm shall remove from 
Sellers Websites all links, reciprocal or otherwise, to the Property 
Website. After Closing, Buyer shall remove all references to, or logos of, 
both Seller and ConAm from the Property Website.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to 
be executed and sealed by its duly authorized signatory, effective as of 
the day and year first above written.


SELLER:


DAKOTA HILL PROPERTIES, A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
By: Dakota  IRET, Inc., a Texas corporation, its general partner


By:  /s/ Timothy P. Mihalick
Print Name:  Timothy P. Mihalick
Print Title:  Vice President


By:  /s/ Diane K. Bryant
Print Name:  Diane K. Bryant Print
Title:  Vice President


BUYER:


KBS REALTY ADVISORS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company


By:  /s/ Charles Schreiber
Print Name:  Charles Schreiber
Print Title:  Chief Executive Officer