 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.1


PC CONNECTION, INC.


Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
Granted Under the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan


AGREEMENT made this [    ] day of [            ], between PC Connection, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and [insert name of 
Recipient] (the Recipient).


For valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:


1. Issuance of Restricted Stock Units.

In consideration of services rendered to the Company by the Recipient, the 
Company shall issue to the Recipient, subject to the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement and in the Companys Amended and Restated 2007 
Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan), [insert number of units 
granted] restricted stock units (each an RSU and together the RSUs), 
each representing the right to receive one share (each a Share and 
together the Shares) of common stock, $0.01 par value, of the Company 
(Common Stock) upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in 
Section 2. The Recipient agrees that the Shares shall be subject to the 
vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
and the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.


2. Vesting.

(a) The RSUs shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in Schedule 
A attached hereto. Any fractional Shares resulting from the application of 
the foregoing percentages shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number 
Shares. In the event that the Recipient ceases to be employed or engaged by 
the Company for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, prior to a 
vesting date, no further RSUs shall vest and the unvested RSUs shall be 
automatically and immediately forfeited to the Company, without the payment 
of any consideration to the Recipient, effective as of such termination of 
employment or engagement. The Recipient shall have no further rights with 
respect to any RSUs that are so forfeited.


(b) If the Recipient is employed or engaged by a subsidiary of the Company, 
any references in this Agreement to employment with or engagement by the 
Company shall instead be deemed to refer to employment with or engagement 
by such subsidiary.


3. Restrictions on Transfer.

(a) The Recipient shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or 
otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively 
transfer) any RSUs, or any interest therein, until such RSUs have vested 
and any additional restrictions on the sale of such shares set forth in 
this agreement have expired or been released, except that the Recipient may 
transfer such RSUs: (a) to or for the benefit of any spouse, children, 
parents, uncles, aunts, siblings, grandchildren and any other relatives 
approved by the Compensation Committee (collectively, Approved Relatives) 
or to a trust established solely for the benefit of the Recipient and/or 
Approved Relatives,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided that such RSUs shall remain subject to this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, the vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth in 
Section 2 and the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 3) and 
such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver 
to the Company a written instrument confirming that such transferee shall 
be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or (b) as 
part of the sale of all or substantially all of the shares of capital stock 
of the Company (including pursuant to a merger or consolidation); provided 
that the securities or other property received by the Recipient in 
connection with such transaction shall remain subject to this Agreement.


(b) The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any of 
the RSUs which have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions 
set forth in this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of such RSUs any 
transferee to whom such RSUs have been transferred in violation of any of 
the provisions of this Agreement.


4. Distribution of Shares.

(a) Subject to Section 2 of this Agreement, the Company will distribute to 
the Recipient, as soon as administratively practical after the vesting 
date, the Shares represented by the RSUs that vested on such vesting date.


(b) The Company shall not be obligated to issue to the Recipient the Shares 
upon vesting of any RSU (or otherwise) unless the issuance and delivery of 
such Shares shall comply with all relevant provisions of law and other 
legal requirements including, without limitation, any applicable federal or 
state securities laws and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which 
shares of Common Stock may then be listed.


5. Provisions of the Plan.

(a) This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of 
which is furnished to the Recipient with this Agreement.


(b) As provided in the Plan, upon the occurrence of a Reorganization Event 
(as defined in the Plan) other than a liquidation or dissolution of the 
Company, the repurchase and other rights of the Company under each 
outstanding RSU shall inure to the benefit of the Companys successor and 
shall, unless the Board of Directors determines otherwise, apply to the 
cash, securities or other property which the Common Stock was converted 
into or exchanged for pursuant to such Reorganization Event in the same 
manner and to the same extent as they applied to the Common Stock subject 
to such RSU. If, in connection with a Reorganization Event, a portion of 
the cash, securities and/or other property received upon the conversion or 
exchange of the Companys Common Stock is to be placed into escrow to 
secure indemnification or similar obligations, the mix between the vested 
and unvested portion of such cash, securities and/or other property that is 
placed into escrow shall be the same as the mix between the vested and 
unvested portion of such cash, securities and/or other property that is not 
subject to escrow.


6. Withholding Taxes; No Section 83(b) Election.

(a) The Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to 
deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Recipient any 
federal, state or local taxes of

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the grant of the 
RSUs, the issuance of the Shares to the Recipient upon vesting of the RSUs 
or otherwise with respect to this Award. On each date on which unvested 
RSUs vest pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall deliver written 
notice to the Recipient of the amount of withholding taxes due with respect 
to the vesting of those unvested RSUs that vest on such date; provided, 
however, that the total tax withholding cannot exceed the Companys minimum 
statutory withholding obligations (based on minimum statutory withholding 
rates for federal, state, local or foreign tax purposes, including payroll 
and social taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income). 
The Recipient shall satisfy such tax withholding obligations by the Company 
retaining, on each date on which unvested RSUs vest under this Agreement, 
such number of Shares that are issuable with respect to such RSUs as have a 
fair market value (calculated using the last reported sale price of the 
Common Stock of the Company on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on such 
vesting date, or if such vesting date is not a NASDAQ Global Select Market 
trading day, then on the trading day immediately preceding such vesting 
date) equal to the amount of the Companys statutory minimum tax 
withholding obligation in connection with the vesting of such unvested 
RSUs. The retention of Shares by the Company shall happen automatically, 
without any action required on the part of the Recipient, and the Company 
is hereby authorized to take such actions as are necessary to effect such 
retention.


(b) The Recipient has reviewed with the Recipients own tax advisors the 
federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Recipient is relying 
solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the 
Company or any of its agents. The Recipient understands that the Recipient 
(and not the Company) shall be responsible for the Recipients own tax 
liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. The Recipient understands an election under 
Section 83(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code is not available with 
respect to the RSUs.


7. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights to Employment or Engagement. The Recipient acknowledges and 
agrees that the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to Section 2 hereof is earned 
only by continuing service at the will of the Company (not through the act 
of being hired or being issued RSUs hereunder). The Recipient further 
acknowledges and agrees that the transactions contemplated hereunder and 
the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or 
implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant or 
otherwise for the vesting period, for any period, or at all.


(b) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of 
this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provision of this Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement 
shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law.


(c) Waiver. Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this 
Agreement may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by 
the Board of Directors of the Company.


(d) Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the Company and the Recipient and their respective heirs, 
executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns, 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 3 of this 
Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(e) Notice. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing 
and deemed effectively given upon personal delivery or five days after 
deposit in the United States Post Office, by registered or certified mail, 
postage prepaid, addressed to the other party hereto at the address shown 
beneath his or its respective signature to this Agreement, or at such other 
address or addresses as either party shall designate to the other in 
accordance with this Section 7(e).


(f) Pronouns. Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this 
Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter 
forms, and the singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the 
plural, and vice versa.


(g) Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire 
agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements and 
understandings, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.


(h) Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written 
instrument executed by both the Company and the Recipient.


(i) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and 
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware 
without regard to any applicable conflicts of laws.


(j) Recipients Acknowledgments. The Recipient acknowledges that he or she: 
(i) has read this Agreement; (ii) has been represented in the preparation, 
negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of the 
Recipients own choice or has voluntarily declined to seek such counsel; 
(iii) understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement; and (iv) is 
fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the day and year first above written.
 
PC CONNECTION, INC
By: 	  	
 
  	[insert name and title]
 
Accepted and Agreed
 
[insert name of recipient]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Schedule A