 EX-10.26 3 g23565a4exv10w26.htm EX-10.26

Exhibit 10.26


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made effective as of    
                                    (the Effective Date), by and between 
Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation (the Company or Employer) and Jay 
Sidhu (the Executive). The Company owns 100% of the common stock of 
Atlantic Coast Bank (the Bank), and is the majority-owned subsidiary of 
Atlantic Coast Federal, MHC (the MHC).

     WHEREAS, the Executive shall be employed as Executive Chairman of the 
Company; and

     WHEREAS, Executive is willing to serve the Company on the terms and 
conditions hereinafter set forth; and

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein 
contained, and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, 
the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

     During the term of this Agreement, Executive will be employed as 
Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company (the Executive Position), 
and will perform all duties and will have all powers associated with such 
positions as set forth in the job description for such Executive Position 
as established by the Company and attached to this Agreement as Appendix A. 
Executive shall be responsible for the overall management of the Company, 
and shall be responsible for establishing the business objectives, policies 
and strategic plans of the Company and its subsidiaries in conjunction with 
the Board of Directors. Executive shall be responsible for providing 
leadership and direction to all divisions of the Company, and will be the 
primary contact and liaison between the Board of Directors and management 
of the Company. During the term of the Agreement, Executive also agrees to 
serve, if elected, as an officer and/or director of any subsidiary or 
affiliate of Company and in such capacity carry out such duties and 
responsibilities reasonably appropriate to that office.

     Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the performance of his 
duties hereunder, he is bound by the terms of the Companys Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics, the terms of which are incorporated by 
reference herein. Executive further agrees that he will recuse himself from 
any action by the Board of Directors which, directly or indirectly, 
involves any other entity with which Executive is affiliated as an 
employee, director or otherwise.

2. TERM/OTHER ACTIVITIES.

     (a) Three Year Contract; Annual Renewal. Subject to his election to 
the Board of Directors of the Company, the term of Executives employment 
under this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall 
continue thereafter for a period of three (3) years. Commencing on the 
first anniversary date of this Agreement (the Anniversary Date) and 
continuing on each Anniversary Date thereafter, the term of this Agreement 
shall renew for an additional year such that the remaining term of this 
Agreement is always three (3) years provided, however, that in order for 
the Agreement to renew, the disinterested members of the

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) must take the following 
actions prior to each non-renewal notice period (as described in the next 
sentence): (i) at least sixty (60) days prior to the Anniversary Date, 
conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation and review of Executive for 
purposes of determining whether to extend the Agreement; and (ii) 
affirmatively approve the renewal or non-renewal of the Agreement, which 
decision shall be included in the minutes of the Boards meeting. If the 
decision of such disinterested members of the Board is not to renew the 
Agreement, then the Board shall provide the Executive with a written notice 
of non-renewal (Non-Renewal Notice) at least thirty (30) days and not 
more than sixty (60) days prior to any Anniversary Date, such that this 
Agreement shall terminate at the end of twenty-four (24) months following 
such Anniversary Date.

     (b) Termination of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in 
this Agreement to the contrary, either Executive or the Employer may 
terminate Executives employment with the Employer at any time during the 
term of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.

     (c) Continued Employment Following Termination of Employment Period. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall mandate or prohibit a continuation of 
Executives employment following the expiration of the term of this 
Agreement, upon such terms and conditions as the Company and Executive may 
mutually agree.

     (d) Commitment to the Company; Membership on Other Boards. During the 
term of the Agreement, except for periods of absence occasioned by illness, 
reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence approved by 
the Board, Executive shall devote such proportion of his business time, 
attention, skill, and efforts as is reasonably necessary to the faithful 
performance of his duties hereunder including activities and services 
related to the organization, operation and management of the Company; 
provided, however, that, with the prior approval of the Board, Executive 
may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, and hold 
any other offices or positions in, business companies or business 
organizations, which, in the Boards judgment, will not present any 
conflict of interest with the Employer, or materially affect the 
performance of Executives duties pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes 
of this Section, Board approval shall be deemed to have been granted as to 
service with any such business company or organization that Executive was 
serving as of the date of this Agreement and which was disclosed to the 
Board. including, but not limited to, Executives employment with New 
Century Bank, Phoenixville, PA and any affiliate thereof.

3. COMPENSATION, BENEFITS AND REIMBURSEMENT.

     (a) Base Salary. Commencing on June 1, 2010 through the closing of the 
Second Step Conversion (as defined below), the Employer shall accrue on 
behalf of Executive a salary at the rate of $250,000 per year (Base 
Salary). The amount accrued during this period shall be payable to the 
Executive in the first regular payroll following the closing of the Second 
Step Conversion, net of applicable taxes. It is expressly understood by 
Executive that there can be no assurance when, if ever, the Second-Step 
Conversion will be completed and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the 
payment of the accrued Base Salary is expressly conditioned upon completion 
of the Second-Step Conversion. Following completion of the Second Step 
Conversion, Executive shall be paid the Base Salary biweekly, or with such 
other frequency as

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

officers and employees are generally paid, net of applicable taxes. During 
the period of this Agreement, Executives Base Salary shall be reviewed at 
least annually. Such review shall be conducted by the Board, and the 
Employer may increase, but not decrease, Executives Base Salary (with any 
increase in Base Salary to become Base Salary for purposes of this 
Agreement).

          (i) Bonus and Incentive Compensation. Executive shall be eligible 
to receive incentive compensation and bonuses on the terms set forth in any 
plan or arrangement of the Employer in which the Companys senior 
executives participate or as agreed to by the Employer and the Executive. 
Nothing paid to Executive under any such plan or arrangement will be deemed 
to be in lieu of other compensation to which Executive is entitled under 
this Agreement.

     (b) Employee Benefits.

          (i) Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee 
benefit plans, programs and arrangements as generally provided by the 
Employer to senior executive officers and for which Executive shall 
qualify.

          (ii) The Company shall reimburse up to $1,000 each month to 
Executive as a car allowance, net of applicable taxes; provided, however, 
that such reimbursement shall not continue after termination of Executives 
employment with the Employer (provided, however, that the Employer shall 
not reimburse Executive for the costs associated with such automobile, 
except for travel which is business related, which shall be reimbursed at 
the Employers established mileage rates).

          (iii) The Company shall reimburse up to $10,000 per year (net 
after applicable taxes) for Executives membership in a country club of 
Executives choosing; provided, however, that such reimbursement shall not 
continue after termination of Executives employment with the Employer.

          (iv) If the Company completes the Second Step Conversion (as 
defined below), the Employer shall, not later than thirty (30) days 
thereafter, enter into a supplemental executive retirement agreement with 
Executive providing for payment of an annual benefit equal to 60% of the 
average of his three highest years of cash compensation for a period of 
fifteen (15) years following his termination of employment at or after 
attaining age 65. Such benefit shall become vested upon the earlier of (A) 
a change in control of the Employer as defined in Code Section 409A (but 
not including the Second-Step Conversion), (B) the Executives death or 
disability prior to the age of 65, or (C) Executives attainment of age 65. 
The agreement shall further provide that no benefit shall be payable in the 
event of Executives termination of employment for cause (which includes 
termination at the request of the Office of Thrift Supervision or any 
successor agency) or if the Executive is no longer serving as a director of 
the Company following his termination of employment for reasons other than 
death or disability.

          (v) The Executive shall be granted (A) stock options for 100,000 
shares of the Companys common stock under the Companys 2005 Stock Option 
Plan with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the common 
stock (determined in accordance with the plan) on the date of grant and (B) 
25,000 shares of restricted stock under the Companys 2005

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Recognition and Retention Plan. Each grant shall vest in equal annual 
installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date and 
shall, in all other respects, be subject to the terms of the applicable 
plan and award agreement.

          (vi) Executive shall be entitled to participate in the group 
health insurance coverage provided by the Company or the Bank to its 
employees, under the same cost-sharing arrangement as generally applies to 
such employees.

          (vii) The Companys reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses (not 
to exceed $2,500 per year) for an annual physical examination for Executive 
at the Mayo Clinic or such other facility as Executive may determine.

     (c) Paid Time Off. Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation time 
each year during the term of this Agreement (measured on a fiscal or 
calendar year basis, in accordance with the Employers usual practices), as 
well as sick leave, holidays and other paid absences in accordance with the 
Employers policies and procedures for senior executives. Any unused paid 
time off during an annual period shall be treated in accordance with the 
Employers personnel policies as in effect from time to time.

     (d) Expense Reimbursements. During the Employment Period, the Employer 
shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable travel, entertainment 
and other reasonable expenses incurred by Executive during the course of 
performing his obligations under this Agreement consistent with the 
Employers expense reimbursement policy, upon presentation to the Employer 
of an itemized account of such expenses in such form as the Employer may 
reasonably require. All reimbursements under this Section 3(e) shall be 
paid as soon as practicable by the Employer; provided, however, that no 
payment shall be made later than March 15 of the year immediately following 
the year in which the expense was incurred.

4. PAYMENTS TO EXECUTIVE UPON AN EVENT OF TERMINATION.

     (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination (as herein defined) 
during the term of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 4 shall 
apply. As used in this Agreement, an Event of Termination shall mean and 
include any one or more of the following:

          (i) the involuntary termination by the Company of Executives 
full-time employment hereunder for any reason other than a termination due 
to Disability or death, as set forth in Section 6; or a termination upon 
Retirement, as defined in Section 7 or a termination for Cause, as 
defined in Section 8; and

          (ii) Executives voluntary resignation within two years after any 
of the following, unless consented to by Executive (where any vote by 
Executive in performance of his duties as a member of the Board in favor of 
such action shall constitute express consent of Executive to such action):

               (A) failure to appoint Executive to the position set forth 
in Section 1, or a material change in Executives function, duties, or 
responsibilities, which change would cause Executives position to become 
one of lesser responsibility, importance, or scope from the

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

position and responsibilities described in Section 1, to which Executive 
has not agreed in writing (and any such material change shall be deemed a 
continuing breach of this Agreement by the Bank); provided, however, that 
(i) a regulatory action which alters Executives duties, or (ii) a failure 
to re-elect Executive to the Board shall not constitute an Event of 
Termination under this Agreement and any change to Executives duties as an 
officer or director of any affiliate does not constitute an Event of 
Termination under this Agreement;

               (B) a relocation of Executives principal place of 
employment to a location that is more than 50 miles from Jacksonville, 
Florida;

               (C) a material reduction in the benefits and perquisites, 
including Base Salary, to Executive from those being provided as of the 
Effective Date (except for any reduction that is part of a reduction in pay 
or benefits that is generally applicable to officers or employees of the 
Employer) or;

               (D) a material breach of this Agreement by the Employer.

     Upon the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii) above (Good 
Reason), Executive shall have the right to elect to terminate his 
employment under this Agreement by resignation within ninety (90) days 
after the initial occurrence of such condition upon not less than thirty 
(30) days prior written notice given within a reasonable period of time 
(not to exceed sixty (60) days) after the initial event giving rise to the 
right to elect; provided, however, that the Employer shall be given at 
least thirty (30) days to remedy the condition before the Executive 
terminates employment. Such voluntary termination for Good Reason by 
Executive shall be an Event of Termination.

     (b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination, the Employer shall 
pay Executive, or, in the event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or 
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be, as severance pay or 
liquidated damages, or both, a lump sum in cash (net of applicable taxes) 
equal to three (3) times (i) the highest annual rate of Base Salary paid to 
Executive at any time under this Agreement and (ii) the highest annual 
bonus and non-equity incentive compensation paid to the Executive over the 
most recent three (3) calendar years prior to the Event of Termination; 
provided however, that, to the extent required by regulations or 
interpretations of the Office of Thrift Supervision, all severance payments 
under the Agreement shall be reduced not to exceed three (3) times 
Executives average annual compensation (as defined in such regulations or 
interpretations) over the most recent five (5) taxable years. Such payment 
shall not be reduced in the event Executive obtains other employment 
following the Event of Termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
event Executive is a Specified Employee (as defined in the Internal 
Revenue Code (the Code) Section 409A and the regulations thereunder) to 
the extent required under Code Section 409A, no payment shall be made to 
Executive prior to the first day of the seventh month following the Event 
of Termination.

     (c) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination, the Employer shall 
provide at the Employers expense, life and disability insurance coverage 
and non-taxable medical and dental insurance coverage substantially 
comparable to the coverage maintained by the Employer for Executive and his 
family prior to the Event of Termination, except to the extent such

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

coverage may be changed in its application to all of the Employers 
employees. Such coverage shall cease upon the earlier of (i) thirty-six 
(36) months following the Event of Termination or (ii) Executives 
obtaining substantially similar coverage (whether or not elected) from a 
new employer.

5. CHANGE IN CONTROL.

     In the event that the aggregate payments or benefits to be made or 
afforded to Executive pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement following the 
occurrence of a change in control, as defined in Code Section 280G, would 
be deemed to include an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G 
or any successor thereto, then at the election of Executive, (i) such 
payments or benefits shall be payable or provided to Executive over the 
minimum period necessary to reduce the present value of such payments or 
benefits to an amount that is one dollar ($1.00) less than three times 
Executives base amount under such Code Section 280G, or (ii) the 
payments or benefits to be provided under this Agreement shall be reduced 
to the extent necessary to avoid treatment as an excess parachute payment, 
with the allocation of the reduction among such payments and benefits to be 
determined by Executive. Notwithstanding anything in this subsection to the 
contrary, a change in control shall not be deemed to have occurred upon the 
Second-Step Conversion of the MHC, or in connection with any reorganization 
used to effect such a conversion.

6. TERMINATION FOR DISABILITY OR DEATH.

     (a) Termination of Executives employment based on Disability shall 
be construed to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and 
shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) Executive is unable to engage in 
any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death, or 
last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; (ii) by 
reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can 
be expected to result in death, or last for a continuous period of not less 
than twelve (12) months, Executive is receiving income replacement benefits 
for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health 
plan covering employees of the Employer; or (iii) Executive is determined 
to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration. The 
provisions of Sections 6(b) and (c) shall apply upon the termination of the 
Executives employment based on Disability.

     (b) Executive shall be entitled to receive Base Salary earned until 
the date of Executives termination of employment due to Disability, plus 
payment for unused vacation, personal leave, sick leave and other vested 
benefits, as well as payment under any short- or long-term disability plan 
maintained by the Employer, net of applicable taxes.

     (c) The Employer shall cause to be continued life, disability, and 
non-taxable medical and dental insurance coverage substantially comparable 
to the coverage maintained by the Employer for the Executive prior to the 
termination of his employment based on Disability, except to the extent 
such coverage may be changed in its application to all employees of the 
Employer or not available on an individual basis to an employee terminated 
based on Disability. This coverage shall cease upon the earlier of (i) the 
date Executive returns to the full-time

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

employment of the Employer; (ii) Executives full-time employment by 
another employer; or (iii) Executives death.

     (d) In the event of Executives death during the term of this 
Agreement, his estate, legal representatives or named beneficiaries (as 
directed by Executive in writing) shall be paid Executives earned but 
unpaid Base Salary through Executives date of death, and the Employer 
shall pay all premiums for six (6) months following Executives date of 
death for medical, dental and other insurance benefits normally provided 
for Executives family. Such payments are in addition to any other benefits 
that Executives beneficiaries may be entitled to receive under any 
employee benefit plan maintained by the Employer for the benefit of 
Executive, including, but not limited to, the Employers life insurance and 
tax-qualified and non-qualified retirement plans.

7. TERMINATION UPON RETIREMENT.

     Termination of Executives employment based on Retirement shall mean 
termination of Executives employment at age sixty-five (65) or in 
accordance with any retirement policy established by the Board with 
Executives consent with respect to him. Upon termination of Executive 
based on Retirement, no amounts or benefits shall be due Executive under 
this Agreement, and Executive shall be entitled to all benefits under any 
retirement plan of the Employer and other plans to which Executive is a 
party.

8. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE.

     The Employer may terminate the Executives employment at any time, but 
any termination other than termination for Cause, as defined herein, 
shall not prejudice the Executives right to compensation or other benefits 
under the Agreement. The Executive shall have no right to receive 
compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for 
Cause. Termination for Cause shall include termination because of the 
Executives personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct, breach 
of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, material breach of the Code of 
Ethics of either the Bank or the Company, material violation of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley requirements for officers of public companies that in the 
reasonable opinion of the Board will likely cause substantial financial 
harm or substantial injury to the reputation of the Company or the Bank, 
willfully engaging in actions that in the reasonable opinion of the Board 
will likely cause substantial financial harm or substantial injury to the 
business reputation of the Company or the Bank, failure to perform stated 
duties after receiving written notice of Executives failure to perform 
assigned duties, willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other 
than routine traffic violations or similar offenses) or final 
cease-and-desist order, or material breach of any provision of the 
Agreement.

9. NOTICE OF TERMINATION.

     (a) Any termination of Executives employment hereunder shall be 
communicated by Notice of Termination as defined in Section 9(c) to the 
other party and shall be effective as of the Date of Termination. Date 
of Termination shall mean (i) if Executives employment is terminated for 
any reason other than for Cause, thirty (30) days after the Notice of 
Termination is

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

given, and (ii) if Executives employment is terminated for Cause, the date 
specified in the Notice of Termination. If, within thirty (30) days after 
any Notice of Termination is given, Executive notifies the Company that a 
dispute exists concerning the termination, the parties shall promptly 
proceed to arbitration, as provided in Section 19. Notwithstanding the 
pendency of any such dispute, the Employer shall discontinue paying 
Executives compensation until the dispute is finally resolved in 
accordance with this Agreement. If it is determined that Executive is 
entitled to compensation and benefits under Section 4, the payment of such 
compensation and benefits by the Employer shall commence immediately 
following the date of resolution by arbitration, with interest due 
Executive on the cash amount that would have been paid pending arbitration 
(at the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal from time to 
time).

     (b) For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall 
mean a written notice that shall indicate the specific termination 
provision in this Agreement relied upon as the basis for termination of 
Executives employment under this Agreement.

10. POST-TERMINATION OBLIGATIONS AND CONFIDENTIALITY.

     (a) Executive hereby covenants and agrees that (except following a 
change in control as defined in Section 5(a) above), for a period of one 
year following his termination of employment with the Company, he shall 
not, without the written consent of the Company, either directly or 
indirectly:

          (i) solicit, offer employment to, or take any other action 
intended (or that a reasonable person acting in like circumstances would 
expect) to have the effect of causing any officer or employee of the Bank 
or the Company, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, to 
terminate his or her employment and accept employment or become affiliated 
with, or provide services for compensation in any capacity whatsoever to, 
any business whatsoever that competes with the business of the Bank or the 
Company, or any of their direct or indirect subsidiaries or affiliates or 
has headquarters or offices within 50 miles of the locations in which the 
Bank or the Company has business operations or has filed an application for 
regulatory approval to establish an office;

          (ii) become an officer, employee, consultant, director, 
independent contractor, agent, sole proprietor, joint venturer, greater 
than five percent (5%) equity owner or stockholder, partner or trustee of 
any savings bank, savings and loan association, savings and loan holding 
company, credit union, bank or bank holding company, insurance company or 
agency, any mortgage or loan broker or any other entity competing with the 
Bank or its affiliates in the same geographic locations where the Bank or 
its affiliates has material business interests; or

          (iii) solicit, provide any information, advice or recommendation 
or take any other action intended (or that a reasonable person acting in 
like circumstances would expect) to have the effect of causing any customer 
of the Bank to terminate an existing business or commercial relationship 
with the Bank.

     (b) Executive shall, upon reasonable notice, furnish such information 
and assistance to the Bank as may reasonably be required by the Bank, in 
connection with any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates is, or may become, a party; provided, however, that

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Executive shall not be required to provide information or assistance with 
respect to any litigation between the Executive and the Bank or any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates.

     (c) All payments and benefits to Executive under this Agreement shall 
be subject to Executives compliance with this Section 10. The parties 
hereto, recognizing that irreparable injury will result to the Employer, 
its business and property in the event of Executives breach of this 
Section 10, agree that, in the event of any such breach by Executive, the 
Employer will be entitled, in addition to any other remedies and damages 
available, to an injunction to restrain the violation hereof by Executive 
and all persons acting for or with Executive. Executive represents and 
admits that Executives experience and capabilities are such that Executive 
can obtain employment in a business engaged in other lines and/or of a 
different nature than the Employer, and that the enforcement of a remedy by 
way of injunction will not prevent Executive from earning a livelihood. 
Nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the Employer from pursuing 
any other remedies available to them for such breach or threatened breach, 
including the recovery of damages from Executive.

     (d) As a condition to Executives receipt of any payments under 
Sections 4, 5 or 6 of this Agreement, Executive agrees to enter into and 
execute a release in a form satisfactory to Employer.

11. SOURCE OF PAYMENTS.

     All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash 
or check from the general funds of the Company.

12. EFFECT ON PRIOR AGREEMENTS AND EXISTING BENEFITS PLANS.

     This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties 
hereto and supersedes any prior employment agreement between the Employer 
or any predecessor of the Employer and Executive, except that this 
Agreement shall not affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation 
inuring to Executive of a kind elsewhere provided. No provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted to mean that Executive is subject to 
receiving fewer benefits than those available to him without reference to 
this Agreement.

13. NO ATTACHMENT; BINDING ON SUCCESSORS.

     (a) Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under this 
Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale, 
assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution, 
attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and 
any attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to effect any such action shall be 
null, void, and of no effect.

     (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, 
Executive and the Employer and their respective successors and assigns.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

14. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.

     (a) This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an 
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

     (b) No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have 
been waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any 
provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party 
charged with such waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be 
deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each 
such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived 
and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future 
as to any act other than that specifically waived.

15. REQUIRED PROVISIONS.

     (a) The Company may terminate Executives employment at any time, but 
any termination by the Board other than termination for Cause shall not 
prejudice Executives right to compensation or other benefits under this 
Agreement. Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other 
benefits for any period after termination for Cause.

     (b) If Executive is suspended from office and/or temporarily 
prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Banks affairs by a 
notice served under Section 8(e)(3) [12 U.S.C. §1818(e)(3)] or 8(g)(1) [12 
U.S.C. §1818(g)(1)] of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the Companys 
obligations under this contract shall be suspended as of the date of 
service, unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the 
notice are dismissed, the Company may in its discretion (i) pay Executive 
all or part of the compensation withheld while its contract obligations 
were suspended and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part) any of its 
obligations which were suspended.

     (c) If Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from 
participating in the conduct of the Banks affairs by an order issued under 
Section 8(e)(4) [12 U.S.C. §1818(e)(4)] or 8(g)(1) [12 U.S.C. §1818(g)(1)] 
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, all obligations of the Company under 
this Agreement shall terminate as of the effective date of the order, but 
vested rights of the contracting parties shall not be affected.

     (d) If the Bank is in default as defined in Section 3(x)(1) [12 U.S.C. 
§1813(x)(1)] of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, all obligations of the 
Company under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but 
this paragraph shall not affect any vested rights of the contracting 
parties.

     (e) All obligations under this Agreement shall be terminated, except 
to the extent determined that continuation of the contract is necessary for 
the continued operation of the Bank, (i) by the Director of the Office of 
Thrift Supervision (OTS) or his or her designee, at the time the FDIC 
enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of the Bank 
under the authority contained in Section 13(c) [12 U.S.C. §1823(c)] of the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act; or (ii) by the Director or his or her 
designee at the time the Director or his or her designee approves a 
supervisory merger to resolve problems related to operation of the Bank or 
when the Bank is determined by the Director to be in an unsafe or unsound 
condition. Any rights of the parties that have already vested, however, 
shall not be affected by such action.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (f) Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, any 
payments to Executive by the Bank or the Company, whether pursuant to this 
Agreement or otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their 
compliance with Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 
U.S.C. § 1828(k), and the regulations promulgated thereunder in 12 C.F.R. 
Part 359.

16. SEVERABILITY.

     If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement, or any part of 
any provision, is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other 
provision of this Agreement or any part of such provision not held so 
invalid, and each such other provision and part thereof shall to the full 
extent consistent with law continue in full force and effect.

17. HEADINGS FOR REFERENCE ONLY.

     The headings of sections and paragraphs herein are included solely for 
convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or 
interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

18. GOVERNING LAW.

     This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida 
but only to the extent not superseded by federal law.

19. ARBITRATION.

     Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this 
Agreement shall be settled exclusively by binding arbitration, as an 
alternative to civil litigation and without any trial by jury to resolve 
such claims, conducted by a panel of three arbitrators sitting in a 
location selected by Executive and Employer within fifty (50) miles from 
the main office of the Bank, in accordance with the rules of the American 
Arbitration Associations National Rules for the Resolution of Employment 
Disputes (National Rules) then in effect. One arbitrator shall be 
selected by Executive, one arbitrator shall be selected by the Employer and 
the third arbitrator shall be selected by the arbitrators selected by the 
parties. If the arbitrators are unable to agree within fifteen (15) days 
upon a third arbitrator, the arbitrator shall be appointed for them from a 
panel of arbitrators selected in accordance with the National Rules. 
Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award in any court having 
jurisdiction.

20. INDEMNIFICATION.

     Executive shall be provided with coverage under a standard directors 
and officers liability insurance policy, and shall be indemnified for the 
term of this Agreement and for a period of six years thereafter to the 
fullest extent permitted under applicable law against all expenses and 
liabilities reasonably incurred by him in connection with or arising out of 
any action, suit or proceeding in which he may be involved by reason of his 
having been a director or officer of the Company or the Bank or any 
affiliate (whether or not he continues to be a director or officer at the 
time of incurring such expenses or liabilities), such expenses and 
liabilities to include, but not be limited to, judgments, court costs and 
attorneys fees and the cost of

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

reasonable settlements (such settlements must be approved by the Board), 
provided, however, Executive shall not be indemnified or reimbursed for 
legal expenses or liabilities incurred in connection with an action, suit 
or proceeding arising from any illegal or fraudulent act committed by 
Executive. Any such indemnification shall be made consistent with Section 
545.121 of the OTS Regulations and Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. § 1828(k), and the regulations issued thereunder 
in 12 C.F.R. Part 359.

21. NOTICE.

     For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by courier service or 
express mail, mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth 
below:
  	  	 
To the Company:
  	Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
 
  	Attn: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
 
  	12724 Gran Bay Parkway West
 
  	Jacksonville, Florida 32258
 
  	 
To Executive:
  	Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation
 
  	Attn: Executive Chairman of the Board
 
  	12724 Gran Bay Parkway West
 
  	Jacksonville, Florida 32258

22. COMPLIANCE WITH TARP REGULATIONS.

     Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no 
payment shall be made, and no benefit shall be accrued, to the Executive if 
such payment or benefit accrual would be prohibited by 12 C.F.R. Part 30 or 
any other law or regulation prohibiting such payment or accrual.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SIGNATURES

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be 
executed by its duly authorized representative, and Executive has signed 
this Agreement, effective as of the date first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	ATLANTIC COAST FEDERAL CORPORATION 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
Date
  	Name: 	  	
 
  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	
 
  	 
 
  	  	  	
 
  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	EXECUTIVE 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Date 	  	Jay Sidhu 	  	 

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


APPENDIX A  JOB DESCRIPTION

14