 EX-10 2 exhibit108.htm STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
 
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Abakan Inc., 2009 
Stock Option Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option 
Agreement.
 
I.          NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT
 
The undersigned Optionee, Prosper Financial Inc., has been granted an 
option (herein referred to as the “Option”) to purchase up to an aggregate 
of Five Hundred Thousand (500,000) shares of Common Stock of the 
Corporation, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Stock 
Option Agreement, as follows:

            1.         Optionee:                                            
 Prosper Financial Inc.

2.         Date of Grant:                                      October 19, 
2010

3.         Exercise Price per Share:                     $0.65

4.         Total Number of Shares:                      500,000 Shares of 
Common Stock

5.         Total Exercise Price:                            $325,000

6.         Type of Option:                                                
Incentive Stock Option

                             X    Non-Statutory Stock Option

                            7.         Term/Expiration Date:               
                                     Ten (10) years from Date of Grant

    8.         Vesting Schedule: This Option shall be exercisable, in whole
    or in part, according to the following vesting schedule:

        (a)        On October 19, 2011 Optionee shall have the right to
        exercise that portion of the Option granted herein for One Hundred
        Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty Six (166,666) shares of
        Common Stock.

        (b)        On October 19, 2012 Optionee shall have the right to
        exercise that portion of the Option granted herein for One Hundred
        Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty Six (166,666) shares of
        Common Stock.

        (c)        On October 19, 2013 Optionee shall have the right to
        exercise that portion of the Option granted herein for One Hundred
        Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty Seven (166,667) shares of
        Common Stock.

            9.         Termination:   

        (a)        In the event of Optionee’s Involuntary Termination, as
        that term is defined in the Plan, this Option shall immediately
        vest in full and shall be exercisable as to all Shares of Common
        Stock subject to this Option for a period of twelve (12) months
        after Optionee ceases to be a Service provider.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit 10.8
 
        (b)        In the event of Optionee’s termination of employment for
        any reason other than Involuntary Termination, the Optionee’s death
        or Disability, all outstanding options with respect to all unvested
        shares at the date of such termination held by the Optionee shall
        terminate and cease to remain outstanding, and Optionee shall have
        a period of twelve (12) months after Optionee ceases to be a
        Service provider in which to exercise any vested options.

        (c)        Upon Optionee’s death or Disability, this Option may be
        exercised for twelve (12) months after Optionee ceases to be an
        Employee or Service provider. 

        (d)        In no event may Optionee exercise this Option after the
        Term/Expiration Date provided above in the Notice of Grant.

II.        AGREEMENT

1.         Grant of Option. 

        (a)        The Plan Administrator of the Corporation hereby grants
        to the Optionee named in the Notice of Grant (the “Optionee”), the
        Option to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of
        Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of
        Grant (the “Exercise Price”), and subject to the terms and
        conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference.
        In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the
        Plan and this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the
        Plan shall prevail.

        (b)        If designated in the Notice of Grant as an Incentive
        Stock Option, this Option shall qualify as an Incentive Stock
        Option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. Nevertheless, to the
        extent that this Option exceeds the $100,000 rule of Code Section
        422(d) or fails to comply with any other requirement of Code
        Section 422 or regulations issued thereunder, such Option shall be
        treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

2.         Exercise of Option.

        (a)        Right to Exercise.  This Option shall be exercisable
        during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in
        the Notice of Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan
        and this Option Agreement.

        (b)        Method of Exercise.  This Option shall be exercisable by
        delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A
        (the “Exercise Notice”), which shall state the election to exercise
        the Option, the number of Shares with respect to which the Option
        is being exercised, and such other representations and agreements
        as may be required by the Corporation.  The Exercise Notice shall
        be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all
        Exercised Shares.  This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon
        receipt by the Corporation of such fully executed Exercise Notice
        accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price.

        (c)        Compliance with Law.  No Shares shall be issued pursuant
        to the exercise of an Option unless such issuance and such exercise
        comply with Applicable Law.  Assuming such compliance, for income
        tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the
        Optionee on the date on which the Option is exercised with respect
        to such Shares.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    3.         Optionee’s Representations.  In the event the Shares have
    not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
    “Securities Act”), at the time this Option is exercised, if required by
    the Corporation, the Optionee shall deliver to the Corporation,
    concurrently with the exercise of all or any portion of this Option,
    his or her Investment Representation Statement in the form attached
    hereto as Exhibit B.

    4.         Method of Payment.  Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
    shall be made by any manner provided in the Plan.  However, following
    the registration of the Shares under Section 12(g) of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, the Exercise Price also may be paid as follows:
         
        (a)        in shares of Common Stock held for the requisite period
        necessary to avoid a charge to the Corporation’s earnings for
        financial reporting purposes and valued at Fair Market Value on the
        Exercise Date; or

        (b)        to the extent the Option is exercised for vested shares
        through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which
        the Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option)
        concurrently will provide irrevocable written instructions to (i) a
        brokerage firm designated by the Corporation to effect the
        immediate sale of the purchased shares and remit to the
        Corporation, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement
        date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate exercise price
        payable for the purchased shares, plus all applicable Federal,
        state and local income and employment taxes required to be withheld
        by the Corporation by reason of such exercise and (ii) the
        Corporation to deliver the certificates for the purchased shares
        directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale.

    5.         Restrictions on Exercise.  This Option may not be exercised
    if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of
    payment of consideration for such shares would constitute a violation
    of any Applicable Law.

    6.         Limited Transferability of Option; Restrictions on Transfer
    of Shares.  If this Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option
    in the Option Grant Notice, this Option may not be transferred or
    assigned in any manner by Optionee other than by will or by the laws of
    descent and distribution, and during the lifetime of Optionee, may be
    exercised only by Optionee.  If this Option is designated as a
    Nonstatutory Stock Option in the Option Grant Notice, at the discretion
    of the Plan Administrator and in connection with Optionee’s estate
    plan, this Option may be assigned in whole or in part during Optionee’s
    lifetime to one or more members of Optionee’s immediate family or to a
    trust established exclusively for the benefit of one or more such
    family members.

    7.         Successors and Assigns.  The terms of the Plan and this
    Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators,
    heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee. 

    8.         Term of Option.  This Option may be exercised only within
    the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during
    such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option
    Agreement.

     

     

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit 10.8
 
    9.         Entire Agreement, Governing Law.  The Plan is incorporated
    herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement, together with
    all Exhibits attached hereto, constitute the entire agreement of the
    parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in
    their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Corporation
    and Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be
    modified adversely to the Optionee’s interest except by means of a
    writing signed by the Corporation and Optionee. This Option Agreement
    is governed by the internal substantive laws but not the choice of law
    rules of Florida.

    10.       No Guarantee of Continued Service.  OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND
    AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF ANY PORTION OF THIS OPTION PURSUANT TO THE
    VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN CONSULTANT
    OR SERVICE PROVIDER. OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS
    OPTION AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE
    VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A CONSULTANT OR SERVICE
    PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL.

    11.       Conflict.  If there is a conflict between this Agreement and
    the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.

    12.       Acknowledgement.  Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of
    the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and
    provisions thereof, and hereby accepts the Option granted hereunder
    subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.  Optionee has
    reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had
    an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this
    Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Option
    Agreement.  Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and
    final all decisions or interpretations of the Plan Administrator on any
    questions arising under the Plan or this Option Agreement. Optionee
    further agrees to notify the Corporation upon any change in the
    residence address indicated below.

ABAKAN INC.

 
 
By: /s/ Robert Miller               
Name: Robert Miller
Title: On Behalf of the Board of Directors
 
 
OPTIONEE
 
 
/s/ Maria Maz                                                               
                       
Prosper Financial Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A
 

ABAKAN INC.

2009 STOCK OPTION PLAN
 
EXERCISE NOTICE
 
 
Abakan Inc.
____________________________
____________________________
 
Attention: ___________________
 
 
1.         Exercise of Option.  Effective as of this ___ day of 
____________, 20__ the undersigned (“Optionee”) hereby elects to exercise 
Optionee’s option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the “Shares”) of 
Abakan Inc. (the “Corporation”) granted under and pursuant to the 2009 
Stock Option Plan (the “Plan”) and the Stock Option Agreement dated October 
19, 2010 (the “Option Agreement”).
 
2.         Delivery of Payment.  Optionee herewith delivers to the 
Corporation the full exercise price of the Shares, as set forth in the 
Option Agreement.
 
3.         Representations of Optionee.  Optionee acknowledges that 
Optionee has received, read and understands the Plan and the Option 
Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and 
conditions.
 
4.         Rights as Shareholder.  Until the issuance of the Shares (as 
evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a 
duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation), no right to receive 
dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to 
the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option.  The Shares shall 
be issued to the Optionee as soon as practicable after the Option is 
exercised. No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for 
which the record date is prior to the date of issuance.
 
5.         Tax Consultation. Optionee understands that Optionee may suffer 
adverse tax consequences as a result of Optionee’s purchase or disposition 
of the Shares.  Optionee represents that Optionee has consulted with any 
tax consultants Optionee deems advisable in connection with the purchase or 
disposition of the Shares and that Optionee is not relying on the 
Corporation for any tax advice.
 
6.         Restrictive Legends and Stop‑Transfer Orders.
 
    (a)        Legends. Optionee understands and agrees that, in addition
    to any other legends the Board determines, in its discretion, are
    necessary or appropriate, the Corporation shall cause the legends set
    forth below or legends substantially equivalent thereto, to be placed
    upon any certificate(s) evidencing ownership of the Shares together
    with any other legends that may be required by the Corporation or by
    state or federal securities laws:
 
        The shares represented by this certificate have not been registered
        under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The shares have been
        acquired for investment and may not be offered, sold or otherwise
        transferred in the absence of an effective registration statement
        with respect to the shares or an exemption from the registration
        requirements of said act that is then applicable to the shares, as
        to which a prior opinion of counsel acceptable to the issuer or
        transfer agent may be required.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     
    (b)        Stop-Transfer Notices.  Optionee agrees that, in order to
    ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the
    Corporation may issue appropriate “stop transfer” instructions to its
    transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Corporation transfers its own
    securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its
    own records.
 
    (c)        Refusal to Transfer.  The Corporation shall not be required
    (i) to transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or
    otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this
    Exercise Notice or (ii) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord
    the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee
    to whom such Shares shall have been so transferred.
 
7.         Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this 
Exercise Notice shall be submitted by Optionee or by the Corporation 
forthwith to the Administrator which shall review such dispute at its next 
regular meeting. The resolution of such a dispute by the Administrator 
shall be final and binding on all parties.
 
8.         Governing Law; Severability. This Exercise Notice is governed by 
the internal substantive laws but not the choice of law rules, of the State 
of Florida.
 
9.         Entire Agreement. The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated 
herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan, the Option Agreement 
and the Investment Representation Statement constitute the entire agreement 
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in 
their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Corporation and 
Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified 
adversely‑to the Optionee’s interest except by means of a writing signed by 
the Corporation and Optionee.
 
 
Submitted by:                                                               
           Accepted by:
                            OPTIONEE                                       
                                                    ABAKAN INC.
 
 
_____________________________                          By                   
                                    
Signature                                                                   
   Name                                                  
                                                                            
        Title                                                    
_____________________________
Print Name
 
_____________________________
Address                                                                     
  Date Received                                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT B

 

ABAKAN INC.

2009 STOCK OPTION PLAN

INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT

 

OPTIONEE:                                         
_____________________________

CORPORATION:                                ABAKAN INC.

SECURITIES:                                                  COMMON STOCK

AMOUNT:                                           
_____________________________

DATE:                                                 
_____________________________

 
In connection with the purchase of the above-listed Securities, the 
undersigned Optionee represents to the Corporation the following:
 
(a)        Optionee is aware of the Corporation’s business affairs and 
financial condition and has acquired sufficient information about the 
Corporation to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the 
Securities. Optionee is acquiring these Securities for investment for 
Optionee’s own account only and not with a view to, or for resale in 
connection with, any “distribution” thereof within the meaning of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
 
(b)        Optionee acknowledges and understands that the Securities 
constitute “restricted securities” under the Securities Act and have not 
been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific 
exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the 
bona fide nature of Optionee’s investment intent as expressed herein. In 
this connection, Optionee understands that, in the view of the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, the statutory basis for such exemption may be 
unavailable if Optionee’s representation was predicated solely upon a 
present intention to hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains 
period specified under tax statutes, for a deferred sale, for or until an 
increase or decrease in the market price of the Securities, or for a period 
of one year or any other fixed period in the future. Optionee further 
understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless they are 
subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such 
registration is available. Optionee further acknowledges and understands 
that the Corporation is under no obligation to register the Securities.  
Optionee understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities will be 
imprinted with a legend that prohibits the transfer of the Securities 
unless they are registered or such registration is not required in the 
opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Corporation, and any other legend 
required under applicable state securities laws.
 
(c)        Optionee is familiar with the provisions of Rule 701 and Rule 
144, each promulgated under the Securities Act, which, in substance, permit 
limited public resale of “restricted securities” acquired, directly or 
indirectly from the issuer thereof, in a non‑public offering subject to the 
satisfaction of certain conditions. Rule 701 provides that if the issuer 
qualifies under Rule 701 at the time of the grant of the Option to the 
Optionee, the exercise will be exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
In the event that the Corporation does not qualify under Rule 701 at the 
time of grant of the Option, then the Securities may be resold in certain 
limited circumstances subject to the provisions of Rule 144, including: (i) 
the resale may occur not less than six (6) months after the date the 
Securities were sold by the Corporation, (ii) the resale may be made 
through a broker in an unsolicited “broker’s transaction” or in 
transactions directly with a market maker (as said term is defined under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); and, in the case of an affiliate, 
(iii) certain public information must be made available about the 
Corporation, (iv) the amount of Securities being sold during any three 
month period may not exceed the limitations specified in Rule 144(e), and 
(v) a Form 144 must be timely filed, if applicable.
 
            (d)        Optionee further understands that in the event all 
of the applicable requirements of Rule 701 or 144 are not satisfied, 
registration under the Securities Act, compliance with Regulation A, or 
some other registration exemption will be required; and that, 
notwithstanding the fact that Rules 144 and 701 are not exclusive, the 
staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has expressed its opinion 
that persons proposing to sell private placement securities other than in a 
registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rules 144 or 701 will 
have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from 
registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons 
and their respective brokers who participate in such transactions do so at 
their own risk. Optionee understands that no assurances can be given that 
any such other registration exemption will be available in such event.
 
 
 
                                                                            
                                                                   
                                                                            
        Signature of Optionee:
                                                                            
       
                        Date:  _____________________, 20___
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 