 EX-10.50 10 ex10_50.htm EXHIBIT 10.50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.50
SECOND AMENDMENT
TO THE
EMPLOYMENT AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

The Sheridan Group, Inc. (the "Employer") and Gary J. Kittredge (the 
"Employee") wish to amend the Employee's Employment and Non-Competition 
Agreement dated April 1, 2007 (the "Agreement") to (i) bring the Agreement 
into compliance with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code section 409A 
and the Treasury Regulations and other authoritative guidance issued under 
that section, pursuant to IRS Notice 2010-6, and (ii) provide additional 
severance benefits.

Accordingly, the Agreement is amended as follows:

1.  Effective September 1, 2010, a new item (E) is added to Section 6(e)(i) 
to read as follows:

"and (E) payment of reasonable expenses related to career transition 
services (outplacement) with a mutually agreed upon provider, in accordance 
with the Employer's outplacement schedule of benefits."

2.  Effective September 1, 2010, paragraph (ii) of Section 6(e) is amended 
in its entirety to read as follows:

"(ii) The Employer shall not reduce the amount payable under the provisions 
of Section 6(e)(i)  if the Employee accepts other employment during the 
Severance Period."

3.  Effective April 1, 2007, Section 10(g) – Arbitration of Disputes – is 
amended by deleting the sentence that was added to the end of that Section 
by Amendment No. 1 and by replacing it in its entirety with the following 
new language:

"The Employee's right to reimbursement of expenses by the Employer under 
this Section is available to the Employee during the Employee's lifetime.  
The amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement during one calendar year 
shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other 
calendar year. Any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made to 
the Employee by the last day of the calendar year following the calendar 
year in which the expense was incurred."

4.  Effective April 1, 2007, Section 10(i) – Governing Law – is amended by 
adding the following new sentence to the end of that Section:

"To the extent Code section 409A applies, the terms of this Agreement shall 
be interpreted as necessary to comply with the requirements of Code section 
409A."

In all other respects, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment to be duly 
executed, effective as specified herein.

ATTEST/WITNESS:
  	
THE SHERIDAN GROUP, INC.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	/s/ Dale A. Tepp 	  	  	/s/ John A. Saxton
  	  	  	  	 
Print Name:
Dale A. Tepp
  	
Print Name:
John A Saxton
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	
Date:
August 31, 2010
  	  	  	  	 
  	/s/ Dale A. Tepp 	  	/s/ Gary J. Kittredge
  	  	  	
Gary J. Kittredge
Print Name:
Dale A. Tepp
  	  	 
  	  	  	
Date:
September 20, 2010
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------