 EX-10.2 3 dex102.htm SECOND AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.2


SECOND AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT AGREEMENT


This SECOND AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT AGREEMENT dated as of November 5, 2010 
(this Amendment) is by and between GeoMet, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(the Company), and Sherwood Energy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the Investor). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein 
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Investment Agreement (as 
defined below).


BACKGROUND


WHEREAS, the Company and Investor entered into that certain Investment 
Agreement dated June 2, 2010 and subsequently amended that agreement on 
September 3, 2010 (the Investment Agreement);


WHEREAS, the Company consummated the Rights Offering and the Investor and 
Company consummated the Backstop Commitment on September 14, 2010;


WHEREAS, Section 2.2(f) of the Investment Agreement requires that the 
Company cause a registration statement to be filed with the SEC that 
registers the Backstop Shares for resale no later than 60 Business Days 
after consummation of the Backstop Closing; and


WHEREAS, the Company and Investor desire to amend the Investment Agreement 
to extend the deadline for filing such registration statement with the SEC 
from 60 Business Days to 180 Business Days;


AGREEMENT


NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agree 
as follows:


1. Section 2.2(f) of the Investment Agreement is hereby amended by 
restatement in its entirety to read as follows:

(f) Registration of Backstop Shares. No later than one hundred eighty 
(180) Business Days after the consummation of the Backstop Closing, the 
Company shall cause a registration statement to be filed with the SEC that 
registers the Backstop Shares for resale such that, upon the effectiveness 
of such registration statement, the Backstop Shares will be freely tradable 
by the Investor free and clear of any restrictions (including any 
restrictions that would otherwise be imposed due to the Investors 
ownership in the Company or its rights under this Investment Agreement) not 
otherwise agreed or consented to by Investor. Such registration statement 
shall be subject to the Investors prior review and consent, not to be 
unreasonably withheld. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable 
best efforts to have such registration statement declared effective by the 
SEC as soon as practicable thereafter.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2. Ratification. The Investment Agreement, as hereby amended, is ratified 
and confirmed in all respects.


3. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS 
RULE OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.


4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as 
if the signatures were upon the same instrument.


(Remainder of page intentionally left blank)
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment is executed by the undersigned on the 
date set forth above.
 

GEOMET, INC.

By:

  	

/s/ J. Darby Seré

  	

J. Darby Seré

  	

President and Chief Executive Officer

 
 

SHERWOOD ENERGY, LLC

By:

  	

/s/ Michael McGovern

  	

Michael McGovern

  	

President

 
3