 EX-10.41 13 a2200874zex-10_41.htm EX-10.412
Exhibit 10.41
 
FORM OF DIRECTOR DESIGNATION AGREEMENT
 
DIRECTOR DESIGNATION AGREEMENT, dated as of November  [  ], 2010 (this 
Agreement), between Aeroflex Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and VGG Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (VGG
).
 
WHEREAS, the Company has determined that it is in its best interests to 
effect an initial public offering (IPO) of shares of common stock, par 
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock);
 
WHEREAS, it is in the best interests of the Company to attract and retain 
highly qualified persons to serve on the Board of Directors;
 
WHEREAS, VGG is expected to designate highly qualified persons for 
nomination to the Board of Directors; and
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, the Company and VGG desire to enter 
into this Agreement setting forth certain rights of VGG to designate 
persons for nomination to the Board of Directors.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to 
be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
1.             Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the meanings ascribed to them below:
 
Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
Bylaws means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as may be 
amended from time to time.
 
Certificate of Incorporation means the Amended and Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation of the Company, as may be amended from time to time.
 
Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company, joint venture, association, trust or other entity or organization, 
including a government or political subdivision or an agency or 
instrumentality thereof.
 
VGG Operating Agreement means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability 
Company Operating Agreement of VGG, initially dated as of August 15, 2007, 
between VGG and the other parties thereto, as amended to date.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.             Board Representation.
 
(a)           At all times commencing upon the consummation of the IPO and 
continuing until such time as the Company is required to comply with Rule 
303A.01 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual or any 
successor rule thereto (the NYSE Majority Independent Board Rule), the 
Company and the Board of Directors shall, acting through the Corporate 
Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors, include in 
the slate of nominees recommended to stockholders of the Company (the 
Stockholders) for election as directors at any annual or special meeting 
of the Stockholders at which directors of the Company are to be elected, 
such individuals as are designated by VGG (the VGG Nominees).  At such 
time as the Company is first required to comply with the NYSE Majority 
Independent Board Rule, to the extent then required for compliance by the 
Company with such rule, VGG shall cause one or more of the VGG Nominees to 
resign from the Board of Directors; provided, that, VGG shall not be 
required to cause the resignation of a number of directors that would 
result in it maintaining on the Board of Directors less than the number of 
directors that it is then permitted to nominate pursuant to Section 2(b).
 
(b)           During such time as (i) VGG owns less than a majority (but at 
least one) of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the 
Company that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
(the Voting Shares) and (ii) the Company is required to comply with the 
NYSE Majority Independent Board Rule, the Company and the Board of 
Directors shall include, acting through the Corporate Governance and 
Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors, in the slate of nominees 
recommended to Stockholders for election as directors at any annual or 
special meeting of the Stockholders at which directors of the Company are 
to be elected, not less than four VGG Nominees.
 
(c)           Vacancies arising through the death, resignation, 
disqualification or removal of a VGG Nominee may be filled by the Board of 
Directors only with a person designated by VGG (and such person shall be 
deemed to be a VGG Nominee).
 
(d)           Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2, VGG shall 
not be entitled to designate a particular person as a nominee to the Board 
of Directors or to designate a particular person to fill a vacancy on the 
Board of Directors upon a written determination by the Board of Directors 
or the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Company (which 
determination shall set forth in writing the grounds for such 
determination) that (A) such person would not be qualified under any 
applicable law, rule or regulation to serve as a director of the Company or 
(B) the inclusion of such person as a nominee for election as a director or 
the appointment of such person to the Board of Directors would violate the 
fiduciary duties of the members of the Board of Directors or the Corporate 
Governance and Nominating Committee under applicable law.  Except as set 
forth in the preceding sentence, neither the Company nor any other 
Stockholder shall have the right to object to any VGG Nominee.
 
(e)           The Company shall notify VGG in writing of the date on which 
proxy materials are expected to be mailed by the Company in connection with 
an election of directors at an annual or special meeting of the 
Stockholders (and such notice shall be delivered to VGG at least 120 days 
prior to such expected mailing date with respect to any annual meeting of 
the Stockholders and at least 30 days prior to such expected mailing date 
with respect to any
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
special meeting of the Stockholders).  The Company shall provide VGG with a 
reasonable opportunity to review and provide comments on any portion of the 
proxy materials relating to the VGG Nominees or the rights and obligations 
provided under this Agreement and to discuss any such comments with the 
Company.  The Company shall notify VGG of any opposition to a VGG Nominee 
designated pursuant to Section 2(a) or (b) sufficiently in advance of the 
date on which such proxy materials are to be mailed by the Company in 
connection with such election of directors so as to enable VGG to propose a 
replacement VGG Nominee, if necessary, in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, and VGG shall have not less than 10 business days to designate 
another nominee.  The Company shall notify VGG of any opposition to a VGG 
Nominee designated to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors pursuant to 
Section 2(c) no later than 2 business days following any determination made 
in accordance with Section 2(d) and VGG shall have the right to designate 
another person to fill such vacancy.
 
(f)            Without the prior written consent of VGG, the Company shall 
not take any action, including making or recommending any amendment to the 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, that would decrease the size of the 
Board of Directors if such decrease would cause the Company to fail to 
satisfy the NYSE Majority Independent Board Rule, to the extent then 
applicable, without the resignation of a VGG Nominee from the Board of 
Directors, or that otherwise could reasonably be expected to adversely 
effect VGGs rights under this Agreement.
 
(g)           Without limiting the foregoing, the Company agrees that it 
will not enter into any agreement or understanding or make any commitment 
to any Person or otherwise take any action that would violate or be 
inconsistent with any provision or agreement contained in this Agreement or 
that reduces or eliminates the rights of VGG set forth in this Agreement.
 
3.             Miscellaneous.
 
(a)           Governing Law.  This Agreement and the rights and obligations 
of the parties hereunder and the Persons subject hereto shall be governed 
by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State 
of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof.
 
(b)           Certain Adjustments.  The provisions of this Agreement shall 
apply to the full extent set forth herein with respect to any and all 
shares of capital stock of the Company or any successor or assign of the 
Company (whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise) 
which may be issued in respect of, in exchange for, or in substitution for 
the shares of Common Stock, by combination, recapitalization, 
reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise and the term Common 
Stock shall include all such other securities.
 
(c)           Enforcement.  Each of the parties agrees that in the event of 
a breach of any provision of this Agreement, the aggrieved party may elect 
to institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent 
jurisdiction to enforce specific performance or to enjoin the continuing 
breach of this Agreement.  Such remedies shall, however, be cumulative and 
not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other remedy which any party 
hereto may have.  Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in New York and 
Delaware for the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the subject matter hereof.  
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each party hereto hereby consents 
to service of process made in accordance with Section 3(f).
 
(d)           Successors and Assigns.  Except as otherwise provided herein, 
the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns.
 
(e)           Entire Agreement; Termination.  This Agreement constitutes 
the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with 
regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or 
written (and all contemporaneous oral) agreements or understandings with 
respect to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement shall terminate and 
be of no further force and effect at such time as VGG ceases to 
beneficially own any Voting Shares.
 
(f)            Notices.  All notices, requests, demands, waivers and other 
communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered 
personally, (b) mailed, certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, 
(c) sent by next-day or overnight mail or delivery or (d) sent by fax, as 
follows (or to such other address as the party entitled to notice shall 
hereafter designate in accordance with the terms hereof):
 
If to the Company:
 
Aeroflex Holding Corp.
35 South Service Road
P.O. Box 6022
Plainview, NY  11803
Attention:  Leonard Borow
Facsimile No.:  (516) 694-0658
Telephone No.:  (516) 694-6700
 
If to VGG:
 
VGG Holding Corp.
c/o Veritas Capital Fund Management, L.L.C.
590 Madison Avenue
New York, New York  10022
Attention:  Robert B. McKeon
Facsimile No.:  (212) 688-0020
Telephone No.:  (212) 415-6700
 
With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
919 Third Avenue
New York, New York  10022
Attention:  Benjamin M. Polk, Esq.
Michael R. Littenberg, Esq.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Facsimile No.:  (212) 593-5955
Telephone No.:  (212) 756-2000
 
All such notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications shall 
be deemed to have been received by (w) if by personal delivery, on the day 
delivered, (x) if by certified or registered mail, on the fifth business 
day after the mailing thereof, (y) if by next-day or overnight mail or 
delivery, on the day delivered, or (z) if by fax, on the day delivered, 
provided that such delivery is confirmed.
 
(g)           Waiver.  Waiver by any party hereto of any breach or default 
by the other party of any of the terms of this Agreement shall not operate 
as a waiver of any other breach or default, whether similar to or different 
from the breach or default waived.  No waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement shall be implied from any course of dealing between the parties 
hereto or from any failure by either party to assert its or his or her 
rights hereunder on any occasion or series of occasions.
 
(h)           Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
(i)            Headings.  The headings to sections in this Agreement are 
for the convenience of the parties only and shall not control or affect the 
meaning or construction of any provision hereof.
 
(j)            Invalidity of Provision.  The invalidity or unenforceability 
of any provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the 
validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that 
jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, including 
that provision, in any other jurisdiction.
 
(k)           Amendments and Waivers.  The provisions of this Agreement may 
be amended at any time and from time to time, and particular provisions of 
this Agreement may be waived or modified, with and only with an agreement 
or consent in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.
 
(l)            Further Assurances.  Each party hereto shall do and perform 
or cause to be done and performed all such further acts and things and 
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, 
instruments and documents as any other party hereto or Person subject 
hereto may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and 
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement.
 
(m)          Third Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is not intended to, 
and does not, confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any 
rights or remedies.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been signed by each of the parties 
hereto, and shall be effective as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
AEROFLEX HOLDING CORP.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
VGG HOLDING LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

