 EX-10.1 2 a10-20903_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
EXECUTION VERSION
 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
November 8, 2010
 
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATION
     As Representative of the Initial Purchasers
One Bryant Park
New York, New York  10036
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Introductory.  Seneca Gaming Corporation (the Company), a governmental 
instrumentality chartered under the laws of the Seneca Nation of Indians 
(the Nation), a sovereign federally recognized Indian Nation, proposes to 
issue and sell to the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule A hereto 
(the Initial Purchasers), acting severally and not jointly, the 
respective amounts set forth in such Schedule A of an $325,000,000 
aggregate principal amount of the Companys 8.25% Senior Notes due 2018 
(the Notes).  Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated has 
agreed to act as the representative of the several Initial Purchasers (the 
Representative) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes.
 
The Securities (as defined below) will be issued pursuant to an indenture, 
to be dated as of November 18, 2010 (the Indenture), among the Company, 
the Guarantors (as defined below) and Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association, as trustee (the Trustee).  Notes will be issued only in 
book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository 
Trust Company (the Depositary) pursuant to a letter of representations, 
to be dated on or before the Closing Date (as defined in Section 2 hereof) 
(the DTC Agreement), between the Company and the Depositary.
 
The payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes 
will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis, 
jointly and severally by (i) the entities listed on the signature pages 
hereof as Guarantors and (ii) any subsidiary of the Company formed or 
acquired after the Closing Date that executes an additional guarantee in 
accordance with the terms of the Indenture, and their respective successors 
and assigns (collectively, the Guarantors), pursuant to their guarantees 
(the Guarantees).  The Notes and the Guarantees attached thereto are 
herein collectively referred to as the Securities.
 
Concurrently with the issuance of the Notes, the Company will enter into a 
$225,000,000 senior secured credit facility (the New Senior Secured Credit 
Facility), pursuant to a credit agreement among the Company, the 
subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as 
Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer; Banc of America 
Securities LLC, as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Book Manager; Keybank 
National Association, as Joint Lead Arranger, Joint Book Manager and 
Syndication Agent; Commerzbank AG, as Joint Lead Arranger,
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Joint Book Manager and Documentation Agent; RBS Citizens, N.A., as 
Documentation Agent; and the other lenders party thereto.   The New Senior 
Secured Credit Facility will replace the Companys existing $50,000,000 
loan agreement (the Existing Senior Secured Loan Agreement) entered into 
by the Company, as borrower, and KeyBank National Association, as lender, 
on June 19, 2008 and amended on December 18, 2009.
 
On November 3, 2010, the Company announced a cash tender offer (the 
Tender Offer) to purchase any and all of the Companys outstanding 7 ¼% 
Senior Notes due 2012 (the 2012 Notes) issued pursuant to an Indenture, 
dated as of May 5, 2004 (as amended to date, the 2012 Notes Indenture), 
among the Company, Seneca Niagara Falls Gaming Corporation, the guarantors 
named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee.  The 
Company expects to use the net proceeds of the offering of the Notes, plus 
drawings under the New Senior Credit Facility and cash on hand, to purchase 
the 2012 Notes validly tendered by holders and accepted by the Company in 
the Tender Offer.
 
In connection with the offering of the Securities, the Nation will enter 
into an agreement with the Trustee, the Administrative Agent under the New 
Senior Secured Credit Facility and the Initial Purchasers, to be dated as 
of November 18, 2010 (the Nation Agreement), for the benefit of the 
holders of Securities.
 
The Company understands that the Initial Purchasers propose to make an 
offering of the Securities on the terms and in the manner set forth herein 
and in the Pricing Disclosure Package (as defined below) and agrees that 
the Initial Purchasers may resell, subject to the conditions set forth 
herein, all or a portion of the Securities to purchasers (the Subsequent 
Purchasers) on the terms set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package (the 
first time when sales of the Securities are made is referred to as the 
Time of Sale).  The Securities are to be offered and sold to or through 
the Initial Purchasers without being registered with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended, the Securities Act, which term, as used herein, includes the 
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder), in 
reliance upon exemptions therefrom.  Pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities and the Indenture, investors who acquire Securities shall be 
deemed to have agreed that Securities may only be resold or otherwise 
transferred, after the date hereof, if such Securities are registered for 
sale under the Securities Act or if an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available (including the exemptions 
afforded by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)).
 
The Company has prepared and delivered to each Initial Purchaser copies of 
a preliminary offering memorandum, dated November 3, 2010 (as amended or 
supplemented at the Time of Sale, including any information incorporated by 
reference therein, the Preliminary Offering Memorandum), and has prepared 
and delivered to each Initial Purchaser copies of a pricing supplement, 
dated November 8, 2010 (the Pricing Supplement), substantially in the 
form attached hereto as Schedule B, describing the terms of the Securities, 
each for use by such Initial Purchaser in connection with its solicitation 
of offers to purchase the Securities.  The Preliminary Offering Memorandum 
and the Pricing Supplement are herein referred to as the Pricing 
Disclosure Package.  Promptly after this Agreement is executed and 
delivered, the Company will prepare and deliver to each Initial Purchaser a 
final offering memorandum dated the date hereof
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(including any information incorporated by reference therein, the Final 
Offering Memorandum).
 
All references herein to the terms Pricing Disclosure Package and Final 
Offering Memorandum shall be deemed to mean and include all information 
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange 
Act, which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the 
Commission promulgated thereunder) prior to the Time of Sale and 
incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package (including the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum) or the Final Offering Memorandum (as the 
case may be), and all references herein to the terms amend, amendment 
or supplement with respect to the Final Offering Memorandum shall be 
deemed to mean and include all information filed under the Exchange Act 
after the Time of Sale and incorporated by reference in the Final Offering 
Memorandum.
 
The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Initial Purchasers as 
follows:
 
SECTION 1.           Representations and Warranties.  Each of the Company 
and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, hereby represents, warrants and 
covenants to each Initial Purchaser that, as of the date hereof and as of 
the Closing Date (references in this Section 1 to the Offering Memorandum
 are to (x) the Pricing Disclosure Package in the case of representations 
and warranties made as of the date hereof and (y) the Final Offering 
Memorandum in the case of representations and warranties made as of the 
Closing Date):
 
(a)           No Registration Required.  Subject to compliance by the 
Initial Purchasers with the representations and warranties set forth in 
Section 2 hereof and with the procedures set forth in Section 7 hereof, it 
is not necessary in connection with the offer, sale and delivery of the 
Securities to the Initial Purchasers and to each Subsequent Purchaser in 
the manner contemplated by this Agreement and the Offering Memorandum to 
register the Securities under the Securities Act or to qualify the 
Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (the Trust Indenture Act
, which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the 
Commission promulgated thereunder).
 
(b)           No Integration of Offerings or General Solicitation.  None of 
the Company, its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 501 under the 
Securities Act) (each, an Affiliate), or any person acting on its or any 
of their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company 
makes no representation, warranty or covenant) has, directly or indirectly, 
solicited any offer to buy or offered to sell, or will, directly or 
indirectly, solicit any offer to buy or offer to sell, in the United States 
or to any United States citizen or resident, any security which is or would 
be integrated with the sale of the Securities in a manner that would 
require the Securities to be registered under the Securities Act.  None of 
the Company, its Affiliates, or any person acting on its or any of their 
behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no 
representation, warranty or covenant) has engaged or will engage, in 
connection with the offering of the Securities, in any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 under 
the Securities Act.  With respect to those Securities sold in reliance upon 
Regulation S, (i) none of the Company, its Affiliates or any person acting 
on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the 
Company makes no representation, warranty or covenant) has engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts within the meaning of Regulation S 
and (ii) each of the Company and its Affiliates and any person acting on 
its or
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company 
makes no representation or warranty) has complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions set forth in Regulation S.
 
(c)           Eligibility for Resale under Rule 144A.  The Securities are 
eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A and will not be, at the Closing 
Date, of the same class as securities listed on a national securities 
exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or quoted in a U.S. 
automated interdealer quotation system.
 
(d)           The Pricing Disclosure Package and Offering Memorandum.  
Neither the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Time of Sale, nor the 
Final Offering Memorandum, as of its date or (as amended or supplemented in 
accordance with Section 3(a), as applicable) as of the Closing Date, 
contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 
provided that this representation, warranty and agreement shall not apply 
to statements in or omissions from the Pricing Disclosure Package, the 
Final Offering Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto made in 
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company 
in writing by or on behalf of any Initial Purchaser through the 
Representative expressly for use in the Pricing Disclosure Package, the 
Final Offering Memorandum or amendment or supplement thereto, as the case 
may be.  The Pricing Disclosure Package contains, and the Final Offering 
Memorandum will contain, all the information specified in, and meeting the 
requirements of, Rule 144A.  The Company has not distributed and will not 
distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of 
the Initial Purchasers distribution of the Securities, any offering 
material with respect to the offering and sale of the Securities other than 
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum.
 
(e)           Company Additional Written Communications.  The Company has 
not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or distributed and will not 
prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or distribute any written 
communication that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer 
to buy the Securities other than (i) the Pricing Disclosure Package, (ii) 
the Final Offering Memorandum and (iii) any electronic road show or other 
written communications, in each case used in accordance with Section 3(a).  
Each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives 
pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding sentence (each, a Company 
Additional Written Communication), when taken together with the Pricing 
Disclosure Package, did not as of the Time of Sale, and at the Closing Date 
will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 
provided that this representation, warranty and agreement shall not apply 
to statements in or omissions from each such Company Additional Written 
Communication made in reliance upon and in conformity with information 
furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of any Initial 
Purchaser through the Representative expressly for use in any Company 
Additional Written Communication.
 
(f)            Incorporated Documents.  The documents incorporated or 
deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum at the 
time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission (collectively, 
the Incorporated Documents) complied and will comply as to form in all 
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act.  Each such 
Incorporated
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Document, when taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package, did not 
as of the Time of Sale, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any 
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
 
(g)           The Purchase Agreement.  This Agreement has been duly 
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantors.
 
(h)           The DTC Agreement.  The DTC Agreement has been duly 
authorized and, on the Closing Date, will have been duly executed and 
delivered by, and will constitute a valid and binding agreement of, the 
Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the 
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting 
the rights and remedies of creditors or by general principles of equity.
 
(i)            Authorization of the Notes and the Guarantees.  The Notes to 
be purchased by the Initial Purchasers from the Company will on the Closing 
Date be in the form contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly 
authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the 
Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the 
Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture 
and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will 
constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in 
accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be 
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other 
similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors 
or by general principles of equity and will be entitled to the benefits of 
the Indenture.  The Guarantees of the Notes on the Closing Date will be in 
the forms contemplated by the Indenture and have been duly authorized for 
issuance pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture; the Guarantees of 
the Notes, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by each of the 
Guarantors and, when the Notes have been authenticated in the manner 
provided for in the Indenture and issued and delivered against payment of 
the purchase price therefor, the Guarantees of the Notes will constitute 
valid and binding agreements of the Guarantors enforceable in accordance 
with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws 
relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general 
equitable principles and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.
 
(j)            Authorization of the Indenture.  The Indenture has been duly 
authorized by the Company and the Guarantors and, at the Closing Date, will 
have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantors and 
will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the 
Guarantors, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantors in 
accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited 
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws 
relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general 
principles of equity.
 
(k)           Description of the Securities and the Indenture.  The 
Securities and the Indenture will conform in all material respects to the 
descriptions thereof contained in the Offering Memorandum.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(l)            No Material Adverse Change in Business.  Since the 
respective dates as of which information is given in the Offering 
Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment of supplement thereto), except as 
otherwise stated therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change in 
the financial condition, business, assets or results of operation of the 
Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not 
arising in the ordinary course of business (any such change is called a 
Material Adverse Change), (B) there have been no transactions entered 
into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than those in the 
ordinary course of business, which are material with respect to the Company 
and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and (C) there has been 
no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the 
Company to the Nation other than the type disclosed in the Offering 
Memorandum.
 
(m)          Independent Accountants.  Ernst & Young LLP , which expressed 
its opinion with respect to the financial statements (which term as used in 
this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) and supporting schedules 
included in the Offering Memorandum is an independent registered public 
accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act 
and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and any 
non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young LLP to the Company or any of 
the Guarantors have been approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Company.
 
(n)           Preparation of the Financial Statements.  The financial 
statements, together with the related schedules and notes, included in the 
Offering Memorandum present fairly in all material respects the 
consolidated financial position of the entities to which they relate as of 
and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash 
flows for the periods specified.  Such financial statements have been 
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as 
applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the 
periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes 
thereto.  The financial data set forth in the Offering Memorandum under the 
captions SummarySummary Historical Consolidated Financial and Other Data 
and Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data fairly present the 
information set forth therein on the basis stated in the Offering 
Memorandum.  The statistical and market-related data and forward-looking 
statements included in the Offering Memorandum are based on or derived from 
sources that the Company and its subsidiaries believe to be reliable and 
accurate in all material respects and represent their good faith estimates 
that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.
 
(o)           Good Standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries.  The 
Company and its subsidiaries are validly existing entities chartered under 
the laws of the Nation, each with power and authority to conduct its 
business as described in the Offering Memorandum and, in the case of the 
Company and the Guarantors, to enter into and perform its obligations under 
each of this Agreement, the DTC Agreement, the Securities and the 
Indenture. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any 
corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed 
in Exhibit B hereto.
 
(p)           Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters.  At June 30, 
2010, on a consolidated basis, after giving pro forma effect to the 
issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant hereto and the Indenture, and 
the consummation of the Refinancing Transactions (as defined in
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum), the Company 
would have the capitalization as set forth in the Offering Memorandum under 
the caption Capitalization.
 
(q)           Ownership.  The Company is owned solely by the Nation.
 
(r)            Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further 
Authorizations or Approvals Required.  Neither the Company nor any of its 
subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter, bylaws or other 
constitutive document or (ii) in default (or, with the giving of notice or 
lapse of time, would be in default) (Default) under any indenture, 
mortgage, loan or credit agreement, note, contract, franchise, lease or 
other instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party 
or by which it or any of them may be bound (including, without limitation, 
the 2012 Notes Indenture, and the Existing Senior Secured Loan Agreement) 
or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except, in the 
case of clause (ii) above, for such Defaults as would not, individually or 
in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change.  The Companys 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the DTC Agreement 
and the Indenture, and the issuance and delivery of the Securities, and 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by the 
Offering Memorandum (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action 
required by the charter of the Company and will not result in any violation 
of the provisions of the charter, bylaws or other constitutive document of 
the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a 
breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined 
below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge 
or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any 
Existing Instrument, except for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults, liens, 
charges or encumbrances as would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
result in a Material Adverse Change, and (iii) will not result in any 
violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court 
decree applicable to the Company or any subsidiary.  No consent, approval, 
authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court 
or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency is required for the 
Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the DTC 
Agreement or the Indenture, or the issuance and delivery of the Securities, 
or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by 
the Offering Memorandum, except such as have been obtained or made by the 
Company and are in full force and effect or except as may be required under 
blue sky laws or other applicable securities laws of the several states of 
the United States or provinces of Canada.  As used herein, a Debt 
Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition which gives, or 
with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any 
note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on 
such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or 
repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries.
 
(s)           Absence of Proceedings.  Except as described in the Offering 
Memorandum, there are no actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or 
investigations before or brought by any court or governmental agency or 
body (tribal, domestic or foreign), now pending, or, to the knowledge of 
the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries which are reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse 
Change, or which are reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect 
the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries considered
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
as one enterprise, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement or the performance by the Company and the Guarantors of 
their obligations hereunder.  Other than matters disclosed in the Offering 
Memorandum, the aggregate of all pending legal or governmental proceedings 
to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any 
of their respective property or assets is the subject, including ordinary 
routine litigation incidental to the business, could not reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
(t)            Possession of Intellectual Property.  The Company and its 
subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate 
licenses, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other 
unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, 
systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other 
intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to 
carry on the business now operated by them, and neither the Company nor any 
of its subsidiaries has received any notice or is otherwise aware of any 
infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to 
any Intellectual Property or of any facts or circumstances which would 
render any Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the 
interest of the Company or any of its subsidiaries therein, and which 
infringement or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, 
ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, singly or in the aggregate, 
would result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
(u)           Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or 
authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, 
qualification or decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency, 
including without limitation approval by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, 
United States Department of Interior under 25 U.S.C. §81 or approval by the 
National Indian Gaming Commission under 25 C.F.R. §502.5, is necessary or 
required for the performance by the Company or the Guarantors of their 
obligations hereunder, in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of 
the Securities hereunder or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, except such as have been already obtained 
or as may be required under any necessary qualification under the 
securities or blue sky laws of the various jurisdictions in which the 
Securities are being offered by the Initial Purchasers.
 
(v)           Possession of Licenses and Permits.  The Company and its 
subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other 
authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the 
appropriate Nation, federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or 
bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where 
the failure so to possess would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in 
a Material Adverse Change; the Company and its subsidiaries are in 
compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, 
except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the 
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the Governmental 
Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the 
invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such 
Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not, singly or 
in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and, except as 
disclosed in the Offering Memorandum, neither the Company nor any of its 
subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the 
revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, singly 
or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or 
finding, would result in a Material Adverse Change.
 
(w)          Title to Properties.  The Company and its subsidiaries have 
good title to all real property owned by the Company and its subsidiaries 
and good title to all other properties owned
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, 
security interests, claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind except 
such as (a) are described in the Offering Memorandum or (b) would not, 
singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and, 
except as described in the Offering Memorandum, all of the leases and 
subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, 
considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries holds properties described in the Offering Memorandum, are in 
full force and effect, and except as described in the Offering Memorandum, 
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any notice of any 
material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the 
rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any of the leases or 
subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the 
Company or any subsidiary thereof to the continued possession of the leased 
or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.
 
(x)            Tax Matters.  The Company and its subsidiaries have filed 
all necessary federal, state and foreign income, franchise and material 
other tax returns and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of 
them and, if due and payable, except as disclosed in the Offering 
Memorandum, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied 
against any of them.  The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and 
reserves in accordance with GAAP in the applicable financial statements 
referred to in Section 1(m) hereof in respect of all federal, state and 
foreign income, franchise and material other taxes for all periods as to 
which the tax liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has not 
been finally determined.  Subject to the qualifications and limitations set 
forth in the Offering Memorandum under the caption Risk Factors  Risks 
Relating to our Relationship to the Nation  There is a lack of authority 
regarding the United States tax treatment of entities that have been 
chartered by Indian Tribes, each of the Company and the Guarantors is a 
non-taxable entity for purposes of federal income taxation under the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the income of the Company 
and the Guarantors is exempt from federal and state income taxation; the 
operations of the Company and the Guarantors are not subject to any sales 
or property tax for transactions conducted on lands held in restricted fee 
or on the Nations reservation territory.
 
(y)           Company and Guarantors Not an Investment Company.  The 
Company has been advised of the rules and requirements under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act, which term, 
as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission 
promulgated thereunder).  Neither the Company nor any Guarantor is, or 
after receipt of payment for the Securities will be, an investment 
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and will conduct 
its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the 
Investment Company Act.
 
(z)            No Price Stabilization or Manipulation.  None of the Company 
or any of the Guarantors has taken and will not take, directly or 
indirectly, any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected to 
cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any 
security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.
 
(aa)         Solvency.  Each of the Company and the Guarantors is, and 
immediately after the Closing Date will be, Solvent.  As used herein, the 
term Solvent means, with respect to any person on a particular date, that 
on such date (i) the fair market value of the assets of such person is 
greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent 
liabilities) of such person, (ii) 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the present fair salable value of the assets of such person is greater than 
the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of such 
person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, and (iii) such 
person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other 
liabilities, including contingent obligations, as they mature.
 
(bb)         Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley.  The Company and its 
subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors are in compliance 
with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which term, as used herein, includes the rules and 
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder).
 
(cc)         Companys Accounting System.  The Company and its subsidiaries 
maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting that is in 
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is sufficient to provide 
reasonable assurance that:  (i) transactions are executed in accordance 
with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the 
United States and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to 
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or 
specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is 
compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate 
action is taken with respect to any differences; the Companys auditors and 
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been 
advised of: (A) any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the 
design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the 
Companys ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; 
and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or 
other employees who have a role in the Companys internal controls; and 
since the date of the most recent evaluation of such internal control over 
financial reporting there has been no change that has materially affected, 
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal 
control over financial reporting.
 
(dd)         Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  The Company has 
established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term 
is defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act); such 
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information 
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or 
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and 
reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the 
Commission, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed 
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the 
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and 
communicated to the Companys management, including the chief executive 
officer and chief financial officer of the Company, to allow timely 
decisions regarding required disclosure.  Such disclosure controls and 
procedures are reasonably effective to perform the functions for which they 
were established subject to the limitations of any such control system.
 
(ee)         Environmental Laws.  Except as described in the Offering 
Memorandum and except such matters as would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change, neither the Company nor any 
of its subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Federal, state, 
local, Nation, and foreign statutes, laws (including common law), treaties, 
regulations, ordinances, rules, codes, judgments, orders (including consent 
orders), decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, 
agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
and the protection of the environment, natural resources or the release or 
threatened release of , or exposure to, chemicals, pollutants, 
contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, toxic 
materials, hazardous materials, petroleum or petroleum products, 
polychlorinated biphenyls, asbestos-containing materials or mold 
(collectively, Hazardous Materials) or the generation, manufacture, 
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, recycling or handling 
of, or the arrangement of such activities with respect to, Hazardous 
Materials (collectively, Environmental Law), or to take, in a timely 
manner, all actions necessary to obtain, maintain, renew and comply with 
any permit required under Environmental Law applicable to it or the Seneca 
Niagara Casino and Hotel, the Seneca Allegany Casino and Hotel, the Seneca 
Buffalo Creek Casino, the Seneca Hickory Stick Golf Course and any other 
location that the Company or any Guarantor conducts gaming business within 
the exclusivity area described in the Compact as in effect on the date 
hereof (collectively, the Venue), and all such permits are in full force 
and effect and not subject to any administrative or judicial appeal; (ii) 
has become a party to any governmental, administrative or judicial 
proceeding or any officer possesses knowledge of any such proceeding that 
has been threatened in writing against it under Environmental Law; (iii) 
has received written notice of, become subject to, or is aware of any facts 
or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for, 
any Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability  applicable to it or any 
Venue; (iv) possesses knowledge that any Venue (a) is subject to any lien, 
restriction on ownership, occupancy, use or transferability imposed 
pursuant to Environmental Law or (b) contains or previously contained 
Hazardous Materials of a form or type or in a quantity or location that 
could reasonably be expected to result in any Environmental Liability; (v) 
possesses knowledge that there has been a release or threat of release of 
Hazardous Materials at or from the Venues (or from any facilities or other 
properties formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries) in violation of, or in amounts or in a manner that could give 
rise to any Environmental Liability; (vi) has generated, treated, stored, 
transported or released Hazardous Materials in violation of, or in a manner 
or to a location, that, in either case, could reasonably be expected to 
give rise to any Environmental Liability; (vii) is aware of any facts, 
circumstances, conditions or occurrences in respect of any of the 
facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to (i) form the basis 
of any action, suit, claim or other judicial or administrative proceeding 
relating to liability under or noncompliance with any Environmental Law on 
the part of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) interfere with or 
prevent continued compliance with Environmental Law by the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries, (iii) require material upgrades or capital 
expenditures in order to maintain compliance or avoid environmental claims 
or environmental liabilities or (iv) result in any Environmental Liability; 
or (viii) has, pursuant to any order, decree, judgment or agreement by 
which it is bound, assumed the Environmental Liability of any other person. 
As used herein, Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, 
notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement 
order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise) brought 
pursuant to Environmental Law or otherwise directly or indirectly relating 
to or in connection with any actual or alleged Environmental Liability.  As 
used herein, Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, 
damage, loss, claims, action, suit, judgment, order, fine, penalty, fee, 
expense or cost (including administrative oversight costs, natural resource 
damages and remediation costs), whether contingent or otherwise of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or 
based upon (1) compliance or non-compliance with any Environmental Law, (2) 
the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or 
disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (3) exposure to
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any Hazardous Materials, (4) the release or threatened release of any 
Hazardous Materials, or (5) any contract, agreement or other consensual 
arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect 
to any of the foregoing.
 
(ff)          Absence of Labor Disputes.  No labor dispute with the 
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, is imminent, and the Company is not aware of any 
existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or 
any of its subsidiaries principal suppliers, manufacturers, customers or 
contractors, which, in either case, would result in a Material Adverse 
Change.
 
(gg)         Related Party Transactions.  No relationship, direct or 
indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any affiliate of 
the Company, on the one hand, and any director, officer, member, 
stockholder, customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the 
Company, on the other hand, which is required by the Securities Act to be 
disclosed in a registration statement on Form S-1 which is not so disclosed 
in the Offering Memorandum.  There are no outstanding loans, advances 
(except advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) 
or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any affiliate of the 
Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the 
Company or any affiliate of the Company or any of their respective family 
members.
 
(hh)         No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments.  Neither the 
Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, 
any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or 
indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the FCPA, 
including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or 
instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an 
offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any 
money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the 
giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is 
defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or 
any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA 
and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its 
affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and 
have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, 
and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued 
compliance therewith.
 
    FCPA means Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the
    rules and regulations thereunder.
     
(ii)           No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws.  The operations of 
the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times 
in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting 
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 
1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable 
jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or 
similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced 
by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and 
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental 
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, 
to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(jj)           No Conflict with OFAC Laws.  Neither the Company nor any of 
its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, 
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC); 
and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the 
offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to 
any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the 
purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any 
U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
 
(kk)         Sovereign Immunity.  The waivers of sovereign immunity 
(including the related agreements to submit claims to binding arbitration) 
by each of the Company and the Guarantors contained in this Agreement , the 
Indenture and the Nation Agreement are in compliance with all applicable 
federal and tribal laws and, upon execution of such documents, will 
effectively waive the sovereign immunity of such parties, will be 
irrevocable, validly and legally binding on such each of them, enforceable 
against such each of them in accordance with their respective terms and, no 
further action will be required to make any such waiver effective.
 
(ll)           New Senior Secured Credit Facility.  The New Senior Secured 
Credit Facility has been duly and validly authorized by the Company and the 
Guarantors and, when duly executed and delivered by the Company and the 
Guarantors, will be the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company 
and the Guarantors, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the 
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting 
the rights and remedies of creditors or by general principles of equity.
 
(mm)      Regulation S.  The Company, the Guarantors and its their 
respective affiliates and all persons acting on their behalf (other than 
the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company and the Guarantors make no 
representation) have complied with and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirements of Regulation S in connection with the offering 
of the Securities outside the United States and, in connection therewith, 
the Offering Memorandum will contain the disclosure required by Rule 902.
 
(nn)         Material Agreements and Orders.  Except as described in the 
Offering Memorandum, there are no agreements or instruments to which the 
Company or a Guarantor is a party and under which a default by the Company 
or such Guarantor could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Change (the Material Agreements), or any all judgments, orders or decrees 
of any court or administrative agency a violation of which could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Change (the Material Orders).
 
Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company or any Guarantor and 
delivered to the Initial Purchasers or to counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the 
Company or such Guarantor to each Initial Purchaser as to the matters set 
forth in such certificate.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SECTION 2.         Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Securities.
 
(a)           The Securities.  The Company agrees to issue and sell to the 
Initial Purchasers, severally and not jointly, all of the Notes, and the 
Initial Purchasers agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the 
Company the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite their 
names on Schedule A, at a purchase price of 98% of the principal amount 
thereof payable on the Closing Date, in each case, on the basis of the 
representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the 
terms, subject to the conditions thereto, herein set forth.
 
(b)           The Closing Date.  Delivery of certificates for the 
Securities in definitive form to be purchased by the Initial Purchasers and 
payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 885 
Third Avenue, New York, NY 10022, (or such other place as may be agreed to 
by the Company and the Representative) at 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on
November 18 , 2010, or such other time and date as the Representative shall 
designate by notice to the Company (the time and date of such closing are 
called the Closing Date).  The Company hereby acknowledges that 
circumstances under which the Representative may provide notice to postpone 
the Closing Date as originally scheduled include, but are in no way limited 
to, any determination by the Company or the Initial Purchasers to 
recirculate to investors copies of an amended or supplemented Offering 
Memorandum or a delay as contemplated by the provisions of Section 17 
hereof.
 
(c)           Delivery of the Securities.  The Company shall deliver, or 
cause to be delivered, to the Representative for the accounts of the 
several Initial Purchasers certificates for the Notes at the Closing Date 
against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available 
funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor.  The certificates for 
the Notes shall be in such denominations and registered in the name of Cede 
& Co., as nominee of the Depositary, pursuant to the DTC Agreement, and 
shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the 
Closing Date at a location in New York City, as the Representative may 
designate.  Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and 
place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations 
of the Initial Purchasers.
 
(d)           Initial Purchasers as Qualified Institutional Buyers.  Each 
Initial Purchaser severally and not jointly represents and warrants to, and 
agrees with, the Company that:
 
    (i)      it will offer and sell Securities only to (a) persons who it
    reasonably believes are qualified institutional buyers within the
    meaning of Rule 144A (Qualified Institutional Buyers) in transactions
    meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or (b) upon the terms and
    conditions set forth in Annex I to this Agreement;
     
    (ii)     it is an institutional accredited investor within the
    meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act;
    and
     
    (iii)    it will not offer or sell Securities by, any form of general
    solicitation or general advertising, including but not limited to the
    methods described in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.
     
SECTION 3.         Additional Covenants.  Each of the Company and the 
Guarantors further covenants and agrees with each Initial Purchaser as 
follows:
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)           Preparation of Final Offering Memorandum; Initial Purchasers 
Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements and Company Additional 
Written Communications.  As promptly as practicable following the Time of 
Sale and in any event not later than the second business day following the 
date hereof, the Company will prepare and deliver to the Initial Purchasers 
the Final Offering Memorandum, which shall consist of the Preliminary 
Offering Memorandum as modified only by the information contained in the 
Pricing Supplement.  The Company will not amend or supplement the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the Pricing Supplement.  The Company 
will not amend or supplement the Final Offering Memorandum prior to the 
Closing Date unless the Representative shall previously have been furnished 
a copy of the proposed amendment or supplement at least 24 hours prior to 
the proposed use or filing, and shall not have objected to such amendment 
or supplement.  Before making, preparing, using, authorizing, approving or 
distributing any Company Additional Written Communication, the Company will 
furnish to the Representative a copy of such written communication for 
review and will not make, prepare, use, authorize, approve or distribute 
any such written communication to which the Representative reasonably 
objects.
 
(b)           Amendments and Supplements to the Final Offering Memorandum 
and Other Securities Act Matters.  If at any time prior to the Closing Date 
(i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which any 
of the Pricing Disclosure Package as then amended or supplemented would 
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or 
(ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement any of the Pricing Disclosure 
Package to comply with law, the Company and the Guarantors will promptly 
notify the Initial Purchasers thereof and forthwith prepare and (subject to 
Section 3(a) hereof) furnish to the Initial Purchasers such amendments or 
supplements to any of the Pricing Disclosure Package as may be necessary so 
that the statements in any of the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended 
or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, be misleading or so that any of the Pricing Disclosure 
Package will comply with all applicable law.  If, prior to the completion 
of the placement of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers with the 
Subsequent Purchasers, any event shall occur or condition exist as a result 
of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Final Offering 
Memorandum, as then amended or supplemented, in order to make the 
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Final 
Offering Memorandum is delivered to a Subsequent Purchaser, not misleading, 
or if in the judgment of the Representative or counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Final 
Offering Memorandum to comply with law, the Company and the Guarantors 
agree to promptly prepare (subject to Section 3 hereof) and furnish at its 
own expense to the Initial Purchasers, amendments or supplements to the 
Final Offering Memorandum so that the statements in the Final Offering 
Memorandum as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the 
circumstances at the Closing Date and at the time of sale of Securities, be 
misleading or so that the Final Offering Memorandum, as amended or 
supplemented, will comply with all applicable law.
 
    The Company hereby expressly acknowledges that the indemnification and
    contribution provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereof are specifically
    applicable and relate to each offering memorandum, amendment or
    supplement referred to in this Section 3.
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           Copies of the Offering Memorandum.  The Company agrees to 
furnish the Initial Purchasers, without charge, as many copies of the 
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and any 
amendments and supplements thereto as they shall reasonably request.
 
(d)           Blue Sky Compliance.  Each of the Company and the Guarantors 
shall cooperate with the Representative and counsel for the Initial 
Purchasers to qualify or register (or to obtain exemptions from qualifying 
or registering) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under 
the securities laws of the several states of the United States, the 
provinces of Canada or any other jurisdictions designated by the 
Representative, shall comply with such laws and shall cooperate with the 
Representative and counsel for the Initial Purchasers to continue such 
qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required 
for the distribution of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers; provided, 
however, that none of the Company or any of the Guarantors shall be 
required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that 
would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction 
where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to 
taxation as a foreign corporation.  The Company will advise the 
Representative promptly of the suspension of the qualification or 
registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for 
offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat 
of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of 
any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, each of 
the Company and the Guarantors shall use its best efforts to obtain the 
withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.
 
(e)           Use of Proceeds.  The Company shall apply the net proceeds 
from the sale of the Securities sold by it in the manner described under 
the caption Use of Proceeds in the Pricing Disclosure Package.
 
(f)            The Depositary.  The Company will cooperate with the Initial 
Purchasers and use its best efforts to permit the Securities to be eligible 
for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary.
 
(g)           Additional Issuer Information.  So long as any of the Notes 
are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Act, the Company will, during any period in which it is not subject to and 
in compliance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or it is not 
exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to and in compliance with 
Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, for the benefit of holders and 
beneficial owners from time to time of the Securities, furnish, at its 
expense, upon request, to holders and beneficial owners of Securities and 
prospective purchasers of Securities information (Additional Issuer 
Information) satisfying the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4).
 
(h)           Agreement Not To Offer or Sell Additional Securities.  During 
the period of 60 days following the date hereof, the Company will not, 
without the prior written consent of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated), directly or 
indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell, pledge, 
transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning 
of Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, 
or announce the offering of, or file any registration statement under the 
Securities Act in
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
respect of, any debt securities of the Company or securities exchangeable 
for or convertible into debt securities of the Company (other than as 
contemplated by this Agreement).
 
(i)            No Integration.  The Company agrees that it will not and 
will cause its Affiliates not to make any offer or sale of securities of 
the Company of any class if, as a result of the doctrine of integration 
referred to in Rule 502 under the Securities Act, such offer or sale would 
render invalid (for the purpose of (i) the sale of the Securities by the 
Company to the Initial Purchasers, (ii) the resale of the Securities by the 
Initial Purchasers to Subsequent Purchasers or (iii) the resale of the 
Securities by such Subsequent Purchasers to others) the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) 
thereof or by Rule 144A or by Regulation S thereunder or otherwise.
 
(j)            No General Solicitation or Directed Selling Efforts.  The 
Company agrees that it will not and will not permit any of its Affiliates 
or any other person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial 
Purchasers, as to which no covenant is given) to (i) solicit offers for, or 
offer or sell, the Securities by means of any form of general solicitation 
or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D or 
in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 
4(2) of the Securities Act or (ii) engage in any directed selling efforts 
with respect to the Securities within the meaning of Regulation S, and the 
Company will and will cause all such persons to comply with the offering 
restrictions requirement of Regulation S with respect to the Securities.
 
(k)           No Restricted Resales.  The Company will not, and will not 
permit any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities 
Act) to resell any of the Notes that have been reacquired by any of them.
 
(l)            Legended Securities.  Each certificate for a Note will bear 
the legend contained in Transfer Restrictions in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum for the time period and upon the other terms stated in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum.
 
The Representative on behalf of the several Initial Purchasers, may, in its 
sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company or any 
Guarantor of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time 
for their performance.
 
SECTION 4.         Payment of Expenses.  Each of the Company and the 
Guarantors agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in 
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without 
limitation, (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the 
Securities (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary 
issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and 
sale of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers, (iii) all fees and 
expenses of the Companys and the Guarantors counsel, independent public 
or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and 
expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, 
shipping and distribution of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final 
Offering Memorandum (including financial statements and exhibits), and all 
amendments and supplements thereto, this Agreement, the Nation Agreement, 
the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the Notes and Guarantees, (v) all 
filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company, the 
Guarantors or the Initial Purchasers in connection with qualifying or 
registering (or obtaining
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of 
the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several 
states of the United States, the  provinces of Canada or other 
jurisdictions designated by the Initial Purchasers (including, without 
limitation, the cost of preparing, printing and mailing preliminary and 
final blue sky or legal investment memoranda and any related supplements to 
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Final Offering Memorandum, (vi) the 
fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the fees and disbursements of 
counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the 
Securities, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the 
Securities with the ratings agencies, (viii) any filing fees incident to, 
and any reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Initial 
Purchasers in connection with the review by FINRA, if any, of the terms of 
the sale of the Securities, (ix) all fees and expenses (including 
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company and the Guarantors 
in connection with approval of the Securities by the Depositary for 
book-entry transfer, and the performance by the Company and the 
Guarantors of their respective other obligations under this Agreement and 
(x) all expenses incident to the road show for the offering of the 
Securities, including the cost of any chartered airplane or other 
transportation; provided that to the extent the expenses described in 
clause (x) of this paragraph exceed $200,000, the Initial Purchasers agree 
to pay for 50% of such expenses in excess of such amount.  Except as 
provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Initial 
Purchasers shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and 
disbursements of their counsel.
 
SECTION 5.         Conditions of the Obligations of the Initial Purchasers.
  The obligations of the several Initial Purchasers to purchase and pay for 
the Securities as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to 
the accuracy of the representations and warranties (x) on the part of the 
Company and the Guarantors set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date 
hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made and to the timely 
performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations 
hereunder; (y) on the part of the Nation contained in the Nation Agreement 
as of its date and as of the Closing Date as though then made and to the 
timely performance by the Nation of its covenants and other obligations 
thereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions:
 
(a)           Accountants Comfort Letter.  On the date hereof, the Initial 
Purchasers shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP, the independent 
registered public accounting firm for the Company, a comfort letter dated 
the date hereof addressed to the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Representative, covering the financial information in 
the Pricing Disclosure Package and other customary matters.  In addition, 
on the Closing Date, the Initial Purchasers shall have received from such 
accountants a bring-down comfort letter dated the Closing Date addressed 
to the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Representative, in the form of the comfort letter delivered on the date 
hereof, except that (i) it shall cover the financial information in the 
Final Offering Memorandum and any amendment or supplement thereto and (ii) 
procedures shall be brought down to a date no more than 5 days prior to the 
Closing Date.
 
(b)           No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change.  For the 
period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing 
Date:
 
        (i)            in the judgment of the Representative there shall
        not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (ii)           there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor
        shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential
        downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not
        indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating
        accorded the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
        securities or indebtedness by any nationally recognized
        statistical rating organization as such term is defined for
        purposes of Rule 436 under the Securities Act.
         
(c)           Opinion of Counsel for the Company.  On the Closing Date the 
Initial Purchasers shall have received the favorable opinion and negative 
assurance letter of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, counsel for the 
Company, dated as of such Closing Date, the form of which is attached as 
Exhibit A.
 
(d)           Opinion of Counsel for the Initial Purchasers.  On the 
Closing Date the Initial Purchasers shall have received the favorable 
opinion and negative assurance letter of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for 
the Initial Purchasers, dated as of such Closing Date, with respect to such 
matters as may be reasonably requested by the Initial Purchasers.
 
(e)           Opinion of Indian Law Counsel for Initial Purchasers.  On the 
Closing Date the Initial Purchasers shall have received the favorable 
opinion and negative assurance letter of Faegre & Benson, LLP, special 
Indian Law counsel for the Initial Purchasers, dated as of such Closing 
Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the 
Initial Purchasers.
 
(f)            Officers Certificate.  On the Closing Date the Initial 
Purchasers shall have received:
 
      (x) a written certificate executed by the Chairman of the Board,
      Chief Executive Officer or President of the Company and each
      Guarantor and the Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer
      of the Company and each Guarantor, dated as of the Closing Date, to
      the effect set forth in Section 5(b)(ii) hereof, and further to the
      effect that:
       
        (i)            for the period from and after the date of this
        Agreement and prior to the Closing Date there has not occurred any
        Material Adverse Change;
         
        (ii)           the representations, warranties and covenants of the
        Company and the Guarantors set forth in Section 1 hereof were true
        and correct as of the date hereof and are true and correct as of
        the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though expressly
        made on and as of the Closing Date; and
         
        (iii)          the Company has complied with all the agreements and
        satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or
        satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date; and
         
      (y) a certificate of an authorized officer of the Nation, dated as of
      Closing Date, to the effect that (i) the representations and
      warranties in the Nation Agreement were true and correct as of the
      date hereof and are true and correct as of the Closing Date
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

       
      with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of
      the Closing Date and (ii) the Nation has complied with all the
      agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be
      performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date.
       
(g)           Indenture.  The Company and the Guarantors shall have 
executed and delivered the Indenture, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers, and the Initial Purchasers shall 
have received executed copies thereof.
 
(h)           New Senior Secured Credit Facility.  The New Senior Secured 
Credit Facility shall have been consummated on the terms and conditions 
described in the Pricing Disclosure Package.
 
(i)            Nation Agreement.  On or before the Closing Date, the Nation 
shall have executed the Nation Agreement, which shall be substantially in 
form attached hereto as Exhibit C.
 
(j)            Approval by the Nations Council.  (i) The Company and each 
of the Guarantors shall have received on or before the Closing Date 
approval by the Nations Council of (A) the waiver by the Company and each 
Guarantor of its sovereign immunity and (B) the submission by the Company 
and each Guarantor to jurisdiction of non-Nation courts, in the case of 
each of clauses (A) and (B), as set forth in this Agreement, the New Senior 
Secured Credit Facility, the DTC Agreement and the Indenture, and (ii) the 
Company and each of the Guarantors shall have received on or before the 
Closing Date approval by the Nations Council of the execution, delivery 
and performance of each of the transaction documents (including the Notes 
and the Guarantees) in connection with the offering of the Securities.
 
(k)           Additional Documents.  On or before the Closing Date, the 
Initial Purchasers and counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall have 
received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably 
require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and 
sale of the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the 
accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction 
of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.
 
(l)            Letter of Representation.  On or before the Closing Date, a 
letter of representation from Seneca Gaming Authority shall have been 
received in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers to 
the effect that none of the Initial Purchasers or the Holders of Notes or 
the Trustee is required to be licensed or registered or found suitable 
under applicable Nation law in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby, the ownership of any Notes or the execution and 
performance of the Indenture.
 
If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as 
required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the 
Representative by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the 
Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of 
any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8 and 9 hereof 
shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.
 
SECTION 6.         Reimbursement of Initial Purchasers Expenses.  If this 
Agreement is terminated by the Representative pursuant to Section 5 or 10 
hereof, including if the sale to the
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Initial Purchasers of the Securities on the Closing Date is not consummated 
because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to 
perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the 
Company agrees to reimburse the Initial Purchasers, severally, upon demand 
for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by 
the Initial Purchasers in connection with the proposed purchase and the 
offering and sale of the Securities, including, without limitation, fees 
and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, 
facsimile and telephone charges.
 
SECTION 7.                                Offer, Sale and Resale Procedures
.  Each of the Initial Purchasers, on the one hand, and the Company and 
each of the Guarantors, on the other hand, hereby agree to observe the 
following procedures in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Securities:
 
(a)                                  Offers and sales of the Securities 
will be made only by the Initial Purchasers or Affiliates thereof qualified 
to do so in the jurisdictions in which such offers or sales are made.  Each 
such offer or sale shall only be made to persons whom the offeror or seller 
reasonably believes to be Qualified Institutional Buyers or non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States to whom the offeror or seller reasonably 
believes offers and sales of the Securities may be made in reliance upon 
Regulation S upon the terms and conditions set forth in Annex I hereto, 
which Annex I is hereby expressly made a part hereof.
 
(b)                                 The Securities will be offered by 
approaching prospective Subsequent Purchasers on an individual basis.  No 
general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502 
under the Securities Act) will be used in the United States in connection 
with the offering of the Securities.
 
(c)                                  Upon original issuance by the Company, 
and until such time as the same is no longer required under the applicable 
requirements of the Securities Act, the Notes (and all securities issued in 
exchange therefor or in substitution thereof) shall bear the following 
legend:
 
        THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES
        SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT) AND MAY NOT BE
        OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) (1) TO A
        PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED
        INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE ACT
        PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED
        INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF
        RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903
        OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE ACT, (3) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL
        ACCREDITED INVESTOR IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION
        REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE
        NOTES OF $250,000, (4) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
        UNDER THE ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), OR
        (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT
        AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE
        STATES OF THE UNITED
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

        
        STATES.  THE HOLDER HEREOF AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH
        PERSON WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE
        SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.
        
Following the sale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers to 
Subsequent Purchasers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the 
Indenture, the Initial Purchasers shall not be liable or responsible to the 
Company for any losses, damages or liabilities suffered or incurred by the 
Company, including any losses, damages or liabilities under the Securities 
Act, arising from or relating to any resale or transfer of any Security.
 
SECTION 8.                                Indemnification.
 
(a)                                  Indemnification of the Initial 
Purchasers.  Each of the Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, 
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, its 
affiliates, directors, officers and employees, and each person, if any, who 
controls any Initial Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act and 
the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as 
incurred, to which such Initial Purchaser, affiliate, director, officer, 
employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities 
Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or 
regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any 
litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the 
Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or 
actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is 
based:  (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact contained in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Pricing 
Supplement, any Company Additional Written Communication or the Final 
Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the 
omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in 
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading; or (ii) in whole or in part 
upon any inaccuracy in the representations and warranties of the Company 
contained herein; or (iii) in whole or in part upon any failure of the 
Company to perform its obligations hereunder or under law; or (iv) any act 
or failure to act or any alleged act or failure to act by any Initial 
Purchaser in connection with, or relating in any manner to, the offering 
contemplated hereby, and which is included as part of or referred to in any 
loss, claim, damage, liability or action arising out of or based upon any 
matter covered by clause (i) above, provided that the Company shall not be 
liable under this clause (iv) to the extent that a court of competent 
jurisdiction shall have determined by a final judgment that such loss, 
claim, damage, liability or action resulted directly from any such acts or 
failures to act undertaken or omitted to be taken by such Initial Purchaser 
through its gross negligence or willful misconduct; and to reimburse each 
Initial Purchaser and each such affiliate, director, officer, employee or 
controlling person for any and all expenses (including the fees and 
disbursements of counsel chosen by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Initial 
Purchaser or such affiliate, director, officer, employee or controlling 
person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising 
or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; 
provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply, 
with respect to an Initial Purchaser, to any loss, claim, damage, liability 
or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based 
upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or 
alleged
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information 
furnished to the Company by such Initial Purchaser through the 
Representative expressly for use in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, 
the Pricing Supplement, any Company Additional Written Communication or the 
Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto).  The 
indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to 
any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have.
 
(b)                                 Indemnification of the Company and the 
Guarantors.  Each Initial Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly, to 
indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each Guarantor, each of their 
respective directors, officers, employees and each person, if any, who 
controls the Company or any Guarantor within the meaning of the Securities 
Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or 
expense, as incurred, to which the Company, any Guarantor or any such 
director, officer, employee or controlling person may become subject, under 
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory 
law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement 
of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent 
of such Initial Purchaser), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability 
or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out 
of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact contained in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Pricing 
Supplement, any Company Additional Written Communication or the Final 
Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the 
omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in 
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but 
only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement 
or omission or alleged omission was made in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, the Pricing Supplement, any Company Additional Written 
Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or 
supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with written 
information furnished to the Company by such Initial Purchaser through the 
Representative expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, any 
Guarantor and each such director or controlling person for any and all 
expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses 
are reasonably incurred by the Company, any Guarantor or such director or 
controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, 
compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or 
action.  Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby acknowledges that 
the only information that the Initial Purchasers through the Representative 
have furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum, the Pricing Supplement, any Company Additional Written 
Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or 
supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the last paragraph of 
the cover page to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Final 
Offering Memorandum and in the following paragraphs (and, where specified, 
sentences) under the caption Plan of Distribution / Conflicts in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Final Offering Memorandum: the 
third paragraph, the first sentence of the fifth paragraph, the third 
sentence of the seventh paragraph, the tenth paragraph and the eleventh 
paragraph.  The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be 
in addition to any liabilities that each Initial Purchaser may otherwise 
have.
 
(c)                                  Notifications and Other 
Indemnification Procedures.  Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party 
under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against 
an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party 
in writing of the commencement thereof; provided that the failure to so 
notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which 
it may have to any indemnified party under this Section 8 except to the 
extent that it has been materially prejudiced by such failure (through the 
forfeiture of substantive rights and defenses) and shall not relieve the 
indemnifying party from any liability that the indemnifying party may have 
to an indemnified party other than under this Section 8.  In case any such 
action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party 
seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the 
indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent 
that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly 
notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly 
after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume 
the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such 
indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action 
include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the 
indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise 
between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party 
in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal 
defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are 
different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, 
the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate 
counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the 
defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties.  
Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified 
party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of 
such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the 
indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this 
Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such 
indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the 
indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with 
the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence (it being understood, 
however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses 
of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel (in each 
jurisdiction)), approved by the indemnifying party (Merrill Lynch, Pierce, 
Fenner & Smith Incorporated in the case of Sections 8(b) and 9 hereof), 
representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action) or 
(ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to 
the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a 
reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, in each of 
which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the 
indemnifying party.
 
(d)                                 Settlements.  The indemnifying party 
under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any 
proceeding effected without its written consent, which will not be 
unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be a 
final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to 
indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability 
or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have 
requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees 
and expenses of counsel as contemplated by this Section 8, the indemnifying 
party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding 
effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into 
more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid 
request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the 
indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such 
settlement.  No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent 
of the indemnified
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of 
judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect 
of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity 
was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless 
such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional 
release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the 
subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include 
any statements as to or any findings of fault, culpability or failure to 
act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
 
SECTION 9.                                Contribution.  If the 
indemnification provided for in Section 8 hereof is for any reason held to 
be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified 
party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses 
referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the 
aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as 
a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred 
to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative 
benefits received by the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and 
the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, from the offering of the 
Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by 
clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as 
is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in 
clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company and the 
Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, 
in connection with the statements or omissions or inaccuracies in the 
representations and warranties herein which resulted in such losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant 
equitable considerations.  The relative benefits received by the Company 
and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the 
other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to 
this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as 
the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this 
Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the 
total discount received by the Initial Purchasers bear to the aggregate 
initial offering price of the Securities.  The relative fault of the 
Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on 
the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, 
whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or 
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact or any such 
inaccurate or alleged inaccurate representation or warranty relates to 
information supplied by the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, or 
the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the parties relative 
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or 
prevent such statement or omission or inaccuracy.
 
The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to 
include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8 hereof, any 
legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in 
connection with investigating or defending any action or claim.  The 
provisions set forth in Section 8 hereof with respect to notice of 
commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be 
made under this Section 9; provided, however, that no additional notice 
shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been 
given under Section 8 hereof for purposes of indemnification.
 
The Company, the Guarantors and the Initial Purchasers agree that it would 
not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were 
determined by pro rata allocation
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(even if the Initial Purchasers were treated as one entity for such 
purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account 
of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9.
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Initial Purchaser 
shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the discount 
received by such Initial Purchaser in connection with the Securities 
distributed by it.  No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation 
(within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act) shall be entitled 
to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent 
misrepresentation.  The Initial Purchasers obligations to contribute 
pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to 
their respective commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule 
A.  For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer and employee of 
an Initial Purchaser and each person, if any, who controls an Initial 
Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act 
shall have the same rights to contribution as such Initial Purchaser, and 
each director of the Company or any Guarantor, and each person, if any, who 
controls the Company or any Guarantor with the meaning of the Securities 
Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the 
Company and the Guarantors.
 
SECTION 10.                          Termination of this Agreement.  Prior 
to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative 
by notice given to the Company if at any time:  (i) trading or quotation in 
any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the 
Commission, or trading in securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock 
Market or the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or limited, 
or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any 
of such quotation system or stock exchange by the Commission or FINRA; (ii) 
a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal or 
New York State authority; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or 
escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or 
calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial 
markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective 
substantial change in United States or international political, financial 
or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representative is 
material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed 
with the offering sale or delivery of the Securities in the manner and on 
the terms described in the Pricing Disclosure Package or to enforce 
contracts for the sale of securities; or (iv) in the reasonable judgment of 
the Representative there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change.  
Any termination pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on 
the part of (i) the Company or any Guarantor to any Initial Purchaser, 
except that the Company and the Guarantors shall be obligated to reimburse 
the expenses of the Initial Purchasers pursuant to Sections 4 and 6 hereof, 
(ii) any Initial Purchaser to the Company, or (iii) any party hereto to any 
other party except that the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereof shall at 
all times be effective and shall survive such termination.
 
SECTION 11.                          Representations and Indemnities to 
Survive Delivery.  The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, 
warranties and other statements of the Company, the Guarantors, their 
respective officers and the several Initial Purchasers set forth in or made 
pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless 
of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Initial Purchaser, the 
Company, any Guarantor or any of their partners,
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and 
will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and 
any termination of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 12.                          Notices.  All communications hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, couriered or 
facsimiled and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:
 
        If to the Initial Purchasers:
         
        Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
        One Bryant Park
        New York, New York 10036
        Facsimile: 1-212-901-7897
        Attention: Legal
         
        with a copy to:
         
        Latham & Watkins LLP
        885 Third Avenue
        New York, New York 10022
        Facsimile: 1-212-751-4864
        Attention: Raymond Lin, Esq.
         
       If to the Company or the Guarantors:
        
       Seneca Gaming Corporation
       310 Fourth Street
       Niagara Falls, New York 14303
       Facsimile: 1-716-501-2888
       Attention: Lee Shannon, Senior Vice President & General Counsel

Any party hereto may change the address or facsimile number for receipt of 
communications by giving written notice to the others.
 
SECTION 13.                          Successors.  This Agreement will inure 
to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the 
benefit of the indemnified parties referred to in Sections 8 and 9 hereof, 
and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have 
any right or obligation hereunder.  The term successors shall not include 
any Subsequent Purchaser or other purchaser of the Securities as such from 
any of the Initial Purchasers merely by reason of such purchase.
 
SECTION 14.                          Authority of the Representative.  Any 
action by the Initial Purchasers hereunder may be taken by the 
Representative on behalf of the Initial Purchasers, and any such action 
taken by the Representative shall be binding upon the Initial Purchasers.
 
SECTION 15.                          Partial Unenforceability.  The 
invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of 
this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any other section, paragraph or provision hereof.  If any section, 
paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be 
invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor 
changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and 
enforceable.
 
SECTION 16.                                    Limited Waiver of Sovereign 
Immunity.
 
(a)                                  Retention of Sovereign Immunity.  By 
executing this Agreement, none of the Company or the Guarantors waives, 
limits or modifies its sovereign immunity from unconsented suit or judicial 
litigation, except as provided for herein.
 
(b)                                 Scope of Waiver.  Subject to the 
limitations contained herein, the Company and each of the Guarantors hereby 
expressly and irrevocably grants to the Initial Purchasers and any 
indemnified party under this Agreement, an irrevocable limited waiver of 
the Companys and each Guarantors sovereign immunity from unconsented suit 
or other legal proceedings of any nature (including arbitration and interim 
and provisional proceedings) with respect to any action, suit, proceeding 
or counterclaim, whether based on contract, tort or otherwise, including 
any action commenced under the Indian Civil Rights Act (25 U.S.C. §1301 et. 
Seq.), concerning any claim, dispute, or controversy (each, a Claim) 
arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby, whether arising in law or in equity (the foregoing 
waiver being referred to as the Limited Waiver), and expressly and 
irrevocably consent to suit and arbitration with respect to any such Claim.
 
(c)                                  Procedural Requirements.  The Limited 
Waiver by the Company and each of the Guarantors will be effective as to a 
Claim if, and only if, each and every one of the following conditions is 
met:
 
    (i)                                     the Claim is made by a Claimant
    (as defined below) and not by any other person whatsoever;
     
    (ii)                                  the Claim alleges a breach by the
    Company or any of the Guarantors of one or more of the specific
    obligations or duties expressly set forth under the terms of this
    Agreement or a specific right otherwise available to a Claimant at law
    or in equity arising out of or relating to this Agreement;
     
    (iii)                               the Claim seeks (a) payment of a
    specified sum, some specific action, or discontinuance of some action,
    by the Company or any of the Guarantors to bring the Company or any of
    the Guarantors into full compliance with its duties and obligations
    expressly set forth under this Agreement or to permit relief under
    other principles of law or equity; or (b) money damages for
    noncompliance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement or for
    any other reason related to or arising hereunder; provided, however,
    that the property, assets or funds specifically pledged and assigned
    and subject to levy, execution or judicial process to satisfy any
    judgment against the Company or any of the Guarantors pursuant to the
    Limited Waiver shall include, to the extent lawful under federal law,
    but be limited to, the personal property of the Company and the
    Guarantors;
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (iv)                              exclusive of any Claim for
    provisional or interim relief, the Claim shall have been made in
    writing to the Company or any of the Guarantors, stating the specific
    relief sought, and the Company or such Guarantor shall have seven (7)
    calendar days to provide such relief before judicial proceedings may be
    instituted; provided, however, that this cure period may be extended
    for non-monetary matters for an additional fourteen (14) calendar days
    so long as the Company or such Guarantor is making good faith efforts
    to cure the alleged breach or non-performance; and
     
    (v)                                 with respect to any Claim
    authorized herein, initial suit, as authorized herein, shall be
    commenced within the later of three (3) years after the claim accrues
    or is discovered upon the exercise of due diligence, or such claim
    shall be forever barred.  The Limited Waiver granted in this Agreement
    shall commence on the date of such agreements and shall continue for
    three (3) years following the date of the termination of thereof,
    except that the waiver shall remain effective for any proceedings then
    pending, and all appeals therefrom.
     
(d)                                 Recipient of Waiver.  The recipients of 
the benefit of this irrevocable waiver of sovereign immunity are limited to 
the Initial Purchasers and any and all persons covered by the 
indemnification provisions hereof, their heirs, permitted successors and 
assigns (each, a Claimant).
 
(e)                                  Governing Law.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL 
BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH 
STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
 
(f)                                    Enforcement.  Subject to the terms 
of the Limited Waiver, the Company and each of the Guarantors will 
expressly and irrevocably waive its sovereign immunity from a judgment or 
order consistent with the terms and provisions of the Limited Waiver, and 
will consent to the jurisdiction of, to be sued in and to accept and be 
bound by any order or judgment of any of the United States District Courts 
for New York or the New York State Supreme Court, any federal or state 
court having appellate jurisdiction thereover (collectively, New York 
Forums), and, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, each Nation 
Forum defined below, all to the extent consistent with the terms and 
provisions of the Limited Waiver.  Subject to the terms of the Limited 
Waiver, the Company and each of the Guarantors will waive its sovereign 
immunity as to an action by any Claimant in any of the New York Forums, 
and, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, each Nation Forum, 
seeking injunctive and/or declaratory relief against the Company or any of 
the Guarantors based upon an attempt by the Company or such Guarantors to 
revoke or limit in whole or in party the Limited Waiver, and as to 
enforcement in said New York Forums or Nation Forums of any such final 
judgment against the Company or any Guarantor.
 
(g)                                 Waivers.  Subject to the terms of the 
Limited Waiver, the Company and each of the Guarantors hereby expressly and 
irrevocably waives:
 
    (i)                                     its rights to have any Claim
    heard in any forum other than New York Forums, whether or not such
    forum now exists or is hereafter created including, without
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    limitation, any court or other tribunal, form, council, or adjudicative
    body of the Nation (each, a Nation Forum);
 
    (ii)                                  any claim or right which it may
    possess to the exercise of jurisdiction by any Nation Forum, including,
    without limitation, any determination that any Nation Forum has
    jurisdiction over any such dispute, controversy, suit, action or
    proceeding or jurisdiction to determine the scope of such Nation
    Forums jurisdiction;
     
    (iii)                               any claim or right to assert that a
    requirement may exist for exhaustion of any remedies available in any
    Nation Forum prior to the commencement of any dispute, controversy,
    suit, action or proceeding in any state or federal court even if any
    such Nation Forum would have concurrent jurisdiction over any such
    dispute, controversy, suit, action or proceeding but for the Limited
    Waiver;
     
    (iv)                              its sovereign immunity as to the
    action of the Initial Purchasers or any indemnified party under this
    Agreement in any of the New York Forums or, to the extent consistent
    with this Agreement, seeking injunctive and/or declaratory relief
    against the Company or any of the Guarantors based upon an attempt by
    it to revoke or limit in whole or in part the Limited Waiver; and
     
    (v)                                 its sovereign immunity from a
    judgment or order (including any appellate judgment or other order) and
    post-judgment proceedings supplemental thereto consistent with the
    terms and provisions of the Limited Waiver, which is final because
    either the time for appeal thereof has expired or the judgment or an
    order is issued by the court having final jurisdiction over the matter.
     
(h)                                 No Revocation of Sovereign Immunity 
Waiver.  The Company and each of the Guarantors agree not to revoke or 
limit, in whole or in part, the Limited Waiver contained in this Agreement, 
and forever releases and waives its rights to so revoke or limit the 
Limited Waiver.  In the event of any attempted limitation or revocation in 
whole or in part of the Limited Waiver, any Claimant may immediately seek 
judicial injunctive relief as provided in this Agreement in any New York 
Forum, or, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, any Nation Forum, 
and the Company and each of the Guarantors expressly consents to the 
jurisdiction of, and agrees to be bound by any order or judgment of such 
forums.
 
(i)                                     Arbitration.  If, and only if, a 
dispute arises between the parties over a Claim subject to the Limited 
Waiver (the Dispute), and neither the United States District Courts for 
New York nor the New York State Supreme Court can or is willing to hear the 
Dispute, then either party may request binding arbitration of the Dispute 
in accordance with the procedures set forth herein.  To initiate binding 
arbitration of a Dispute, a party shall notify the other party in writing.  
The Dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the 
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and 
judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any 
court of competent jurisdiction.  One arbitrator shall preside and shall be 
selected by the American Arbitration Association.
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Any party, before or during any arbitration, may apply to a court having 
jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction 
where such relief is necessary to protect its interests pending completion 
of the dispute resolution proceedings.
 
No party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence or results of any 
arbitration hereunder, which shall be considered confidential to the 
parties, except:
 
    (i)                                     with the express prior written
    consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
    withheld or delayed;
     
    (ii)                                  as required by applicable law,
    the rules of any relevant stock exchange or requirement of any lender,
    by order or decree of a court or other governmental authority having
    jurisdiction over such party, or in connection with such partys
    enforcement of any rights it may have at law or in equity;
     
    (iii)                               on a need to know basis to
    persons within or outside such partys organization, such as attorneys,
    accountants, bankers, financial advisors and other consultants; or
     
    (iv)                              after such information has become
    publicly available without breach of this Agreement.
     
In the event of arbitration, the prevailing party shall be entitled to all 
of its costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs and expenses, 
from the nonprevailing party.
 
The arbitration shall take place at a location in an agreed city in the 
State of New York or such other place as the parties may jointly agree.  
The arbitrator shall render an award within forty-five (45) days from the 
conclusion of the arbitration.
 
The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding and enforced with 
the same force and effect as a decree of a court having competent 
jurisdiction.  For this purpose, should the losing party in any arbitration 
proceeding pursuant to this Agreement refuse to abide by the decision of 
the arbitrator, the prevailing party may apply to any of the United States 
District Courts for New York, the New York State Supreme Court or a Nation 
Forum having jurisdiction to compel enforcement of the arbitrators award 
resulting from binding arbitration and each party hereto consents to the 
jurisdiction of each such court for this purpose.  Subject to the terms of 
the Limited Waiver, the Company and each of the Guarantors will expressly 
and irrevocably waive its sovereign immunity with respect to the entry of 
judgment on, and enforcement of, such award by such forums.
 
(j)                                     Service of Process.  In any legal 
action or proceeding as to which the Company or any of the Guarantors has 
waived its sovereign immunity as set forth this Section 16, the Company and 
each of the Guarantors will consent and agree that process against such 
person shall be effective if served:
 
    (i)                                     on the Chairman of the
    Companys Board of Directors; and
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (ii)                                  by sending two (2) copies of the
    process by registered or certified mail to the General Counsel of the
    Company (if any) at the address set forth in Section 12 hereof.
     
The Company and each of the Guarantors will irrevocably appoint each of the 
persons in the foregoing clauses and their respective successors in said 
offices from time to time, as agent for service of process made in 
accordance therewith.
 
SECTION 17.                          Default of One or More of the Several 
Initial Purchasers.  If any one or more of the several Initial Purchasers 
shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it or they have agreed to 
purchase hereunder on the Closing Date, and the aggregate number of 
Securities which such defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers 
agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the 
aggregate number of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the other 
Initial Purchasers shall be obligated, severally, in the proportions that 
the number of Securities set forth opposite their respective names on 
Schedule A bears to the aggregate number of Securities set forth opposite 
the names of all such non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, or in such other 
proportions as may be specified by the Initial Purchasers with the consent 
of the non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, to purchase the Securities which 
such defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed but failed 
or refused to purchase on the Closing Date.  If any one or more of the 
Initial Purchasers shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities and the 
aggregate number of Securities with respect to which such default occurs 
exceeds 10% of the aggregate number of Securities to be purchased on the 
Closing Date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers and 
the Company for the purchase of such Securities are not made within 48 
hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability 
of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 
6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such 
termination.  In any such case either the Initial Purchasers or the Company 
shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, as the case may be, but 
in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, 
if any, to the Final Offering Memorandum or any other documents or 
arrangements may be effected.
 
As used in this Agreement, the term Initial Purchaser shall be deemed to 
include any person substituted for a defaulting Initial Purchaser under 
this Section 17.  Any action taken under this Section 17 shall not relieve 
any defaulting Initial Purchaser from liability in respect of any default 
of such Initial Purchaser under this Agreement.
 
SECTION 18.                          No Advisory or Fiduciary 
Responsibility.  Each of the Company and the Guarantors acknowledges and 
agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this 
Agreement, including the determination of the offering price of the 
Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length 
commercial transaction between the Company and the Guarantors, on the one 
hand, and the several Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the 
Company and the Guarantors are capable of evaluating and understanding and 
understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction 
contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each 
Initial Purchaser is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not 
the agent or fiduciary of the Company, and the Guarantors or their 
respective affiliates, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no 
Initial Purchaser has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary 
responsibility in favor of the Company and the Guarantors with respect to 
any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto 
(irrespective of whether
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such Initial Purchaser has advised or is currently advising the Company and 
the Guarantors on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company and 
the Guarantors except the obligations expressly set forth in this 
Agreement; (iv) the several Initial Purchasers and their respective 
affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve 
interests that differ from those of the Company and the Guarantors, and the 
several Initial Purchasers have no obligation to disclose any of such 
interests by virtue of any fiduciary or advisory relationship; and (v) the 
Initial Purchasers have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or 
tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby, and the 
Company and the Guarantors have consulted their own legal, accounting, 
regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate.
 
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether 
written or oral) between the Company, the Guarantors and the several 
Initial Purchasers, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter 
hereof.  The Company and the Guarantors hereby waive and release, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company and the 
Guarantors may have against the several Initial Purchasers with respect to 
any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.
 
SECTION 19.                          General Provisions.  This Agreement 
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and 
supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral 
agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject 
matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not supersede 
or modify the Settlement Agreement and Release, dated as of August 19, 
2010, as amended, between the Company and the Representative.  This 
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which 
shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and 
hereto were upon the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart 
of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier, facsimile or other 
electronic transmission (i.e., a pdf or tif) shall be effective as 
delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof.  This Agreement may 
not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, 
and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in 
writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit.  The section 
headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not 
affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, 
kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon 
this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding 
agreement in accordance with its terms.
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
SENECA GAMING CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Name: Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
SENECA NIAGARA FALLS GAMING
CORPORATION,
 
as Guarantor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Name: Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
SENECA TERRITORY GAMING
CORPORATION,
 
as Guarantor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Name: Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
SENECA ERIE GAMING CORPORATION,
 
as Guarantor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Name: Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
LEWISTON GOLF COURSE
CORPORATION,
 
as Guarantor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Name: Catherine A. Walker
 
 
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The foregoing Purchase Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the 
Initial Purchasers as of the date first above written.
 
 
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED
Acting on behalf of itself
and as the Representative of
the several Initial Purchasers
 
By:
/s/ Sarang Gadkari
 
 
Managing Director
 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE A
 
Initial Purchasers
 
Aggregate Principal
Amount of
Securities to be
Purchased
 
 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
 
$
170,625,000
 
 RBS Securities Inc.
 
$
65,000,000
 
 KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
 
$
32,500,000
 
 Commerz Markets LLC
 
$
32,500,000
 
 Capital One Southcoast, Inc.
 
$
16,250,000
 
 Comerica Securities, Inc.
 
$
8,125,000
 
   Total
 
$
325,000,000
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE B
 
Seneca Gaming Corporation
 
$325,000,000  8.25% Senior Notes due 2018
 
November 8, 2010
 
Pricing Supplement
 
Pricing Supplement dated November 8, 2010 to the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum dated November 3, 2010 of Seneca Gaming Corporation (the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum).  This Pricing Supplement is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. The 
information in this Pricing Supplement supplements the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum and supersedes the information in the Preliminary Offering 
Memorandum to the extent it is inconsistent with the information in the 
Preliminary Offering Memorandum.  Capitalized terms used in this Pricing 
Supplement but not defined have the meanings given them in the Preliminary 
Offering Memorandum.
 
Issuer
 
Seneca Gaming Corporation
 
 
 
Title of Securities
 
8.25% Senior Notes due 2018 (the Notes)
 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount
 
$325,000,000
 
 
 
Ratings*
 
B1 (Moodys Investors Service, Inc.)/ BB (Standard & Poors Ratings 
Services)
 
 
 
Distribution
 
144A/Regulation S, without Registration Rights
 
 
 
Maturity Date
 
December 1, 2018
 
 
 
Issue Price
 
100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued interest, if any, 
from November 18, 2010
 
 
 
Coupon
 
8.25%
 
 
 
Yield to Maturity
 
8.25%
 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates
 
June 1 and December 1 of each year
 
 
 
First Interest Payment Date
 
June 1, 2011
 
 
 
Record Dates
 
May 15 and November 15 of each year
 
 
 
Trade Date
 
November 8, 2010
 
 
 
Settlement Date
 
November 18, 2010 (T+7 )
 
 
 
Optional Redemption
 
On or after December 1, 2014, at the redemption prices (expressed as a 
percentage of principal amount of Notes to be redeemed) set forth below, 
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes to be redeemed to the 
applicable date of redemption, if redeemed during the twelve-month period 
beginning on December 1 of the years indicated below:
 
 
 
 
 
Year
 
Percentage
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2014
 
104.125
%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2015
 
102.063
%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2016 and thereafter
 
100.000
%
 
 
Exhibit A-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Optional Redemption with the net cash proceeds of a distribution to the 
Issuer from the Compact Reserve Account
 
Prior to December 1, 2013, up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes issued at a redemption price equal to 108.25% of the principal 
amount of Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, 
on Notes to be redeemed to the applicable date of redemption
 
 
 
Change of Control
 
101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, plus 
accrued and unpaid interest
 
 
 
Joint Book-Running Managers
 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & SmithIncorporated
RBS Securities Inc.
 
 
 
Lead-Manager
 
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
 
 
 
Co-Manager
 
Commerz Markets LLC
Capital One Southcoast, Inc.
Comerica Securities, Inc.
 
 
 
CUSIP Numbers
 
Rule 144A: 817082 AF7
Regulation S: U81655 AC3
 
 
 
ISIN Numbers
 
Rule 144A: US817082AF76
Regulation S: USU81655AC31
 
 
 
Denominations
 
Minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess 
thereof
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 *Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
 securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
  
This material is strictly confidential and has been prepared by the Issuer 
solely for use in connection with the proposed offering of the securities 
described in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. This material is personal 
to each offeree and does not constitute an offer to any other person or the 
public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the securities. 
Please refer to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum for a complete 
description.
 
The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act), and are being offered only to (1) 
qualified institutional buyers as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act and (2) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, and this 
communication is only being distributed to such persons.
 
This communication is not an offer to sell the securities and it is not a 
solicitation of an offer to buy the securities in any jurisdiction to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or soliciation in such 
jurisdiction.
 
Any disclaimer or notices that may appear on this Pricing Supplement below 
the text of this legend are not applicable to this Pricing Supplement and 
should be disregarded.  Such disclaimers or other notices were 
automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent via 
Bloomberg or another e-mail system.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT B
 
SUBSIDIARIES
 
Seneca Niagara Falls Gaming Corporation
Seneca Erie Gaming Corporation
Seneca Territory Gaming Corporation
Lewiston Golf Course Corporation
 
Exhibit B-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ANNEX I
 
Resale Pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144A.  Each Initial Purchaser 
understands that:
 
Such Initial Purchaser agrees that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell the Securities in the United States or to, or for the benefit 
or account of, a U.S. Person (other than a distributor), in each case, as 
defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S (i) as part of its distribution at any 
time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement 
of the offering of the Securities pursuant hereto and the Closing Date, 
other than in accordance with Regulation S or another exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Such Initial Purchaser 
agrees that, during such 40-day restricted period, it will not cause any 
advertisement with respect to the Securities (including any tombstone 
advertisement) to be published in any newspaper or periodical or posted in 
any public place and will not issue any circular relating to the 
Securities, except such advertisements as are permitted by and include the 
statements required by Regulation S.
 
Such Initial Purchaser agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of a sale 
of Securities by it to any distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration during the 40-day restricted 
period referred to in Rule 903 of Regulation S, it will send to such 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect:
 
        The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the
        U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and
        may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for
        the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of your
        distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the
        later of the date the Securities were first offered to persons
        other than distributors in reliance upon Regulation S and the
        Closing Date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S
        under the Securities Act (or in accordance with Rule 144A under the
        Securities Act or to accredited investors in transactions that are
        exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act),
        and in connection with any subsequent sale by you of the Securities
        covered hereby in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act
        during the period referred to above to any distributor, dealer or
        person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration,
        you must deliver a notice to substantially the foregoing effect. 
        Terms used above have the meanings assigned to them in Regulation S
        under the Securities Act.
 
Annex I-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 