 EX-10.9 2 h77598exv10w9.htm EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9

EXECUTION


ASSET SALE AGREEMENT

(PostRock Energy Corporation)

     THIS ASSET SALE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of September 
21, 2010, is made by and between POSTROCK ENERGY CORPORATION, a Delaware 
corporation (the Company), and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender (as 
defined below).


R E C I T A L S:

     A. Pursuant to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement, dated of even date herewith (as the same may hereafter be 
amended, supplemented and restated, the Credit Agreement), among QUEST 
EASTERN RESOURCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Borrower), 
Royal Bank of Canada, as lender (Lender), and Royal Bank of Canada, as 
administrative agent and collateral agent (in its capacity as 
administrative agent and collateral agent, the Administrative Agent), the 
Lender agreed to make Loans for the account of the Borrower.

     B. Pursuant to Section 4.01(b)(i) of the Credit Agreement, Borrower is 
required to deliver to the Administrative Agent this Agreement executed by 
the Company.

     C. The Company has duly authorized the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement.

     D. Company owns indirectly 100% of the equity of Borrower.

     E. It is in the best interests of the Company to execute this 
Agreement inasmuch as the Company will derive substantial direct and 
indirect benefits from the loans made from time to time to or for the 
account of the Borrower.

     NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of 
which is hereby acknowledged, and in order to fulfill the requirements of 
the Credit Agreement, the Company agrees, for the benefit of Lender, as 
follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

     SECTION 1.1. Certain Terms. The following capitalized terms when used 
in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals, shall have the 
following meanings (such definitions to be equally applicable to the 
singular and plural forms thereof):

     Administrative Agent is defined in Recital A.

     Agreement is defined in the preamble.

Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Amount of Loss shall mean (A) if the amount paid to Lender (whether 
for principal, interest, fees, expenses, or otherwise) in connection with a 
Qualifying Sale is (i) $*** or more, zero, (ii) if the amount paid is less 
than $*** but equal to or more than $***, then the excess of $*** over the 
amount paid to Lender in connection with a Qualifying Sale (excluding any 
payment pursuant to this Agreement) but in no event to exceed $7,500,000, 
and (iii) if the amount paid to Lender (whether for principal, interest, 
fees, expenses or otherwise) in connection with a Non-Qualifying Sale is 
less than $***, $7,500,000 and (B) in connection with the Companys 
exercise of the Put Option, $7,500,000.

     Borrower is defined in Recital A.

     Business Day shall have the meaning set forth for such term in the 
Credit Agreement; Business Days shall be the plural of Business Day.

     Closing Date is defined in Section 2.1.

     Company is defined in the preamble.

     Company Share Payment Notice is defined in Section 2.1.

     Company Shares means shares of common stock of the Company, $0,001 
par value.

     Credit Agreement is defined in Recital A.

     Current Operating Agreement is defined in Section 4.2(d).

     Deferred Payment Amount means, in connection with a Qualifying Sale 
or a Non-Qualifying Sale, the amount or amounts of any purchase price 
deferred, whether or not evidenced by a promissory note.

     Escrowed Amount means, in connection with a Qualifying Sale or a 
Non-Qualifying Sale, the amount or amounts placed in escrow against any 
liabilities associated with the assets being sold, which amount will be 
paid either to the buyer or the Lender, subject to Lenders obligation to 
remit any released Escrowed Amount to the Company to the extent required 
under Section 2.1(b) hereof.

     Fees and Expenses is defined in Section 5.8.

     Intercompany Loans means all outstanding intercompany loans made by 
the Company or PESC to Borrower permitted under the Credit Agreement in the 
aggregate not to exceed $2,000,000.

     Lender is defined in the Recital A.

     Loan Documents means the Loan Documents (as defined in the Credit 
Agreement).

     Marcellus Assets means the Marcellus shale gas properties owned by 
Borrower and located in New York and West Virginia that constitute the real 
property collateral mortgaged by Borrower to secure repayment of amounts 
owing under the Credit Agreement and Note.

Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Marcellus Pipeline means the gathering system owned and operated by 
Borrower.

     New Operating Agreement is defined in Section 4.2(d).

     Non-Qualifying Sale means a sale made with the consent of Lender, 
which sale would otherwise meet the definition of a Qualifying Sale, except 
that the sale will result in a payment to the Lender of less than $*** 
(excluding any payment made pursuant to this Agreement).

     Note means the Note (as defined in the Credit Agreement).

     Notice of Registered Holder is defined in Section 3.1.

     Obligations means the Obligations (as defined in the Credit 
Agreement).

     PESC means PostRock Energy Services Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation

     Pipeline Purchase Price is defined in Section 4.3(b).

     Pipeline Sale Circumstance and Pipeline Sale Circumstances are 
defined in Section 4.3(b).

     PMP is defined in the definition of QC Marcellus Assets

     Proposed Non-Qualifying Sale is defined in Section 4.2(a).

     Put Exercise Circumstance is defined in Section 4.2(b)

     Put Option is defined in Section 4.2(b)

     Put Transfer means the transfer of 100% of the equity interest in 
Borrower by PESC to Lender, after and as a result of the Companys exercise 
of the Put Option.

     Qualifying Sale means (i) a voluntary sale of the Marcellus Assets 
resulting in payment to the Lender of no less than $*** (excluding any 
payment made pursuant to this Agreement) or (ii) a voluntary sale of a 
controlling interest in the equity of Borrower resulting in a payment to 
such equity holder of no less than $*** (excluding any payment made 
pursuant to this Agreement; provided that any such sale involving an Escrow 
Amount or a Deferred Payment Amount will constitute a Qualifying Sale only 
if the other consideration for such sale includes cash proceeds that result 
in an amount being paid to Lender on the Closing Date of at least $*** 
(excluding any payment made pursuant to this Agreement).

     QC Marcellus Assets means the Marcellus shale gas properties owned 
by PostRock MidContinent Production, LLC, successor by merger to Bluestem 
Pipeline, LLC and Quest Cherokee, LLC (PMP) located in New York and West 
Virginia that constitute a portion of the real property collateral 
mortgaged by PMP to secure repayment of amounts owing under the Borrowing 
Base Credit Agreement, dated of even date herewith, by and among, PESC and 
PMP, as borrowers, and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent and 
collateral agent.

     Sale Process is defined in Section 4.1.

Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Taxes is defined in clause (a) of Section 2.7.

     UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of 
New York.

     SECTION 1.2. Credit Agreement Definitions. Unless otherwise defined 
herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this 
Agreement, including its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided 
in the Credit Agreement.


ARTICLE II
LIMITED LOSS SHARING PROVISIONS

     SECTION 2.1. Limited Loss Sharing.

     (a) The Company hereby absolutely, unconditionally, and irrevocably 
agrees to pay to Lender the Amount of Loss, if any, which Lender suffers as 
a result of a Qualifying Sale or a Non-Qualifying Sale or to which Lender 
is entitled hereunder in connection with the Put Transfer. The Company 
shall have the option of paying such Amount of Loss, in cash or Company 
Shares (or a combination thereof) at the closing of any Qualifying Sale, 
Non-Qualifying Sale, or Put Transfer (the Closing; the date on which the 
Closing occurs, the Closing Date). The Company shall notify the 
Administrative Agent in writing at least five (5) Business Days in advance 
of the Closing Date of its election to pay all or a portion of the Amount 
of Loss in Company Shares (such notice whether to pay all or a portion of 
the Amount of Loss or of the Pipeline Purchase Price, the Company Share 
Payment Notice). The Company is not a guarantor of the Credit Agreement 
and therefore the Company has no obligations of any kind related to the 
Credit Agreement except those set forth in this Agreement that are 
specifically related to a Qualifying Sale, a Non-Qualifying Sale, a Put 
Transfer, and the matters set forth in Article IV.

     (b) With regard to any Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale that 
involves an Escrowed Amount or a Deferred Payment Amount, the Amount of 
Loss shall be calculated on the Closing Date excluding the Escrowed Amount 
and the Deferred Payment Amount, but after repayment of any Intercompany 
Loans, in any case. If upon disbursement of Escrowed Amount and/or the 
Deferred Payment Amount, the amount of the payment to Lender would result 
in Lender receiving more than Lender would be entitled to under this 
Agreement, any excess shall be remitted by Lender to the Company within 
five (5) Business Days (to the extent received by Lender, or if amounts in 
respect of Deferred Payment Amount are received by the Company, the Company 
may retain any such excess). For example, if the Marcellus Assets are sold 
for $*** cash on the Closing Date, the Amount of Loss (after repayment of 
all Intercompany Loans) will be $5,550,000 ($*** minus $***). If the 
Marcellus Assets are sold for a total of $*** but $*** is paid in cash on 
the Closing Date and $5,000,000 is placed in escrow and becomes the 
Escrowed Amount, the Amount of Loss (after repayment of all Intercompany 
Loans) calculated at the Closing Date will be $7,500,000 (the excess of 
$*** minus $*** (subject to $7,500,000 maximum)). If the $5,000,000 in 
Escrowed Amount is subsequently disbursed to the Lender, the Amount of Loss 
will be recalculated (trued-up) based on a sale price of $*** and the 
Amount of Loss as recalculated will be $5,550,000. Therefore, the Lender 
will retain $3,050,000 of the Escrowed Amount and the Lender will remit to 
the Company $1,950,000 within five (5) Business Days.

Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 2.2. Minimum Proceeds. Lender shall have no obligation, and 
there is no agreement or understanding obligating Lender, to consent to a 
sale that would constitute a Non-Qualifying Sale if Lender were to consent 
to such sale. The Administrative Agents lien on the Marcellus Assets and 
Borrowers equity held for the benefit of the Lender shall not be released 
if less than $*** is paid to Lender (excluding any payment made to Lender 
under this Agreement), except in connection with a Non-Qualifying Sale.

     SECTION 2.3. Satisfaction of Obligations. Lender hereby absolutely, 
unconditionally, and irrevocably agrees to accept in full payment of the 
Obligations, (i) the Net Cash Proceeds received by Borrower (or Borrowers 
equity holder, in the case of a sale of Borrowers equity) and paid to 
Lender in connection with a Qualifying Sale or a Non-Qualifying Sale, 
together with the Amount of Loss, if any, paid by the Company pursuant to 
this Agreement (up to but not exceeding the amount of the Obligations at 
the time then owing by Borrower to Lender), or (ii) in the case of an 
exercise of the Put Option, the Put Transfer, together with any amount 
payable pursuant to Section 4.2(b) of this Agreement (up to but not 
exceeding the amount of the Obligations at any time then owing by Borrower 
to Lender). Upon satisfactory evidence that such payments have been or will 
be made to Lenders satisfaction, Lender will instruct the Administrative 
Agent to execute and deliver on or prior to the Closing Date, to such party 
as Borrower shall direct, all mortgage releases and uniform commercial code 
financing statement termination statements covering the Borrowers 
collateral, including the Marcellus Assets, and shall return to the Company 
the certificates (if any) representing the equity of the Borrower owned 
indirectly by the Company.

     SECTION 2.4. Indemnification. The Company hereby absolutely, 
unconditionally, and irrevocably indemnifies and holds harmless Lender for 
any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and 
expenses) incurred by Lender in enforcing any rights against the Company 
under this Agreement.

     SECTION 2.5. Agreement Absolute, etc. This Agreement shall in all 
respects be a continuing, absolute, unconditional and irrevocable 
obligation of the Company, and shall remain in full force and effect until 
the first to occur of (i) all Obligations (other than contingent 
obligations, such as those for indemnification) of the Borrower have been 
paid in full (ii) a Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale shall have 
occurred on the Closing Date; or (iii) the Company shall have exercised the 
Put Option and all related obligations under the provisions of Article IV 
have been satisfied. The Company may not rescind or revoke its obligations 
hereunder. The liability of the Company under this Agreement shall be 
absolute, unconditional (except as provided by the terms of this Agreement) 
and irrevocable irrespective of: (1) any lack of validity, legality or 
enforceability of the Credit Agreement, the Note or any other Loan 
Document; (2) the failure of Lender (a) to assert any claim or demand or to 
enforce any right or remedy against the Borrower or any other Person under 
the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Note, any other Loan Document 
or otherwise, or (b) to exercise any right or remedy against any collateral 
securing, any Obligations of the Borrower, (3) any change in the time, 
manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the 
Obligations of the Borrower, or any other extension, compromise or renewal 
of any Obligations of the Borrower; (4) any reduction, limitation, 
impairment or termination of any Obligations of the Borrower for any 
reason, including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or 
compromise, and shall not be subject to (and Company hereby waives any 
right to or claim of) any defense or setoff,

Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the 
invalidity, illegality, nongenuineness, irregularity, compromise, 
unenforceability of, or any other event or occurrence affecting, any 
Obligations of the Borrower, or otherwise; (5) any amendment to, 
rescission, waiver, or other modification of, or any consent to departure 
from, any of the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Note or any other Loan 
Document; (6) any addition, exchange, release, surrender or non-perfection 
of any collateral, or any amendment to or waiver or release or addition of, 
or consent to departure from, any guaranty held by the Administrative 
Agent, Lender or any holder of the Note securing any of the Obligations of 
the Borrower; (7) the insolvency or bankruptcy of, or similar event 
affecting, the Borrower; or (8) any other circumstance which might 
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a legal or equitable 
discharge of, the Borrower. The Company waives all rights and defenses 
which may arise with respect to any of the foregoing, and the Company 
waives any right to revoke this Agreement with respect to future 
indebtedness.

     SECTION 2.6. Reinstatement. The Company agrees that this Agreement 
shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at 
any time any payment (in whole or in part and whether in cash or by 
issuance of Company Shares) of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must 
otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent, Lender or any holder of 
the Note, upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of Borrower, or 
otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

     SECTION 2.7. Waiver, etc. The Company hereby waives promptness, 
diligence, notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of 
the Obligations of the Borrower and this Agreement and any requirement that 
the Administrative Agent, the Lender or any holder of the Note protect, 
secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien, or any property 
subject thereto, or exhaust any right or take any action against the 
Borrower, or any collateral securing the Obligations of the Borrower, as 
the case may be.

     SECTION 2.8. Waiver of Subrogation. Until the Obligations are paid in 
full or satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 2.3, and except 
for Borrowers repayment of the Intercompany Loans, which may occur at any 
time that this Agreement is in effect, the Company shall not enforce or 
exercise any claim or other rights which it may now or hereafter acquire 
against the Borrower that arise from the existence, payment, performance or 
enforcement of Companys obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, including any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, 
or indemnification, any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the 
Administrative Agent or Lender against the Borrower or any collateral which 
the Administrative Agent now has or hereafter acquires, whether or not such 
claim, remedy or right arises in equity, or under contract, statute or 
common law, including the right to take or receive from the Borrower, 
directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any 
manner, payment or security on account of such claim or other rights. If 
any amount shall be paid to Company in violation of the preceding sentence, 
such amount shall be deemed to have been paid to Company for the benefit 
of, and held in trust for, the Lender, and shall forthwith be paid to the 
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lender by the Company to be 
credited and applied upon the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 
Company acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from 
the financing arrangements contemplated by the Credit Agreement and that 
the waiver set forth in this Section is knowingly made in contemplation of 
such benefits.

Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SECTION 2.9. Payments Free and Clear of Taxes, etc. The Company hereby 
agrees that:

     (a) All payments by Company hereunder shall be made in accordance with 
Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement free and clear of and without 
deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, 
deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all 
liabilities with respect thereto; excluding, in the case of the 
Administrative Agent and the Lender, taxes imposed on or measured by its 
net income (including any franchise taxes imposed on or measured by its net 
income), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under 
the Laws of which the Administrative Agent or the Lender, as the case may 
be, is organized or maintains its Lending Office (all such non-excluded 
taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings 
or similar charges, and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as 
Taxes). In the event that any withholding or deduction from any payment to 
be made by the Company hereunder is required in respect of any Taxes 
pursuant to any applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Company will 
(i) pay directly to the relevant authority the full amount required to be 
so withheld or deducted; (ii) promptly forward to the Lender an official 
receipt or other documentation satisfactory to the Lender evidencing such 
payment to such authority; and (iii) pay to the Lender such additional 
amount or amounts as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually 
received by the Lender will equal the full amount the Lender would have 
received had no such withholding or deduction been required. Moreover, if 
any Taxes are directly asserted against the Lender with respect to any 
payment received by the Lender hereunder, the Lender may pay such Taxes and 
the Company will promptly pay such additional amounts (including, if 
incurred as a result of the Companys or the Borrowers action, omission or 
delay, any penalties, interest or expenses) as is necessary in order that 
the net amount received by the Lender after the payment of such Taxes 
(including any Taxes on such additional amount) shall equal the amount the 
Lender would have received had such Taxes not been asserted.

     (b) If the Company fails to pay any Taxes when due to the appropriate 
taxing authority or fails to remit to the Lender the required receipts or 
other required documentary evidence, the Company shall indemnify the Lender 
for any incremental Taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by 
the Lender as a result of any such failure.

     (c) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the 
Company hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Company contained 
in this Section 2.9 shall survive the payment in full of the principal of 
and interest on the Loan.


ARTICLE III
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMPANY SHARES

     SECTION 3.1. Exercise of Option to Pay With Company Shares. As 
provided in Section 2.1 after delivery of a Company Share Payment Notice, 
the Company at its election may pay all or a portion of the Amount of Loss 
by issuing to the Lender Company Shares. The amount of Company Shares to be 
issued shall be calculated by taking the Amount of Loss to be paid using 
Company Shares and dividing that amount by the average closing price of the 
Companys publicly traded common stock during the prior thirty (30) 
calendar day period before the date of the Company Share Payment Notice. 
The resulting number, rounded up to the next whole number, is the number of 
Company Shares to be issued to the Lender in full (or partial)

Page 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

payment of the Amount of Loss. Upon receipt of the Company Share Payment 
Notice from the Company of its election to pay all or a portion of the 
Amount of Loss in Company Shares, Lender shall within two (2) Business Days 
prior to the Closing Date deliver a Notice of Registered Holder in the form 
of Exhibit A hereto, identifying the person into whose name the Company 
Shares are to be registered on the books of the Company (the Notice of 
Registered Holder).

     SECTION 3.2. Resale Registration Statement. Contemporaneously with the 
execution of this Agreement, Lender and the Company shall enter into a 
Registration Rights Agreement granting to Lender certain registration and 
other rights.

     SECTION 3.3. Certificate(s); No Fractional Shares. The Company shall, 
as promptly as practicable, execute or cause to be executed and deliver to 
Lender or its nominee a certificate or certificates representing the 
aggregate number of Company Shares specified in the Company Share Payment 
Notice. The stock certificate or certificates so delivered shall be in such 
denominations as may be specified by the Lender (or its nominee) and shall 
be registered in the name of Lender (or such nominee) as specified in the 
Notice of Registered Holder. No fractional shares will be issued pursuant 
to this Agreement.

     SECTION 3.4. Expenses. The Company shall pay all expenses, in 
connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of stock 
certificates pursuant to this Agreement, except that, in case such stock 
certificates are to be registered in a name or names other than the name of 
the Lender, all stock transfer taxes payable upon the execution and 
delivery of such stock certificate or certificates shall be paid by the 
Lender at the time of delivering the Notice of Registered Holder described 
in Section 3.1 above. In such case, the Lender shall deliver with such 
notice evidence, satisfactory to the Company, that such taxes have been 
paid.

     SECTION 3.5. Shares to be Fully Paid and Nonassessable. The Company 
covenants that all Company Shares which may be issued in connection with 
this Agreement will be, upon issuance, fully paid and nonassessable.


ARTICLE IV
PROVISIONS RE SALE PROCESS, PUT OPTION, AND PIPELINE SALE

     SECTION 4.1. Sale Process. Lender agrees and acknowledges that (i) the 
bid solicitation and sale process being conducted by Robert W. Baird & 
Company, under agreement with the Company (collectively, the Sale Process
) for the sale of the Marcellus Assets (or for 100% of the equity of 
Borrower) is an acceptable and reasonable process for generating 
indications of interest and purchase offers with respect to the Marcellus 
Assets (or 100% of the equity of Borrower); and (ii) in the event that the 
Sale Process fails to result in indications of interest, written offers or 
a contract for a Qualifying Sale or for a Non-Qualifying Sale or any sale, 
neither the Company, nor PESC, nor the Borrower shall be liable to Lender 
for such failure.

     SECTION 4.2. Proposed Non-Qualifying Sales; Put Option.

     (a) In the event that the Sale Process generates one or more written 
offers for a sale of the Marcellus Assets or a sale of Borrowers equity 
that would, if consented to and consummated, constitute a Non-Qualifying 
Sale (a Proposed Non-Qualifying Sale), the

Page 8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Company may or may cause Borrower (or PESC as applicable) to give written 
notice to Lender of such offer(s) and provide Lender with a copy of such 
offer(s). Lender shall have ten (10) Business Days to deliver its written 
consent to one or more of the Proposed Non-Qualifying Sales based upon such 
offer(s) to Borrower, or to decline Lenders consent to any or all such 
Proposed Non-Qualifying Sales. If Lender timely delivers its written 
consent to one or more Proposed Non-Qualifying Sales, the Company shall (or 
shall cause Borrower or PESC, as applicable to) use commercially reasonable 
efforts to negotiate with the party or parties submitting offers to which 
Lender has consented; provided however that neither the Company, nor PESC 
shall be required to make representations and warranties in connection with 
any such negotiations (except a representation by PESC to the effect that 
PESC owns, and has the right to convey, 100% of the equity interest of 
Borrower in connection with a sale of such equity interest). Additional 
offers that would constitute a Proposed Non-Qualifying Sale may be 
submitted by the Company to the Lender at any time. The Company shall (or 
shall cause Borrower or PESC, as applicable to) use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to consummate a Proposed Non-Qualifying Sale (or another 
Qualifying Sale, as the case may be) that maximizes the value of the 
Marcellus Assets or Borrowers equity, as the case may be, provided however 
that neither the Company nor PESC shall be required to make representations 
and warranties in connection with any such sale (except a representation by 
PESC to the effect that PESC owns, and has the right to convey, 100% of the 
equity interest of Borrower in connection with a sale of such equity 
interest).

     (b) In the event that (i) Lender does not timely consent to a Proposed 
Non-Qualifying Sale; (ii) a Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale fails to 
close after the parties to such sale enter into a contract and such 
contract is terminated; (iii) no written offer is received as a result of 
the Sale Process on or before December 1, 2010; or (iv) no Qualifying Sale 
or Non-Qualifying Sale has closed on or before December 21, 2010 (each 
event specified in foregoing clauses (i)-(iv), a Put Exercise Circumstance
), the Company and PESC shall be entitled, upon ten (10) calendar days 
written notice to Lender, given at any time on or after the occurrence of a 
Put Exercise Circumstance, to require that Lender receive PESCs transfer 
of (and PESC shall so transfer) 100% of the equity in Borrower to Lender in 
full satisfaction of all of Obligations owed to Lender and the Companys 
obligations hereunder (the Put Option); provided, however, if the Put 
Option is exercised, for purposes of this Agreement such exercise will 
trigger an Amount of Loss equal to $7,500,000 minus the amount of any 
Intercompany Loans. Such Amount of Loss shall be payable on the date the 
transfer of 100% of the equity in Borrower to Lender occurs. Any Put 
Transfer shall be made as is and without any representations and warranties 
from PESC other than that PESC owns, and has the right to convey to Lender, 
100% of the equity interest in Borrower. Upon the Companys exercise of the 
Put Option, Lender shall take all actions necessary to facilitate the Put 
Transfer, including without limitation, receiving the books and records of 
Borrower, joining in the limited liability agreement of Borrower, and 
signing an assignment of such equity interest or completing any power 
relating to such equity interest in Borrower.

     (c) In the event that the Put Option is exercised and the Put Transfer 
occurs, the Company agrees to assist, and to cause PESC to assist, Lender 
with respect to clearing title as to the Marcellus Assets in connection 
with Lenders sale of the Marcellus Assets or of 100% of the equity 
interest in Borrower.

Page 9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (d) In the event that Lender becomes the owner of the equity in 
Borrower as a result of Companys or PESCs exercise of the Put Option 
resulting in a Put Transfer, Lender acknowledges and agrees that the 
Operating Agreement set forth in Exhibit B (the Current Operating 
Agreement) will be terminated by Quest Cherokee, LLC (or its successor by 
merger). The Company, at Lenders option (and provided that PMP is a 
licensed operator at that time), shall cause PMP to enter into the 
Operating Agreement set forth in Exhibit C (the New Operating Agreement) 
and PMP shall operate the wells owned by Borrower that are part of the 
Marcellus Assets until the earlier of (i) the date upon which Borrower no 
longer owns such wells; or (ii) six (6) months from the date that Lender 
becomes the owner of the equity in Borrower.

     SECTION 4.3. Marcellus Pipeline Sale.

     (a) As to any Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale, Borrower shall 
be entitled to contract with a buyer of the Marcellus Assets even if such 
buyer does not contract to buy the QC Marcellus Assets contemporaneously 
therewith. In the event that Borrower contracts with a buyer on such terms, 
Borrower shall be entitled to exclude the Marcellus Pipeline from the 
Marcellus Assets to be sold.

     (b) In the event that (i) a Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale 
occurs but the QC Marcellus Assets are not sold contemporaneously with such 
Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale; or (ii) the Company or PESC 
exercise the Put Option ((i) and (ii) collectively, the Pipeline Sale 
Circumstances, singly a Pipeline Sale Circumstance), Lender agrees that 
Borrower may sell the Marcellus Pipeline to PESC or its designee (and that 
Lender shall cause Borrower to sell the Marcellus Pipeline to PESC or its 
designee if Lender is the owner of Borrower as a result of Companys or 
PESCs exercise of the Put Option), in either case for a purchase price of 
$2,300,000 (the Pipeline Purchase Price). In the case of a Pipeline Sale 
Circumstance arising under clause (i), such sale of the Marcellus Pipeline 
shall occur on the Closing Date. In the case of a Pipeline Sale 
Circumstance arising under clause (ii), such sale of the Marcellus Pipeline 
shall occur as soon as practicable but in any event no later than ten (10) 
Business Days from the date that the Company or PESC exercises the Put 
Option. Lender agrees to take commercially reasonable action necessary to 
facilitate such sale of the Marcellus Pipeline; provided however, the 
Marcellus Pipeline will be sold as is and without any representations or 
warranties from Lender.

     (c) The Pipeline Purchase Price constitutes the release price to be 
paid to Lender to release its liens on the Marcellus Pipeline. Any 
Intercompany Loans will be credited against the Pipeline Purchase Price, 
and any balance of the Pipeline Purchase Price shall be paid in cash.

     SECTION 4.4. Intercompany Loans. Lender irrevocably agrees that before 
any amount is paid to Lender (whether for principal, interest, fees, 
expenses, or otherwise) in connection with a Qualifying Sale or a 
Non-Qualifying Sale, all Intercompany Loans will be repaid in full with 
proceeds from such Qualifying Sale or Non-Qualifying Sale, before any 
amounts are paid to Lender.

Page 10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE V
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     SECTION 5.1. Loan Document. This Agreement is a Loan Document executed 
pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly 
indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with 
the terms and provisions thereof.

     SECTION 5.2. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement benefits the 
Lender, and its respective successors and assigns and binds the Company and 
its successors and assigns. The rights of the Lender under this Agreement 
may be transferred with any assignment of the Loan pursuant to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement 
contains provisions governing assignments of the Loan.

     SECTION 5.3. Amendments, etc. No amendment to or waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement, nor consent to any departure by the Company 
herefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in 
writing and signed by or on behalf of the party against whom it is sought 
to be enforced and is in conformity with the requirements of Section 10.01 
of the Credit Agreement. Each such waiver or consent shall be effective 
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

     SECTION 5.4. Addresses for Notices to the Company. All notices and 
other communications hereunder to the Company shall be in writing and 
mailed or delivered to it, addressed to it at the address set forth below 
or at such other address as shall be designated by the Company in a written 
notice to the Administrative Agent at the address specified in the Credit 
Agreement complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section. All such 
notices and other communications shall, when mailed, be effective when 
deposited in the mail, addressed as aforesaid. The Companys address for 
notices is:

210 Park Avenue, Suite 2750
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102
Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Facsimile: (405) 702-7487
Telephone: (405) 702-7756

     SECTION 5.5. No Waiver; Remedies. In addition to, and not in 
limitation of, Section 2.7, no failure on the part of the Lender or any 
holder of a Note to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein 
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

     SECTION 5.6. Section Captions. Section captions used in this Agreement 
are for convenience of reference only, and shall not affect the 
construction of this Agreement.

     SECTION 5.7. Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid 
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be 
prohibited by or invalid under such law, such provision

Page 11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, 
without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement.

     SECTION 5.8. Fees and Expenses. Each party shall bear its own 
attorneys fees, court costs and related expenses (the Fees and Expenses
) in connection with its enforcement of this Agreement; provided however, 
the prevailing party in any lawsuit or other action shall have the right to 
payment of its reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses by the other 
party.

     SECTION 5.9. Specific Performance. Lender recognizes and acknowledges 
that a breach by it of any covenants or agreements contained in this 
Agreement will cause the Company to sustain damages for which the Company 
would not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages, and therefore 
Lender agrees that in the event of any such breach, the Company shall be 
entitled to the remedy of specific performance of such covenants and 
agreements and injunctive and other equitable relief in addition to any 
other remedy to which the Company may be entitled, at law or in equity.

     SECTION 5.10. Governing Law.

     (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO 
BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE.

     (b) EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE LENDER AGREES ANY LEGAL ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED 
STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY 
THEREOF, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE 
COMPANY AND THE LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, 
TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE COMPANY (1) 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF 
VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR 
HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH 
JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND (2) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO 
THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY CERTIFIED MAIL, 
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, POSTAGE PREPAID, AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES 
DESIGNATED HEREIN. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE LENDER WAIVES PERSONAL 
SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY 
ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE.

     SECTION 5.11. Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE 
LENDER HEREBY (a) EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY 
JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW 
EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR 
OTHERWISE; AND EACH OF THE COMPANY

Page 12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

AND THE LENDER HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, 
ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, 
AND THAT THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE LENDER, AS THE CASE 
MAY BE, MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY 
COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE LENDER OR THE COMPANY, AS 
THE CASE MAY BE, TO THE WAIVER OF ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY; AND (b) 
EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY 
LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY SUCH ACTION ANY 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OTHER 
THAN, OR IN ADDITION TO, ACTUAL DAMAGES; PROVIDED THAT THE WAIVER CONTAINED 
IN THIS SECTION 5.11 SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PARTY AGAINST 
WHOM DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT HAS ENGAGED IN GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL 
MISCONDUCT.

     SECTION 5.12. Entire Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF 
PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE 
ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.


[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
SIGNATURES BEGIN ON NEXT PAGE.]

Page 13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Lender have caused this Agreement to 
be duly executed and delivered by an officer duly authorized as of the date 
first above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	POSTROCK ENERGY CORPORATION,
a Delaware corporation,
as Company
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ David C. Lawler   	 
  	  	David C. Lawler  	 
  	  	Chief Executive Officer and President  	 
 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Leslie P. Vowell
 
Leslie P. Vowell 	  	 
 
  	Attorney-in-Fact 	  	 

Singature Page

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Exhibit A

FORM OF NOTICE OF REGISTERED HOLDER

     The undersigned, Royal Bank of Canada, the Lender described in that 
certain Asset Sale Agreement dated as of September [__], 2010 among 
PostRock Energy Corporation (the Company), Royal Bank of Canada, as 
administrative agent and collateral agent, and Royal Bank of Canada, as 
lender (the Agreement), hereby instructs the Company to issue the Company 
Shares (as defined in the Agreement) as follows:

     Please issue the certificate for the Company Shares in the name of and 
in the following denominations:

 
Denominations

 
Print or type name

 
Social Security or Employer Identification Number

 
Street Address
  	  	  	  	 
 
City 	  	State 	  	Zip Code

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	  	  	 
Name:
  	
 
  	 
Title:
  	
 
  	 
 
  	
 
  	 

Date:                                                             ,         
  

Exhibit A

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Exhibit B

CURRENT OPERATING AGREEMENT

Exhibit B

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Exhibit C

NEW OPERATING AGREEMENT

Exhibit C