 EX-10.1 2 exhibit_10-1.htm SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1


SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT




Dated as of November 4, 2010




by and among




ECHO THERAPEUTICS, INC.




and




THE PURCHASERS LISTED ON EXHIBIT A


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE I
Purchase and Sale of Units 
1
 
Section 1.1
Purchase and Sale of Units. 
1
 
Section 1.2
Purchase Price and Closings 
1
 
ARTICLE II
Representations and Warranties 
2
 
Section 2.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company 
3
 
Section 2.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers 
15
 
ARTICLE III
Covenants 
17
 
Section 3.1
Securities Compliance 
17
 
Section 3.2
Registration and Listing 
17
 
Section 3.3
[Intentionally omitted] 
17
 
Section 3.4
Inspection Rights 
18
 
Section 3.5
Compliance with Laws 
18
 
Section 3.6
Keeping of Records and Books of Account 
19
 
Section 3.7
Reporting Requirements 
19
 
Section 3.8
Other Agreements 
19
 
Section 3.9
Use of Proceeds 
19
 
Section 3.10
Reporting Status 
19
 
Section 3.11
Disclosure of Material Information 
19
 
Section 3.12
Form D 
20
 
Section 3.13
Blue Sky 
20
 
Section 3.14
No Integrated Offerings 
20
 
Section 3.15
Disclosure of Transaction 
20
 
Section 3.16
Pledge of Securities 
20
 
Section 3.17
Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
20
 
ARTICLE IV
Conditions 
20
 
Section 4.1
Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Company to Close and to Sell 
the Securities 
20
 
Section 4.2
Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Purchasers to Close and to 
Purchase the Securities 
21
 
ARTICLE V
Certificate Legend 
23
 
Section 5.1
Legend 
23
 
ARTICLE VI
Indemnification 
24
 
Section 6.1
Company Indemnity. 
24
 
Section 6.2
Indemnification Procedure 
24
 
 
ARTICLE VIIMiscellaneous25
 
Section 7.1
Fees and Expenses 
25
 
Section 7.2
Specific Performance; Consent to Jurisdiction; Venue. 
26
 
Section 7.3
Entire Agreement; Amendment 
26
 
Section 7.4
Notices 
26
 
Section 7.5
Waivers 
27
 
Section 7.6
Headings 
27
 
Section 7.7
Successors and Assigns 
27
 
Section 7.8
No Third Party Beneficiaries 
27
 
Section 7.9
Governing Law 
27
 
Section 7.10
Survival 
28
 
Section 7.11
Counterparts 
28
 
Section 7.12
Publicity 
28
 
Section 7.13
Severability 
28
 
Section 7.14
Further Assurances 
28


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of November 4, 
2010, is entered into by and among Echo Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and the purchasers listed on Exhibit A hereto 
(each a “Purchaser” and collectively, the “Purchasers”), for the purchase 
and sale of units (each a “Unit” and together the “Units”), each Unit 
consisting of (i) 25,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Common 
Stock”), par value $0.01 per share (the “Shares”), (ii) a Series-1 warrant 
to purchase up to 12,500 shares of the Company’s Common Stock in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “Series-1 Warrant”), and (iii) a Series-2 
warrant to purchase up to 12,500 shares of the Company’s Common Stock  in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Series-2 Warrant” and, together 
with the Series-1 Warrant, the “Warrants”) by the Purchasers.

The parties hereto agree as follows:
 
 
ARTICLE I
PURCHASE AND SALE OF UNITS
 
Section 1.1 Purchase and Sale of Units.  Upon the following terms and 
conditions, the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the 
Purchasers shall purchase from the Company, up to one hundred twenty (120) 
Units at a price per Unit of $25,000.00 (the “Per Unit Purchase Price”) for 
an aggregate purchase price of up to Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) 
(the “Purchase Price”).  Each Purchaser shall pay the portion of the 
Purchase Price set forth opposite its name on Exhibit A hereto.  The 
Company and the Purchasers are executing and delivering this Agreement in 
accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities 
registration afforded by Section 4(2) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the “
Securities Act”), including Regulation D (“Regulation D”), and/or upon such 
other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as 
may be available with respect to any or all of the investments to be made 
hereunder.  Any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 
Warrants (and such shares when issued) are herein referred to as the “
Warrant Shares.”  The Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are 
sometimes collectively referred to herein as the “Securities.”
 
Section 1.2 Purchase Price and Closings.  In consideration of and in 
express reliance upon the representations, warranties, covenants, terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the 
Purchasers and, in consideration of and in express reliance upon the 
representations, warranties, covenants, terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the Purchasers, severally but not jointly, agree to purchase the 
number of Shares and Warrants set forth opposite their respective names on 
Exhibit A.  The Securities shall be sold and funded in one or more closings 
(each, a “Closing”), the first of which shall take place on or about 
November 5, 2010 (the “Closing Date”).  Each Closing shall take place at 
the offices of the Company, 10 Forge Parkway, Franklin, MA 02038; provided, 
that all of the conditions set forth in Article IV hereof and applicable to 
the Closing shall have been fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith.  At 
the
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Closing and upon receipt by the Company of the appropriate purchase price 
from each Purchaser (i.e., a purchase price equal to the number of Units to 
be purchased by such Purchaser multiplied by the Per Unit Purchase Price), 
the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each such Purchaser 
(x) a certificate for the number of Shares set forth opposite the name of 
such Purchaser on Exhibit A hereto, (y) Warrants to purchase such number of 
shares of Common Stock as is set forth opposite the name of such Purchaser 
on Exhibit A attached hereto and (z) any other documents required to be 
delivered pursuant to Article IV hereof.  Each Purchaser shall deliver each 
of the documents required to be delivered by it pursuant to Article IV 
hereof as well as its portion of the Purchase Price by wire transfer to the 
Company.
 
 
ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
Section 2.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company 
hereby represents and warrants to the Purchasers as follows, as of the date 
hereof (or other applicable date as stated in this Section 2.1) and the 
Closing Date, except as set forth on the Schedule of Exceptions attached 
hereto with each numbered Schedule corresponding to the section number 
herein:
 
(a) Organization, Good Standing and Power.  The Company is a corporation 
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of 
the State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate power to own, lease 
and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is 
now being conducted.  The Company does not have any Subsidiaries (as 
defined in Section 2.1(g)) or own securities of any kind in any other 
entity except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(g) hereto.  Each such Subsidiary 
is duly incorporated or formed, as the case may be, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of the state opposite its name on Schedule 
2.1(g) and has the requisite power to own, lease and operate its properties 
and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted.  The 
Company and each such Subsidiary is duly qualified to do business as a 
foreign corporation and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which 
the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such 
qualification necessary except for any jurisdiction(s) (alone or in the 
aggregate) in which the failure to be so qualified will not have a Material 
Adverse Effect.  For the purposes of this Agreement, “Material Adverse 
Effect” means any effect on the business, results of operations, assets, 
condition or prospects (financial or otherwise) of the Company that is 
material and adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries (as hereafter 
defined), individually, or taken as a whole, and/or any condition, 
circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially 
interfere with the ability of the Company from entering into and performing 
any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined below) 
in any material respect; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect 
shall not be deemed to include: (i) changes in applicable law or (ii) any 
effect resulting from the public announcement of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Authorization; Enforcement.  The Company has the requisite corporate 
power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Warrants, 
and any and all other documents ancillary to the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby (all of the foregoing documents collectively called the 
“Transaction Documents”), and to issue and sell the Securities in 
accordance with the terms hereof and to complete the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The execution, delivery and 
performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the 
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly 
and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action.  No further 
consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors or 
stockholders is required.  When executed and delivered by the Company, each 
of the Transaction Documents shall constitute a valid and binding 
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance 
with its terms.
 
(c) Capitalization.  The authorized capital stock of the Company as of the 
date hereof is set forth on Schedule 2.1(c) hereto.  All of the outstanding 
shares of the Common Stock and any other outstanding security of the 
Company have been duly and validly authorized and validly issued, fully 
paid and nonassessable and were issued in accordance with the registration 
or qualification provisions of the Securities Act, or pursuant to valid 
exemptions therefrom.  Except as provided in this Agreement or as set forth 
on Schedule 2.1(c) hereto, no shares of Common Stock or any other security 
of the Company are entitled to preemptive rights, registration rights, 
rights of first refusal or similar rights and there are no outstanding 
options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, call or commitments of 
any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible 
into, any shares of capital stock of the Company.  Furthermore, except (i) 
as set forth in this Agreement, and (ii) as set forth on Schedule 2.1(c) 
hereto, there are no contracts, commitments, understandings, or 
arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are or may 
become bound to issue additional shares of the capital stock of the Company 
or options, securities or rights convertible into shares of capital stock 
of the Company.  Except for customary transfer restrictions contained in 
agreements entered into by the Company in order to sell restricted 
securities and set forth on Schedule 2.1(c) hereto, the Company is not a 
party to or bound by any agreement or understanding granting registration 
or anti-dilution rights to any person with respect to any of its equity or 
debt securities.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(c) of the Purchase 
Agreement, the Company is not a party to, and neither it nor its 
Subsidiaries nor any officers or directors of the Company or its 
Subsidiaries has any actual or constructive knowledge of, any agreement or 
understanding restricting the voting or transfer of any shares of the 
capital stock of the Company.  Except as disclosed on Schedule 2.1(c), (i) 
there are no outstanding debt securities, or other form of material debt of 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no contracts, 
commitments, understandings, agreements or arrangements under which the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to register the sale of any 
of their securities under the Securities Act, (iii) there are no 
outstanding securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which 
contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, 
commitments, understandings, agreements or arrangements by which the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a 
security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) there are no 
securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions 
that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities, (v) the Company 
does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or 
agreements, or any similar plan or agreement and (vi) as of the date of 
this Agreement, to the Company’s and each of its Subsidiaries’ Knowledge, 
no Person (as defined below) or
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

group of related Persons beneficially owns (as determined pursuant to Rule 
13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the “Exchange Act”)) 
or has the right to acquire by agreement with or by obligation binding upon 
the Company, beneficial ownership of in excess of 5% of the Common Stock 
except as disclosed on Schedule 2.1(c).  Any Person with any right to 
purchase securities of the Company that would be triggered as a result of 
the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Transaction 
Documents has waived such rights in writing or the time for the exercise of 
such rights has passed.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(c), there are 
no options, warrants or other outstanding securities of the Company 
(including, without limitation, any equity securities issued pursuant to 
any Company plan) the vesting of which will be accelerated by the 
transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the other Transaction 
Documents.  Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(c), none of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or by any of the other 
Transaction Documents shall cause, directly or indirectly, the acceleration 
of vesting of any options issued pursuant the Company’s stock option plans. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, “Knowledge” means (i) the actual knowledge 
of all of the Company’s executive officers, and (ii) with respect to each 
Subsidiary, all of the executive officers of such Subsidiary.  For purposes 
of this Agreement, “Person” means an individual or corporation, 
partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint 
venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an 
agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
 
(d) Issuance of Securities.  The Securities to be issued at the Closing 
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and, when 
issued in accordance with the terms hereof and the Warrants, the Shares and 
the Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and 
free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and rights of refusal of any kind 
and the holders shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of 
Common Stock.   The Company shall reserve that number of shares of its 
common stock sufficient to issue the Shares and the Warrant Shares without 
the necessity of having to authorize additional shares of common stock.
 
(e) No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance of the 
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of 
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) 
violate any provision of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation (the “
Certificate”) or Bylaws (the “Bylaws”), each as amended to date, or any 
Subsidiary's comparable charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or 
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or 
both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of 
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, 
mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, 
instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is 
a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries' respective 
properties or assets are bound, or (iii) result in a violation of any 
federal, state or local statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or 
decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) 
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any 
property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or 
affected.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required 
under federal, state, foreign or local law, rule or regulation to obtain 
any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration 
with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver 
or perform any of its
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

obligations under the Transaction Documents or issue and sell the 
Securities in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
(f) Commission Documents, Financial Statements.  The Common Stock of the 
Company is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange 
Act, and, except as disclosed on Schedule 2.1(f) hereto, the Company has 
filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents 
required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
“Commission”) pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, 
including pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) thereof (all of the 
foregoing and all exhibits included therein and financial statement and 
schedules thereto, including filings incorporated by reference therein 
being referred to herein as the “Commission Documents”).  At the times of 
their respective filings, all Commission Documents complied in all material 
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and 
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and, to the knowledge 
of the Company, the Commission Documents at the time of their respective 
filings did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order 
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading.  As of their respective dates, the 
financial statements of the Company included in the Commission Documents 
complied as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable 
accounting requirements set forth in GAAP and GAAS and the published rules 
and regulations of the Commission or other applicable rules and regulations 
with respect thereto.  Such financial statements, together with the related 
notes and schedules thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and 
GAAS applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (i) 
as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the Notes 
thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent 
they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), 
and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the 
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of 
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case 
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).  The 
Company is in compliance with all applicable state securities laws and 
regulations (“Blue Sky Laws”).
 
(g) Subsidiaries. The Commission Documents set forth each Subsidiary of the 
Company, showing the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and 
showing the percentage of each person's ownership of the outstanding stock 
or other interests of such Subsidiary.  For the purposes of this Agreement, 
“Subsidiary” shall mean any corporation or other entity of which at least a 
majority of the securities or other ownership interest having ordinary 
voting power (absolutely or contingently) for the election of directors or 
other persons performing similar functions are at the time owned directly 
or indirectly by the Company and/or any of its other Subsidiaries.  All of 
the outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary have been duly 
authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable.  
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(g), there is no outstanding preemptive, 
conversion or other rights, options, warrants or agreements granted or 
issued by or binding upon any Subsidiary for the purchase or acquisition of 
any shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary or any other securities 
convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the rights to subscribe 
for any shares of such capital stock.  Neither the Company nor any 
Subsidiary is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to 
repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of the capital stock 
of any Subsidiary or any convertible securities, rights, warrants or 
options of the type described in the
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

preceding sentence except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(g) hereto.  Except 
as set forth in the Schedule 2.1(g), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary 
is party to, nor has any Knowledge of, any agreement restricting the voting 
or transfer of any shares of the capital stock of any Subsidiary.
 
(h) No Material Adverse Change.  Since December 31, 2009, the Company has 
not experienced or suffered any Material Adverse Effect.
 
(i) No Undisclosed Liabilities.  Except as disclosed on Schedule 2.1(i) 
hereto, since December 31, 2009, neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities, obligations, claims or losses 
(whether liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, 
accrued, contingent or otherwise) that would be required to be disclosed on 
a balance sheet of the Company or any Subsidiary (including the notes 
thereto) in conformity with GAAP, other than those incurred in the ordinary 
course of the Company's or its Subsidiaries respective businesses or which, 
individually or in the aggregate, will not have a Material Adverse Effect 
to the Company’s Knowledge.  Since December 31, 2009, except as disclosed 
in on Schedule 2.1(i) hereto, none of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries has participated in any transaction material to the condition 
of the Company which is outside of the ordinary course of its business.
 
(j) No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances.  Since December 31, 2009, 
except as disclosed on Schedule 2.1(j) hereto, no event or circumstance has 
occurred or exists with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their 
respective businesses, properties, operations or financial condition, 
which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure 
or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced 
or disclosed and which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
(k) Indebtedness.  Schedule 2.1(k) hereto sets forth as of the date hereof 
all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any 
Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.  
For the purposes of this Agreement, “Indebtedness” shall mean (a) any 
liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $100,000 (other 
than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), 
(b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in 
respect of liabilities for borrowed money of others in excess of $100,000, 
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company’s balance 
sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of 
negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in 
the ordinary course of business; (c) the present value of any lease 
payments in excess of $25,000 due under leases required to be capitalized 
in accordance with GAAP.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in 
default with respect to any Indebtedness or any liabilities (other than 
accrued liabilities or liabilities referenced in subsections (a) through 
(c) above) that are not otherwise disclosed herein but which in the 
aggregate total $100,000.
 
(l) Title to Assets.  Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has good and 
marketable title to all of its real and personal property reflected in the 
Commission Documents that is material to the business of the Company, free 
and clear of any mortgages, pledges, charges, liens, security interests or 
other encumbrances, except for those indicated on Schedule 2.1(l) hereto or 
such that, individually or in the aggregate, do not cause a Material 
Adverse
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Effect, and except for Permitted Liens.  All such leases of the Company and 
each of its Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting and in full force and 
effect in all material respects.  “Permitted Liens” means (i) statutory 
liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges which are not 
yet due and payable or are due but not delinquent or are being contested in 
good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) statutory or common law liens 
to secure landlords, sublandlords, licensors or sublicensors under leases 
or rental agreements, (iii) deposits or pledges made in connection with, or 
to secure payment of, workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, old 
age pension or other social security programs mandated under applicable 
laws, (iv) statutory or common law liens in favor of carriers, 
warehousemen, mechanics, workmen, repairmen and materialmen to secure 
claims for labor, materials or supplies and other like liens, (v) 
restrictions on transfer of securities imposed by applicable state and 
federal securities laws, (vi) any other encumbrance affecting any asset 
which does not materially impede or otherwise affect the ownership or 
operation of such asset, (vii) liens resulting from a filing by a lessor as 
a precautionary filing for a true lease, (viii) deposits to secure the 
performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety 
and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature 
incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ix) vendor’s liens to secure 
payment, or (x) rights or claims of customers or tenants under licenses or 
leases.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Permitted Lien either 
individually or in the aggregate shall or does constitute a Material 
Adverse Effect.
 
(m) ERISA.  Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, no liability 
to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation has been incurred with respect 
to any Plan by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is or would be 
materially adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries.  The execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Securities will 
not involve any transaction which is subject to the prohibitions of Section 
406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“
ERISA”) or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to 
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, provided 
that, if any of the Purchasers, or any person or entity that owns a 
beneficial interest in any of the Purchasers, is an “employee pension 
benefit plan” (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) with respect to 
which the Company is a “party in interest” (within the meaning of Section 
3(14) of ERISA), the requirements of Sections 407(d)(5) and 408(e) of 
ERISA, if applicable, are met.  As used in this Section 2.1(cc), the term 
“Plan” shall mean an “employee pension benefit plan” (as defined in Section 
3 of ERISA) which is or has been established or maintained, or to which 
contributions are or have been made, by the Company or any Subsidiary or by 
any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, which, together with 
the Company or any Subsidiary, is under common control, as described in 
Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code.
 
(n) Compliance with Law.  The business of the Company and the Subsidiaries 
has been and is presently being conducted in accordance with all applicable 
federal, state and local governmental laws, rules, regulations and 
ordinances, except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(n) hereto or such that, 
individually or in the aggregate, the noncompliance therewith would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The Company and 
each of its Subsidiaries have all franchises, permits, licenses, consents 
and other governmental or regulatory authorizations and approvals necessary 
for the conduct of its business as now being conducted by it unless the 
failure to possess such franchises, permits, licenses, consents and other
governmental or regulatory authorizations and approvals, individually or in 
the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
 

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(o) Taxes.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(o) hereto, and except for 
matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material 
Adverse Effect, the Company and each of the Subsidiaries has accurately 
prepared and filed all federal, state and other tax returns required by law 
to be filed by it, has paid all taxes shown to be due and all additional 
assessments, and adequate provisions have been and are reflected in the 
financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries for all current 
taxes and other charges to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject 
and which are not currently due and payable.  Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 2.1(o) hereto, none of the federal income tax returns of the 
Company or any Subsidiary has been audited by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 The Company has no Knowledge of any additional assessments, adjustments or 
contingent tax liability (whether federal or state) of any nature 
whatsoever, whether pending or threatened against the Company or any 
Subsidiary for any period, nor of any basis for any such assessment, 
adjustment or contingency.
 
(p) Certain Fees.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(p) hereto, the 
Company has not employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for 
any brokerage or investment banking fees, commissions, finders' structuring 
fees, financial advisory fees or other similar fees in connection with the 
Transaction Documents.
 
(q) Disclosure.  Neither this Agreement or the Schedules hereto nor any 
other documents, certificates or instruments furnished to the Purchasers by 
or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement contains any untrue statement 
of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to 
make the statements made herein or therein, in the light of the 
circumstances under which they were made herein or therein, not misleading.
 
(r) Operation of Business.  The Company and each of the Subsidiaries owns 
or possesses the rights to use all patents, trademarks, domain names 
(whether or not registered) and any patentable improvements or 
copyrightable derivative works thereof, websites and intellectual property 
rights relating thereto, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses 
and authorizations which, to the Company’s Knowledge, are necessary for the 
conduct of its business as now conducted, which the failure to so have 
would have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set forth on Schedule 
2.1(r), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received written notice 
that the intellectual property rights used by the Company or any 
Subsidiary, and necessary for their respective business, violates or 
infringes upon the rights of any third party.
 
(s) Books and Records; Internal Accounting Controls; Sarbanes-Oxley.  The 
records and documents of the Company and its Subsidiaries accurately 
reflect in all material respects the information relating to the business 
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, the location and collection of their 
assets, the nature and amount of their liabilities, and the nature of all 
transactions giving rise to the obligations or accounts receivable of the 
Company or any Subsidiary.  The Company and its officers are in material 
compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which are 
applicable to it as of the Closing Date.  The Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient 
to
 

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in 
accordance with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, 
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's 
general or specific authorization, (iv) the recorded accountability for 
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and 
appropriate actions are taken with respect to any differences and (v) 
accounts, notes and other receivables and inventory are recorded 
accurately, and proper and adequate procedures are implemented to effect 
the collection thereof on a current and timely basis.  Except as set forth 
on Schedule 2.1(s) hereto, there are no significant deficiencies or 
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over 
financial reporting that would reasonably be expected to materially and 
adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and 
report financial information, and there is no fraud, whether or not 
material, that involves management or, to the Knowledge of the Company, 
other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal 
controls and the Company has provided to the Purchaser copies of any 
written materials relating to the foregoing.
 
(t) Material Agreements.  Except for the Transaction Documents (with 
respect to clause (i) of this Section 2.1(t) only) or as set forth  on 
Schedule 2.1(t) hereto, or as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) 
to the Company's Knowledge, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have 
performed all obligations required to be performed by them to date under 
any written or oral contract, instrument, agreement, commitment, 
obligation, plan or arrangement, filed or required to be filed with the 
Commission (the “Material Agreements”), (ii) neither the Company nor any of 
its Subsidiaries has received any notice of default under any Material 
Agreement and, (iii) to the Company's Knowledge, neither the Company nor 
any of its Subsidiaries is in default under any material provision of any 
Material Agreement.
 
(u) Transactions with Affiliates.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(u) 
hereto, there are no loans, leases, agreements, contracts, royalty 
agreements, management contracts or arrangements or other continuing or 
proposed transactions exceeding $50,000 in value between (a) the Company, 
any Subsidiary or any of their respective customers or suppliers on the one 
hand, and (b) on the other hand, any officer, employee, consultant or 
director of the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries (except for 
reimbursements to such persons for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf 
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or arrangements entered into by and 
between any such person and the Company or any Subsidiary as part of the 
normal and customary terms of such person’s employment or services as a 
director or consultant with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or any 
person owning any capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or any 
member of the immediate family of such officer, employee, consultant, 
director or stockholder or any corporation or other entity controlled by 
such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder, or a member of 
the immediate family of such officer, employee, consultant, director or 
stockholder which, in each case, is required to be disclosed in the 
Commission Documents or in the Company’s most recently filed definitive 
proxy statement on Schedule 14A, that is not so disclosed in the Commission 
Documents or in such proxy statement.
 
(v) Securities Act of 1933.  Subject to the accuracy and completeness of 
the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained in the 
Transaction Documents, the Company has complied and will continuously 
comply with all applicable federal and state
 

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

securities laws in connection with the offer, issuance and sale of the 
Securities hereunder.  Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf, 
directly or indirectly, has or will sell, offer to sell or solicit offers 
to buy any of the Securities or similar securities to, or solicit offers 
with respect thereto from, or enter into any negotiations relating thereto 
with, any person, or has taken or will take any action so as to bring the 
issuance and sale of any of the Securities under the registration 
provisions of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, and 
neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its 
or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general 
advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) 
in connection with the offer or sale of any of the Securities.
 
(w) Governmental Approvals.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(w) 
hereto, and except for the filing of any notice prior or subsequent to the 
Closing that may be required under applicable state and/or federal 
securities laws (which if required, shall be filed on a timely basis), no 
authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of, filing or 
registration with any court or governmental department, commission, board, 
bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, is or will be 
necessary for, or in connection with, the execution or delivery of the 
Securities, or for the performance by the Company of its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents except for such authorizations, consents, 
approvals, licenses, exemptions, filings or registrations the Company’s 
failure of which to obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
constitute a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(x) Employees.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any collective 
bargaining arrangements or agreements covering any of its employees, except 
as set forth on Schedule 2.1(x) hereto.  Except as set forth on Schedule 
2.1(x) hereto, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any employment 
contract, non-competition agreement or any other similar contract or 
restrictive covenant, relating to the right of any officer, employee or key 
consultant to be employed or engaged by the Company or such Subsidiary.  
Since December 31, 2009, no officer, key consultant or key employee of the 
Company or any Subsidiary whose termination, either individually or in the 
aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
has terminated, or indicated to the Company his or her intent to terminate, 
his or her employment or engagement with the Company or any Subsidiary.
 
(y) Environmental Compliance.  Except as disclosed in the Commission 
Documents or on Schedule 2.1(y) hereto, the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries have obtained all material approvals, authorization, 
certificates, consents, licenses, orders and permits or other similar 
authorizations of all governmental authorities, or from any other person, 
that are required under any  Environmental Laws, except where failure to 
obtain such material approvals, authorization, certificates, consents, 
licenses, orders and permits or other similar authorizations would not 
individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.  
“Environmental Laws” shall mean all applicable laws relating to the 
protection of the environment including, without limitation, all 
requirements pertaining to reporting, licensing, permitting, controlling, 
investigating or remediating emissions, discharges, releases or threatened 
releases of hazardous substances, chemical substances, pollutants, 
contaminants or toxic substances, materials or wastes, whether solid, 
liquid or gaseous in nature, into the air, surface water, groundwater or 
land, or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, 
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of hazardous 
substances, chemical substances, pollutants, contaminants or toxic 
substances, material or wastes, whether solid, liquid or gaseous in nature. 
 Except as set

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

forth in the Commission Documents or on Schedule 2.1(y) hereto, the Company 
has all necessary governmental approvals required under all Environmental 
Laws and used in its business or in the business of any of its 
Subsidiaries, except for such instances as would not individually or in the 
aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as disclosed in the 
Commission Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are also in 
compliance with all other limitations, restrictions, conditions, standards, 
requirements, schedules and timetables required or imposed under all 
Environmental Laws, except where failure to be in compliance would not 
individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.   Except 
as disclosed in the Commission Documents or for such instances as would not 
individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect, there are 
no past or present events, conditions, circumstances, incidents, actions or 
omissions relating to or in any way affecting the Company or its 
Subsidiaries that violate or would be reasonably likely to violate any 
Environmental Law after the Closing or that would be reasonably likely to 
give rise to any environmental liability, or otherwise form the basis of 
any claim, action, demand, suit, proceeding, hearing, study or 
investigation (i) under any Environmental Law or (ii) based on or related 
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage 
(including, without limitation, underground storage tanks), disposal, 
transport or handling, or the emission, discharge, release or threatened 
release of any hazardous substance.

(z) Labor Relations.  Except as set forth in the Commission Documents or as 
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) 
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair 
labor practice, (ii) there is no strike, labor dispute, slowdown or 
stoppage pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) neither the Company nor 
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement 
or contract.

(aa) Absence of Certain Developments.  Except as disclosed on Schedule 
2.1(aa) hereto, since December 31, 2009, neither the Company nor any 
Subsidiary has:

(i) issued or become obligated to issue any stock, bonds or other corporate 
securities or any right, options or warrants with respect thereto other 
than under the Company’s stock option plan(s) and otherwise in the ordinary 
course of business;
 
(ii) borrowed or become obligated to borrow any amount or incurred or 
become subject to any liabilities (absolute or contingent) except current 
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business which are 
comparable in nature and amount to the current liabilities incurred in the 
ordinary course of business during the comparable portion of its prior 
fiscal year, as adjusted to reflect the current nature and volume of the 
Company’s or such Subsidiary’s business;
 
 
(iii) discharged or satisfied any lien or encumbrance or paid any 
obligation or liability (absolute or contingent), other than Permitted 
Liens and current liabilities paid in the ordinary course of business;
 
 
(iv) declared or made, or become obligated to make, any payment or 
distribution of cash or other property to stockholders with respect to its 
stock, or purchased or
 

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
redeemed, or made any agreements so to purchase or redeem, any shares of 
its capital stock other than under any equity incentive plans of the 
Company or any pre-existing cashless exercise rights issued in connection 
with a prior financing, which plans and/or prior financing(s) are disclosed 
on Schedule 2.1(aa);
 
 
(v) sold, assigned or transferred, or become obligated to sell, assign or 
transfer, any other tangible assets, or canceled any debts or claims, 
except in the ordinary course of business;
 
 
(vi) sold, assigned or transferred, or become obligated to sell, assign or 
transfer, any patent rights, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, trade 
secrets or other intangible assets or intellectual property rights 
necessary for the conduct of its business activities;
 
 
(vii) suffered any material losses or waived, or agreed to waive, any 
rights of material value, whether or not in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
 
(viii) made any changes in employee compensation except in the ordinary 
course of business and consistent with past practices;
 
 
(ix) made capital expenditures or commitments therefor that aggregate in 
excess of $100,000;
 
 
(x) made charitable contributions or pledges in excess of $10,000 in the 
aggregate;
 
 
(xi) experienced any material problems with labor or management in 
connection with the terms and conditions of their employment; or
 
 
(xii) entered into an agreement, written or otherwise, to take any of the 
foregoing actions.
 

(bb) Investment Company Act Status.  The Company is not, and as a result of 
and immediately upon the Closing will not be, an “investment company” or a 
company “controlled” by an “investment company,” within the meaning of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
(cc) Independent Nature of Purchasers.  The Company acknowledges that the 
obligations of each Purchaser under the Transaction Documents are several 
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser 
shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of 
any other Purchaser under the Transaction Documents and the Company shall 
not be excused from performance of its obligations to any Purchaser under 
the Transaction Documents as a result of nonperformance or breach by any 
other Purchaser.  The Company acknowledges that the decision of each 
Purchaser to purchase Securities pursuant to this Agreement has been made 
by such Purchaser independently of any other purchaser and independently of 
any information, materials, statements or opinions as to the business, 
affairs,
 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, 
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or of its 
Subsidiaries which may have made or given by any other Purchaser or by any 
agent or employee of any other Purchaser.  The Company acknowledges that 
nothing contained herein, or in any Transaction Document, and no action 
taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to 
constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture 
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers 
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such 
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  
The Company acknowledges that each Purchaser shall be entitled to 
independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation, 
the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction 
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be 
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
 
(dd) No Integrated Offering.  Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers’ 
representations and warranties herein, neither the Company, nor any of its 
affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or 
indirectly made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers 
to buy any security under circumstances that would cause the offering of 
the Securities pursuant to this Agreement to be integrated with prior 
offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would 
prevent the Company from selling the Securities pursuant to Regulation D 
and Rule 506 thereof under the Securities Act, or any applicable 
exchange-related stockholder approval provisions, nor will the Company or 
any of its affiliates or Subsidiaries take any action or steps that would 
cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with other offerings 
if such other offering, if integrated, would cause the offer and sale of 
the Securities not to be exempt from registration pursuant to Regulation D 
and Rule 506 thereof under the Securities Act.  Except as set forth on 
Schedule 2.1(dd) hereto, the Company does not have any registration 
statement pending before the Commission or currently under the Commission’s 
review and since December 31, 2009, the Company has not offered or sold any 
of its equity securities or debt securities convertible into shares of 
Common Stock.
 
(ee) DTC Status.  The Company’s current transfer agent is a participant in 
and the Common Stock is eligible for transfer pursuant to the Depository 
Trust Company Automated Securities Transfer Program.  The name, address, 
telephone number, fax number, contact person and email address of the 
Company’s transfer agent is set forth on Schedule 2.1(ee) hereto.
 
(ff) Insurance.  The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers 
of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in 
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the 
Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged.  To the best of Company’s 
knowledge, such insurance contracts and policies are accurate and complete. 
 Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it 
will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such 
coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may 
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in 
cost.  The Company currently maintains directors and officers insurance.
 
(gg) Accountants.  The Company’s accountants are set forth on Schedule 
2.1(gg).  To the Company’s knowledge, such accountants, who the Company 
expects will
 

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

express their opinion with respect to the financial statements to be 
included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending 
December 31, 2010, are a registered public accounting firm as required by 
the Securities Act and are registered with the Public Company Accounting 
Oversight Board.
 
(hh) No Disagreements with Accountants.  There are no disagreements of any 
kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, 
between the accountants formerly or presently employed by the Company 
and/or its Subsidiaries, and the Company is current with respect to any 
fees owed to its accountants.
 
(ii) No General Solicitation or Advertising in Regard to this Transaction.  
Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its 
directors, officers or any person acting on their behalf (i) has conducted 
or will conduct any general solicitation (as that term is used in Rule 
502(c) of Regulation D) or general advertising with respect to the sale of 
the Securities, or (ii) made any offers or sales of any security or 
solicited any offers to buy any security under any circumstances that would 
require registration of the Shares or Warrant Shares.
 
(jj) Foreign Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries, 
nor to the knowledge of the Company or its officers or directors, any agent 
or other person acting on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries, has 
(i) directly or indirectly, used any corrupt funds for unlawful 
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to 
foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to 
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or 
domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed 
to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or its Subsidiaries 
(or made by any person acting on their behalf of which the Company or its 
officers or directors are or reasonably should be aware) which is  in 
violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of 
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
(kk) Certificate of Incorporation.  True and correct copies of the 
Company’s certificate of incorporation and the certificates of 
incorporation and/or formation of the Company’s Subsidiaries are attached 
under Schedule 2.1(kk).
 
(ll) Litigation.  There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, 
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, 
threatened, against or materially affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or 
any of their respective properties, or to the Company’s Knowledge, against 
any of its or its Subsidiaries’ directors, officers or key employees before 
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or 
regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) 
(collectively, an “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the 
legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or 
(ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; nor to the Company’s 
knowledge does there exist any condition which may be the basis of any such 
Action.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Company's 
knowledge, any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of 
any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or 
state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty or involving 
the Company’s business, assets or properties, nor has any such Action been 
threatened by or against the Company or any Subsidiary.  There has not 
been, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or 
contemplated, any investigation
 

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director 
or officer of the Company.  The Commission has not issued any stop order or 
other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement 
filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the 
Securities Act.
 
(mm) Anti-takeover Device.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries 
has any outstanding shareholder rights plan or “poison pill” or any similar 
arrangement.  There are no provisions of any anti-takeover or business 
combination statute applicable to the Company, the Articles and the Bylaws 
which would preclude the issuance and sale of the Securities, the 
reservation for issuance of the Warrant Shares and the consummation of the 
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other 
Transaction Documents.
 
Section 2.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers.  Each of the 
Purchasers hereby represents and warrants to the Company with respect 
solely to itself and not with respect to any other Purchaser as follows as 
of the date hereof, except as set forth on the Schedule of Exceptions 
attached hereto with each numbered schedule corresponding to the section 
number herein:
 
(a) Organization and Standing of the Purchasers.  If the Purchaser is an 
entity, such Purchaser is a corporation, limited liability company or 
partnership duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organization.
 
(b) Authorization and Power.  Such Purchaser has the requisite power and 
authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents and to purchase the Securities being sold to it hereunder.  The 
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by such 
Purchaser and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated 
hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or 
other action, and no further consent or authorization of such Purchaser or 
its Board of Directors, stockholders, partners or members, as the case may 
be, is required.  When executed and delivered by the Purchasers, the 
Transaction Documents shall constitute valid and binding obligations of 
such Purchaser enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with their 
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, 
conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting 
generally the enforcement of, creditor's rights and remedies or by other 
equitable principles of general application.
 
(c) No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance of the 
Transaction Documents by such Purchaser and the consummation by such 
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated thereby and hereby do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of such Purchaser’s charter or 
organizational documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or 
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) 
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration 
or cancellation of, any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, 
note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which 
such Purchaser is a party or by which such Purchaser’s respective 
properties or assets are bound, or (iii) result in a violation of any 
federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order,
 

 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and 
regulations) applicable to such Purchaser or by which any property or asset 
of such Purchaser are bound or affected, except, in all cases, other than 
violations pursuant to clauses (i) or (iii) (with respect to federal and 
state securities laws) above, for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, 
amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect such 
Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents.
 
(d) Acquisition for Investment.  Such Purchaser is purchasing the 
Securities solely for its own account for the purpose of investment and not 
with a view to or for sale in connection with distribution.  Such 
Purchaser does not have a present intention to sell any of the Securities, 
nor a present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) or intention to 
effect any distribution of any of the Securities to or through any person 
or entity; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, 
such Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum 
or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities 
at any time in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Transaction 
Documents and Federal and state securities laws applicable to such 
disposition.  Such Purchaser acknowledges that (i) it has such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters such that Purchaser is 
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of Purchaser's investment in the 
Company, (ii) it is able to bear the financial risks associated with an 
investment in the Securities, (iii) it has been given full access to such 
records of the Company and the Subsidiaries and to the officers of the 
Company and the Subsidiaries as it has deemed necessary or appropriate to 
conduct its due diligence investigation, (iv) it has reviewed or received 
copies of the Commission Documents, (v) it and has sought such accounting, 
legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed 
investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities, (vi) 
except for this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, neither 
the Company nor its employees have disclosed to such Purchaser any material 
non-public information that, according to applicable law, rule or 
regulation, should have been disclosed publicly by the Company prior to the 
date hereof but which has not been so disclosed, and (vii) it (and not the 
Company) shall be responsible for its own tax liabilities that may arise as 
a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.  Purchaser has the financial capability to perform all of its 
obligations under this Agreement, including the financial capability to 
purchase the Securities.
 
(e) Rule 144.  Such Purchaser understands that the Securities may not be 
sold unless such Securities are registered under the Securities Act or an 
exemption from registration is available.  Such Purchaser acknowledges that 
such person is familiar with Rule 144 of the rules and regulations of the 
Commission, as amended, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (“Rule 
144”), and that such Purchaser has been advised that Rule 144 permits 
resales only under certain circumstances.  Such Purchaser understands that 
to the extent that Rule 144 is not available, such Purchaser will be unable 
to sell any Securities without either registration under the Securities Act 
or the existence of another exemption from such registration requirement.
 
(f) General.  Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are being 
offered and sold in reliance on a transactional exemption from the 
registration requirements of federal and state securities laws and the 
Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, 
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of such 
Purchaser
 

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

set forth herein in order to determine the applicability of such exemptions 
and the suitability of such Purchaser to acquire the Securities.  Such 
Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any 
government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any 
recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.
 
(g) Accredited Investor.  Such Purchaser is an “accredited investor” (as 
defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D), and such Purchaser has such 
experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of 
evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.  Such 
Purchaser is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under Section 
15 of the Exchange Act and such Purchaser is not a broker-dealer.  Such 
Purchaser acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative 
and involves a high degree of risk.
 
(h) Independent Investment.  Except as may be disclosed in any filings with 
the Commission by the Purchasers under Section 13 and/or Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act, no Purchaser has agreed to act with any other Purchaser for 
the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of the Shares 
purchased hereunder for purposes of Section 13(d) under the Exchange Act, 
and each Purchaser is acting independently with respect to its investment 
in the Securities.
 
(i) No Shorting.  Since becoming aware of a potential investment 
opportunity in the Company, no Purchaser has engaged in any short sales of 
any securities of the Company or instructed any third parties to engage in 
any short sales of securities of the Company on its behalf prior to the 
Closing Date.  Each Purchaser covenants and agrees that, so long as it is 
in possession of any Securities, it will not be in a net short position 
with respect to the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to it.
 
(j) Not an Affiliate.  Such Purchaser is not an officer, director or 
“affiliate” (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.
 
 
ARTICLE III
COVENANTS
 
The Company covenants with each Purchaser as follows, which covenants are 
for the benefit of each Purchaser and their respective permitted assignees.
 
Section 3.1 Securities Compliance.  The Company shall notify the Commission 
in accordance with its rules and regulations, of the transactions 
contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents and shall take all other 
necessary action and proceedings as may be required and permitted by 
applicable law, rule and regulation, for the legal and valid issuance of 
the Securities to the Purchasers, or their respective subsequent holders.
 
Section 3.2 Registration and Listing.  The Company shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to (i) cause its Common Stock to continue to be 
registered under Sections 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, (ii) to 
comply in all respects with its reporting and filing obligations under the 
Exchange Act and
 

 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

any applicable Blue Sky Laws, and (iii) to not take any action or file any 
document (whether or not permitted by the Securities Act or the rules 
promulgated thereunder) to terminate or suspend such registration or to 
terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the 
Exchange Act or Securities Act, except as permitted herein.  The Company 
will use commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or trading 
of its Common Stock on the OTC Bulletin Board or any successor market.  If 
the Company enters into a Qualified Financing (as defined below) and grants 
registration rights with respect to the securities or instruments issued to 
investors or other participants in the Qualified Financing, the Company 
shall provide registration rights to the Purchasers with respect to the 
Securities upon the same terms and conditions as those provided to the 
investors or other participants in the Qualified Financing. For purposes of 
this Section, “Qualified Financing” means any equity financing providing 
for the sale and issuance of any shares of Common Stock or securities 
convertible into Common Stock, except for (i) the issuance of Common Stock 
upon the exercise or conversion of any Common Stock equivalent outstanding 
on the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of such Common Stock 
equivalents as of such date; (ii) the grant of options to purchase Common 
Stock, with exercise prices not less than the closing price of the Common 
Stock on the date of grant, which are issued to employees, officers, 
directors or consultants of the Company for the primary purpose of 
soliciting or retaining their employment or service, and the issuance of 
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise thereof; (iii) the issuance of 
securities in connection with strategic business partnerships or joint 
ventures, the primary purpose of which, in the reasonable judgment of the 
Board of Directors, is not to raise additional capital or (iv) the issuance 
of securities pursuant to any equipment financing from a bank or similar 
financial or lending institution approved by the Board of Directors.  If, 
prior to December 31, 2010, the Company proposes to file a registration 
statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering (other than 
any registration statement relating solely to an underwritten public 
offering or employee benefit plans or filed in connection with an exchange 
offer) of shares, then the Company shall in each case give written notice 
of such proposed filing to the Purchasers as soon as practicable (but no 
later than ten (10) business days) before the anticipated filing date, and 
such notice shall offer each Purchaser the opportunity to register such 
number of shares of restricted stock as such Purchaser may request. Each 
Purchaser desiring to have Securities included in such registration 
statement shall so advise the Company in writing within five (5) business 
days after the date on which the Company’s notice is so given, setting 
forth the number of shares of Securities for which registration is 
requested.
 
Section 3.3 [Intentionally omitted.]
 
Section 3.4 Inspection Rights.  The Company shall permit, during normal 
business hours and upon reasonable request and reasonable notice, each 
Purchaser, prospective Purchaser or any employees, agents or 
representatives thereof, and for so long as any Purchaser shall be 
obligated hereunder to purchase the Shares or shall beneficially own any 
Shares or Warrant Shares, or as long as any prospective Purchaser has the 
right or option to purchase any Shares, for purposes reasonably related to 
such Purchaser's or prospective Purchaser’s interests as a stockholder or 
prospective stockholder to examine and make reasonable copies of the 
records and books of account of, and visit and inspect the properties, 
assets, operations and business of the Company and any Subsidiary, and to 
discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and any 
Subsidiary with any of its
 

 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

officers, consultants, directors, and key employees.  The Company agrees to 
make the appropriate employee(s) available for such discussion(s).
 
Section 3.5 Compliance with Laws.  The Company shall comply, and cause each 
Subsidiary to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
orders, noncompliance with which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 3.6 Keeping of Records and Books of Account.  The Company shall 
keep and cause each Subsidiary to keep adequate records and books of 
account, in which complete entries will be made in accordance with GAAP 
consistently applied, reflecting all financial transactions of the Company 
and its Subsidiaries.
 
Section 3.7 Reporting Requirements.  If the Commission ceases making the 
Company’s periodic reports available via the Internet without charge, then 
the Company shall, promptly after filing with the Commission, furnish the 
following to each Purchaser so long as such Purchaser shall be obligated 
hereunder to purchase the Securities or shall beneficially own Shares or 
Warrant Shares:
 
    (a) Quarterly Reports filed with the Commission on Form 10-Q;
 
    (b) Annual Reports filed with the Commission on Form 10-K; and
 
    (c) Copies of all notices, information and proxy statements in 
connection with any meetings that are, in each case, provided to holders of 
shares of Common Stock, contemporaneously with the delivery of such notices 
or information to such holders of Common Stock.
 
Section 3.8 Other Agreements.  The Company shall not enter into any 
agreement in which the terms of such agreement would restrict or impair the 
right or ability of the Company or any Subsidiary to perform its material 
obligations under the Transaction Documents.
 
Section 3.9 Use of Proceeds.  The net proceeds from the sale of the Shares 
will be used by the Company for FDA registration, product development and 
manufacturing, and for working capital to the extent not used for the 
foregoing specified purposes, and, with the exception of the redemption of 
shares of the Company’s Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the 
Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Preferred 
Stock, not to redeem any Common Stock or securities convertible, 
exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock or to settle any outstanding 
litigation, nor for any other purpose not expressly specified herein.

Section 3.10 Reporting Status. So long as a Purchaser beneficially owns any 
of the Securities, the Company shall timely file all reports required to be 
filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Company 
shall not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under 
the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations 
thereunder would permit such termination.



 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Section 3.11 Disclosure of Material Information.  The Company covenants and 
agrees that neither it nor any other person acting on its behalf has 
provided or will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any 
information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public 
information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have executed a 
written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such 
information.  The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser 
shall be relying on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions 
in securities of the Company.
 
Section 3.12 Form D.   The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to 
the Securities as required by Rule 506 under Regulation D and to provide a 
copy thereof to the Purchasers promptly after such filing.
 
Section 3.13 Blue Sky.  The Company agrees to file any form or forms 
required by any state with respect to the sale of any of the Securities 
hereunder.
 
Section 3.14 No Integrated Offerings.   The Company shall not make any 
offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities being offered or 
sold hereunder) under circumstances that would require registration of the 
Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the Securities Act.
 
Section 3.15 Disclosure of Transaction.  The Company shall file with the 
Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K (the “Form 8-K”) describing the 
material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby (and attaching as 
exhibits thereto this Agreement and the form of Warrant) as soon as 
practicable following the Closing Date but in no event more than four (4) 
Trading Days following the Closing Date, which Press Release and Form 8-K 
shall be subject to prior review and comment by the Purchasers.  “Trading 
Day” means any day during which the OTC Bulletin Board (or other principal 
exchange on which the Common Stock is traded) shall be open for trading.
 
Section 3.16 Pledge of Securities.  The Company acknowledges and agrees 
that the Securities may be pledged by a Purchaser in connection with a bona 
fide margin agreement or other loan or financing arrangement that is 
secured by the Common Stock.  The pledge of Common Stock shall not be 
deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Common Stock hereunder, 
and no Purchaser effecting a pledge of Common Stock shall be required to 
provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery 
to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document; provided that a Purchaser and its pledgee shall be required to 
comply with the provisions of Article V hereof in order to effect a sale, 
transfer or assignment of Common Stock to such pledgee. At the Purchasers' 
expense, the Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver such 
documentation as a pledgee of the Common Stock may reasonably request in 
connection with a pledge of the Common Stock to such pledgee by a 
Purchaser.
 
Section 3.17 Sarbanes-Oxley Act.  The Company shall comply with the 
applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, upon the effectiveness of such 
provisions or the date by which compliance therewith by the Company is 
required.
 

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 
ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS
 
Section 4.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Company to Close 
and to Sell the Securities.  The obligation hereunder of the Company to 
close and issue and sell the Securities to the Purchasers is subject to the 
satisfaction or waiver, at or before the Closing, of the conditions set 
forth below.  These conditions are for the Company's sole benefit and may 
be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion.
 
    (a) Accuracy of the Purchasers’ Representations and Warranties.  The 
representations and warranties of each Purchaser shall be true and correct 
in all material respects (as of the date when made and as of the Closing 
Date, as though made at that time, except for representations and 
warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be 
true and correct in all material respects as of such date.
 
    (b) Performance by the Purchasers.  Each Purchaser shall have 
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all 
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be 
performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the 
Closing Date.
 
    (c) No Injunction.  No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, 
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated 
or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 
    (d) Delivery of Purchase Price.  The Purchasers shall have delivered to 
the Company the applicable purchase price for the Securities to be 
purchased by each Purchaser.
 
    (e) Delivery of Transaction Documents.  The Transaction Documents shall 
have been duly executed and delivered by the Purchasers to the Company.
 
Section 4.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Purchasers to 
Close and to Purchase the Securities.  The obligation hereunder of each 
Purchaser to purchase the Securities and consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at 
or before the Closing Date, of each of the conditions set forth below.  
These conditions are for the Purchaser’s sole benefit and may be waived by 
the Purchaser at any time in its sole discretion.
 
    (a) Accuracy of the Company's Representations and Warranties.  Each of 
the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement, the 
schedules referenced herein and attached hereto, and the other Transaction 
Documents shall be true and correct in all
 

 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

material respects (except for those representations and warranties that are 
qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true 
and correct in all respects) as of the date when made and as of the Closing 
Date as though made at that time, except for representations and warranties 
that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be true and 
correct in all material respects (except for those representations and 
warranties that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, 
which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such date.
 
    (b) Performance by the Company.  The Company shall have performed, 
satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, 
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, 
satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.
 
    (c) No Suspension, Etc.  Trading in the Common Stock shall not have 
been suspended by the Commission or the OTC Bulletin Board (except for any 
suspension of trading of limited duration agreed to by the Company, which 
suspension shall be terminated prior to the Closing), and, at any time 
prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by 
Bloomberg Financial Markets (“Bloomberg”) shall not have been suspended or 
limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities 
whose trades are reported by Bloomberg, or on the New York Stock Exchange, 
nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United 
States or New York State authorities.
 
    (d) No Injunction.  No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, 
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated 
or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 
    (e) No Proceedings or Litigation.  No action, suit or proceeding before 
any arbitrator or any governmental authority shall have been commenced, and 
no investigation by any governmental authority shall have been threatened, 
against the Company or any Subsidiary, or any of the officers, directors or 
affiliates of the Company or any Subsidiary seeking to restrain, prevent or 
change the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking damages 
in connection with such transactions.
 
    (f) Shares and Warrants.  At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall 
have delivered to the Purchasers certificates representing the Shares (in 
such denominations as each Purchaser may request) and the Warrants (in such 
denominations as each Purchaser may request) duly executed by the Company, 
in each case, being acquired by the Purchasers at the Closing.
 
    (g) Secretary's Certificate.  The Company shall have delivered to the 
Purchasers a secretary's certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, as to 
(i) the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors approving the 
transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) the Certificate, (iii) the Bylaws, 
each as in effect at the Closing, and (iv) the authority and incumbency of 
the officers of the Company executing the Transaction Documents and any 
other documents required to be executed or delivered in connection 
therewith.
 
    (h) Officer's Certificate.  On the Closing Date, the Company shall have 
delivered to the Purchasers a certificate signed by an executive officer on 
behalf of the Company,
 

 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

dated as of the Closing Date, confirming the accuracy of the Company's 
representations, warranties and its compliance with covenants as of the 
Closing Date and confirming the compliance by the Company with the 
conditions precedent set forth in paragraphs (b)-(e) of this Section 4.2 as 
of the Closing Date (provided that, with respect to the matters in 
paragraphs (d) and (e) of this Section 4.2, such confirmation shall be 
based on the Knowledge of the Company).
 
    (i) Material Adverse Effect.  No Material Adverse Effect shall have 
occurred at or before the Closing Date.
 
    (j) Opinion of Counsel.  The Purchasers shall have received an opinion 
of counsel to the Company, dated the date of such Closing, substantially in 
the form of Exhibit D hereto, with such exceptions and limitations as shall 
be reasonably acceptable to counsel to the Purchasers.
 
 
ARTICLE V
CERTIFICATE LEGEND
 
Section 5.1 Legend.  Each certificate representing the Securities shall be 
stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following 
form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities or 
“blue sky” laws):
 
    THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (THE “SECURITIES”) HAVE
    NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
    “SECURITIES ACT”) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD,
    TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR ECHO
    THERAPEUTICS, INC. SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE
    HOLDER THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
    AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT
    REQUIRED.
 
The Company agrees to reissue certificates representing any of the Shares 
and the Warrant Shares, without the legend set forth above if at such time, 
prior to making any transfer of any such Shares or Warrant Shares, such 
holder thereof shall give written notice to the Company describing the 
manner and terms of such transfer and removal as the Company may reasonably 
request.  Such proposed transfer and removal will not be effected until: 
(a) either (i) the Company has received an opinion of counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the registration of the 
Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, under the Securities Act is 
not required in connection with such proposed transfer, (ii) a registration 
statement under the Securities Act covering such proposed disposition has 
been filed by the Company with the Commission and has become and remains 
effective under the Securities Act, (iii) the Company has received other 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that such registration and 
qualification under the Securities Act and state securities laws are not 
required,
 

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

or (iv) the holder provides the Company with reasonable assurances that 
such security can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or 
another exemption therefrom; and (b) either (i) the Company has received an 
opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect 
that registration or qualification under the securities or “blue sky” laws 
of any state is not required in connection with such proposed disposition, 
or (ii) compliance with applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws has 
been effected or a valid exemption exists with respect thereto.  The 
Company will respond to any such notice from a holder within five (5) 
business days.  In the case of any proposed transfer under this Section 
5.1, the Company will use reasonable efforts to comply with any such 
applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws, but shall in no event be 
required, (x) to qualify to do business in any state where it is not then 
qualified, or (y) to take any action that would subject it to tax or to the 
general service of process in any state where it is not then subject.  The 
restrictions on transfer contained in this Section 5.1 shall be in addition 
to, and not by way of limitation of, any other restrictions on transfer 
contained in any other section of this Agreement.  Whenever a certificate 
representing the Shares or Warrant Shares is required to be issued to a 
Purchaser without a legend, in lieu of delivering physical certificates 
representing the Shares or Warrant Shares, provided the Company's transfer 
agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) Fast 
Automated Securities Transfer program, the Company shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause its transfer agent to 
electronically transmit the Shares or Warrant Shares to a Purchaser by 
crediting the account of such Purchaser's Prime Broker with DTC through its 
Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (“DWAC”) system (to the extent not 
inconsistent with any provisions of this Agreement).
 
 
ARTICLE VI
INDEMNIFICATION
 
Section 6.1 Company Indemnity.  The Company will indemnify and hold 
harmless to the fullest extent of the law the Purchasers and their 
respective directors, officers, shareholders, partners, affiliates, 
employees, agents, successors and assigns (each, an “Indemnified Party”) 
from and against any and all losses, liabilities, deficiencies, costs, 
damages, obligations, claims, contingencies and expenses, including without 
limitation all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and 
reasonable attorneys’ fees, charges and disbursements and costs of 
investigation that any such Indemnified Party may suffer or incur 
(collectively, “Damages”) as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy 
in or breach of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements 
made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction 
Documents, or (b) any action instituted against a Purchaser, or any of them 
or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is 
not an Affiliate of such Purchaser, with respect to any of the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon 
a breach of a Purchaser’s representations, warranties or covenants under 
the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings a Purchaser 
may have with any such stockholder or any violations by a Purchaser of 
state or federal securities laws or any conduct by a Purchaser which 
constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance).  
For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Affiliate” means any Person that, 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is 
controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such
 

 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Securities Act.  
With respect to a Purchaser, any investment fund or managed account that is 
managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as such 
Purchaser will be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Purchaser.  
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing in this Section 6.1, the Company shall 
not be liable under this Section 6.1 to any Indemnified Party to the extent 
that such Damages resulted or arose from the breach by an Indemnified Party 
of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of an Indemnified 
Party contained in the Transaction Documents or the gross negligence, 
recklessness, willful misconduct or bad faith of an­­­ Indemnified Party.
 
Section 6.2 Indemnification Procedure.  If any action is brought against 
any Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant 
to this Agreement, the Indemnified Party will give written notice to the 
Company  of any matters giving rise to a claim for indemnification; 
provided, however, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give notice 
as provided herein shall not relieve the Company of its obligations under 
this Article VI except to the extent that the Company is actually 
prejudiced by such failure to give notice.    Upon the giving of such 
notice, Company shall have the right to assume the defense of any such 
action with counsel of its own choosing but reasonably acceptable to the 
Indemnified Party.  Any Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ 
separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, 
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such 
Indemnified Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has 
been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company 
has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to 
employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion 
of such separate counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between 
the position of the Company and the position of such Indemnified Party.  In 
any event, unless and until the Company elects in writing to assume and 
does so assume the defense of any such action, the Indemnified Party’s 
costs and expenses arising out of the defense, settlement or compromise of 
any such action, shall be Damages subject to indemnification hereunder.  
The Indemnified Party will cooperate fully with the Company in connection 
with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the Company, 
and shall furnish to the Company all information reasonably available to 
the Indemnified Party which relates to such action.  The Company shall keep 
the Indemnified Party fully apprised at all times as to the status of the 
defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.  The Company 
shall not be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding 
effected without its prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.  Notwithstanding anything in this Article VI to the contrary, the 
Company shall not, without the Indemnified Party’s prior written consent, 
settle or compromise any claim or consent to entry of any judgment in 
respect thereof which imposes any future obligation on the Indemnified 
Party or which does not include, as an unconditional term thereof, the 
giving by the claimant or the plaintiff to the Indemnified Party of a 
release from all liability in respect of such claim.  The indemnity 
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (a) any cause of action 
or similar rights of the Indemnified Party against the Company or others, 
and (b) any liabilities to which the Company may be subject to pursuant to 
the law.
 

 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 
ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 7.1 Fees and Expenses.  Except as otherwise set forth in this 
Agreement, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisors, 
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses, 
incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement.  Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 7.1, the Purchasers have not employed any broker or finder or 
incurred any liability for any brokerage or investment banking fees, 
commissions, finders' structuring fees, financial advisory fees or other 
similar fees in connection with the Transaction Documents.
 
Section 7.2 Specific Performance; Consent to Jurisdiction; Venue.
 
    (a) The Company and the Purchasers acknowledge and agree that 
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of 
this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents are not performed in 
accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached.  It is 
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or 
injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement 
or the other Transaction Documents and to enforce specifically the terms 
and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in addition to any other 
remedy to which any of them may be entitled by law or equity.
 
    (b) The parties agree that venue for any dispute arising under this 
Agreement will lie exclusively in the state or federal courts located in 
New York County, New York, and the parties irrevocably waive any right to 
raise forum non conveniens or any other argument that New York is not the 
proper venue.  The parties irrevocably consent to personal jurisdiction in 
the state and federal courts of the state of New York.  The Company and 
each Purchaser consent to process being served in any such suit, action or 
proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect 
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall 
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  
Nothing in this Section 7.2 shall affect or limit any right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
Section 7.3 Entire Agreement; Amendment.  This Agreement and the 
Transaction Documents contain the entire understanding and agreement of the 
parties with respect to the matters covered hereby and, except as 
specifically set forth herein or in the other Transaction Documents, 
neither the Company nor any Purchaser make any representation, warranty, 
covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters, and they supersede 
all prior understandings and agreements with respect to said subject 
matter, all of which are merged herein.  Following the Closing, no 
provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by a 
written instrument signed by the Company and the Purchasers.  Any amendment 
or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 7.3 shall be binding 
upon each Purchaser (and their permitted assigns) and the Company.
 

 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Section 7.4 Notices.  Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other 
communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be effective (a) upon delivery, by hand, telecopy or 
facsimile (or other electronic transmission) at the address or number 
designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business 
hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day 
following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during 
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the 
second business day following the date of mailing by express courier 
service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt 
of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.  The addresses for such 
communications shall be:
 
          If to the Company:                                              
Echo Therapeutics, Inc.
                        10 Forge Parkway
                        Franklin, MA 02038
                        Attention: Patrick Mooney, President and CEO
                        Tel. No.: 856-429-8778
                        Fax No.: 508-553-8760

          with copies (which copies shall not constitute notice to the 
Company) to:

                        Echo Therapeutics, Inc.
                        10 Forge Parkway
                        Franklin, MA 02038
                        Attention: Kimberly Burke, Vice President –
           Corporate Counsel
                        Tel. No.: 919-381-9099
                        Fax No.: 919-251-9833

          If to any Purchaser:
At the address of such Purchaser set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement, 
with copies to Purchaser’s counsel as set forth on Exhibit A.

Any party hereto may from time to time change its address for notices by 
giving written notice of such changed address to the other parties hereto.
 
Section 7.5 Waivers.  No waiver by any party of any default with respect to 
any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed 
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any other provision, 
condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any 
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of 
any such right accruing to it thereafter.
 
Section 7.6 Headings.  The article, section and subsection headings, and 
the table of contents, in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall 
not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose and shall not 
be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
 

 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Section 7.7 Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.  
After the Closing, the assignment by a party to this Agreement of any 
rights hereunder shall not affect the obligations of such party under this 
Agreement.  Subject to Section 5.1 hereof, the Purchasers may assign the 
Securities and their rights under this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents and any other rights hereto and thereto without the consent of 
the Company; provided, however, that such Purchaser shall not assign such 
Securities and such rights under this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents to any known competitor of the Company as identified in Schedule 
7.7.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Purchaser may assign its rights as 
provided herein so long as (i) such Purchaser agrees in writing with the 
transferee or assignee to assign such rights, and a copy of such agreement 
is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment, 
(ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or 
assignment, furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of 
such transferee or assignee, and (b) the rights and/or securities with 
respect to which such rights are being transferred or assigned, (iii) 
following such transfer or assignment the further disposition of such 
securities by the transferee or assignees is in compliance under the 
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, (iv) at or before the 
time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of 
this Section 7.7, the transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the 
Company to be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, and (v) such transfer shall have been made in 
accordance with the applicable requirements of this Agreement.
 
Section 7.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries.  Subject to the provisions of 
Article VI hereof, this Agreement is intended for the benefit of the 
parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and is 
not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any 
other person.
 
Section 7.9 Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, 
without giving effect to any of the conflicts of law principles which would 
result in the application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction.  
This Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed with any presumption 
against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.
 
Section 7.10 Survival.  The representations and warranties of the Company 
and the Purchasers, including the contents of the schedules attached 
hereto, shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the Closing 
until the first anniversary of the Closing Date.
 
Section 7.11 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by 
each party and delivered to the other parties hereto, it being understood 
that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.
 

 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Section 7.12 Severability.  In the event that any court of competent 
jurisdiction shall determine that any one or more of the provisions or part 
of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such 
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other 
provision or part of a provision of this Agreement and this Agreement shall 
be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision, or 
part of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such 
provisions would be valid, legal and enforceable to the fullest extent of 
the law.
 
Section 7.13 Publicity.  The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and 
will not include in any public announcement, the names of the Purchasers 
without the prior written consent of the Purchasers, unless and until such 
disclosure is required by law, rule or applicable regulation, and then only 
to the extent of such requirement.
 
Section 7.14 Further Assurances.  From and after the date of this 
Agreement, upon the request of the Purchasers or the Company, the Company 
and each Purchaser shall execute and deliver such instruments, documents 
and other writings as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to confirm 
and carry out and to effectuate fully the intent and purposes of this 
Agreement and the Warrants.
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first 
above written.
 

ECHO THERAPEUTICS, INC.


By:_____________________________________      
    Name:  Patrick T. Mooney
        Title:   Chief Executive Officer






[Additional Signature Pages Follow]

 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

                  PURCHASER:



By:_____________________________________       
   Name:
                                                                            
     Title:




 





[Signature Page to Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement]


 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A
LIST OF PURCHASERS

Name and Address of Purchaser
Investment Amount
No. of Units Purchased
Name and Address of Purchaser’s Counsel
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
TOTAL
  	  	 

 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT B
FORM OF SERIES-1 WARRANT

 
 

 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT C
FORM OF SERIES-2 WARRANT



 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT D
FORM OF LEGAL OPINION

 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

