 EX-10.25 4 a2200874zex-10_25.htm EX-10.25
Exhibit 10.25
 
FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This Indemnification Agreement (Agreement) is made as of [                
   ], 2010 by and between Aeroflex Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation 
(the Company), and [                                 ] (Indemnitee).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve 
publicly-held corporations as directors or officers unless they are 
provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate 
indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them 
arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the 
corporation;
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined 
that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company 
will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, 
liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its 
subsidiaries from certain liabilities.  Although the furnishing of such 
insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United 
States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company 
believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance 
may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more 
exclusions.  At the same time, directors and officers in service to 
corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to 
expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, 
matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company 
or business enterprise itself.  The Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of the Company (the Certificate of Incorporation) requires 
indemnification of the directors, observers and officers of the Company.  
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL).  The Certificate of 
Incorporation and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification 
provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate 
that contracts may be entered into between the Company and directors, 
observers and officers with respect to indemnification;
 
WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to 
indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining 
directors and officers;
 
WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in 
attracting and retaining directors and officers is detrimental to the best 
interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should 
act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such 
protection in the future;
 
WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company 
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on 
behalf of, directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company 
free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified;
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of 
VGG Holding, LLC, dated as of August 15, 2007, as amended to date (the VGG 
Agreement),
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The Veritas Capital Fund III, L.P. and AX Holding LLC have the right to 
appoint not more than three board observers (each an Observer) to attend 
meetings of the Board;
 
WHEREAS, the Board has determined that it is reasonable and prudent for the 
Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance 
expenses on behalf of, Observers to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law; and
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the 
Certificate of Incorporation and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, 
and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate 
any rights of Indemnitee thereunder.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants 
contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree 
as follows:
 
Section 1.               Services to the Company as a Director or Officer; 
Observer Status.  [Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director or officer of 
the Company; provided, that Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason 
resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or 
any obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event the Company 
shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue Indemnitee in 
such position; and, provided, further, that, except as may be created by 
any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of 
law, nothing contained herein shall be interpreted to create a right to 
serve as director or officer in favor of Indemnitee.]  [Any observer rights 
of Indemnitee shall be as set forth in the VGG Agreement and nothing 
contained herein shall be interpreted to create any observer rights in 
favor of Indemnitee.]  The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall 
continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director or 
officer of the Company, to act as an Observer, or to serve at the request 
of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of 
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, 
as provided in Section 16 hereof.
 
Section 2.               Definitions.  As used in this Agreement:
 
(a)           Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the 
earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following 
events:
 
i.              Acquisition of Stock by Third Party.  (A) Any Person (as 
defined below) other than The Veritas Capital Fund III, L.P., Golden Gate 
Private Equity, Inc. or GS Direct, L.L.C. or their respective affiliates 
(collectively, the Sponsors) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as 
defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company 
representing thirty five percent (35%) or more of the combined voting power 
of the Companys then outstanding securities; or (B) any of the Sponsors 
and/or its affiliates is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or 
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) 
or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding 
securities;
 
ii.             Change in Board of Directors.  During any period of two (2) 
consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this 
Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the 
Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person 
who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction 
described in Sections 2(a)(i), 2(a)(iii) or 2(a)(iv)) whose election by the
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved 
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who 
either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or 
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to 
constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;
 
iii.            Corporate Transactions.  The effective date of a merger or 
consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or 
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company 
outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to 
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into 
voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 51% of the combined 
voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding 
immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect 
at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of 
such surviving entity;
 
iv.            Liquidation.  The approval by the stockholders of the 
Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the 
sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the 
Companys assets; and
 
v.             Other Events.  There occurs any other event of a nature that 
would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A 
of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar 
schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), 
whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.
 
For purposes of this Section 2(a), the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:
 
(A)          Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) 
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude 
(i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities 
under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in 
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the 
Company.
 
(B)           Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term 
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial 
Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner solely 
by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the 
Company with another entity.
 
(b)           Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or 
was a director, trustee, partner, managing member, officer, employee, agent 
or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership or joint venture, trust or other enterprise which such 
person is or was serving at the request of the Company, or an Observer.
 
(c)           Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company 
who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which 
indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)           Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust 
or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of 
the Company as a director, trustee, partner, managing member, officer, 
employee, agent or fiduciary.
 
(e)           Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.
 
(f)            Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, 
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts and other 
professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing 
and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax 
transmission charges, secretarial services, any federal, state, local or 
foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed 
receipt of any payments under this Agreement, ERISA excise taxes and 
penalties, and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses of the 
types customarily incurred in connection with, or as a result of, 
prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, 
being or preparing to be a deponent or witness in, or otherwise 
participating in, a Proceeding.  Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses 
incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, 
including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs 
relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its 
equivalent, (ii) expenses incurred in connection with recovery under any 
directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the 
Company, regardless of whether the Indemnitee is ultimately determined to 
be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or insurance 
recovery, as the case may be, and (iii) for purposes of Section 13(d) only, 
Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with the 
interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this 
Agreement, by litigation or otherwise.  The parties agree that for the 
purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made 
written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all 
Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of 
Indemnitees counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed conclusively to 
be reasonable.  Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in 
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against 
Indemnitee.
 
(g)           Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm, or a member of a 
law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither 
presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent:  
(i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party 
(other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this 
Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification 
agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a 
claim for indemnification hereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the 
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a 
conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an 
action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.  The Company 
agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel 
referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all 
Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(h)           The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending 
or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross-claim, arbitration, 
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, 
administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed 
proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and 
whether of a civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory, legislative or 
investigative nature, formal or informal, including any appeal therefrom in 
which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, 
non-party witness or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was a director or officer of the Company, or an Observer, by reason of any 
action taken by him or of any inaction on his part while acting as director 
or officer of the Company or as an Observer, or by reason of the fact that 
he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, 
employee or agent of another corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, in each case whether 
or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is 
incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of 
Expenses can be provided under this Agreement.  If the Indemnitee believes 
in good faith that a given situation may lead to or culminate in the 
institution of a Proceeding, this shall be considered a Proceeding under 
this paragraph.
 
(i)            Reference to other enterprise shall include employee 
benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise tax assessed 
with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the 
request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves 
services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an 
employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who 
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the 
best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit 
plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.
 
Section 3.               Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings.  The Company 
shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 3 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a 
participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right 
of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.  Pursuant to this 
Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, penalties, 
fines and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments 
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such 
Expenses, judgments, liabilities, penalties, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf 
in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, 
if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to 
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case 
of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his 
conduct was unlawful.  The parties hereto intend that this Agreement shall 
provide to the fullest extent permitted by law for indemnification in 
excess of that expressly permitted by statute, including, without 
limitation, any indemnification provided by the Certificate of 
Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws), vote of its 
stockholders or Disinterested Directors or applicable law.
 
Section 4.               Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the 
Company.  The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, 
a party to or a participant in any Proceeding by or in
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.  Pursuant to 
this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law against all Expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any 
claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a 
manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests 
of the Company.  If applicable law so provides, no indemnification for 
Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue 
or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a 
court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the 
Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court) or any court 
in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, 
despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances 
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to 
indemnification.
 
Section 5.               Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is 
Wholly or Partly Successful.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this 
Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the 
extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is 
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of 
any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall 
indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred 
by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.  If Indemnitee is not 
wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or 
otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in 
such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all 
Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in 
connection with or related to each successfully resolved claim, issue or 
matter to the fullest extent permitted by law.  For purposes of this 
Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or 
matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall 
be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.
 
Section 6.               Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by 
reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or otherwise asked to participate 
in any aspect of a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, the 
Company shall indemnify him against all Expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.
 
Section 7.               Partial Indemnification.  If Indemnitee is 
entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the 
Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total 
amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the 
portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled.
 
Section 8.               Additional Indemnification.
 
(a)           Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the 
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party 
to or a participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the 
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all 
Expenses, judgments, liabilities, penalties, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or 
payable in connection with or in respect of such
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Expenses, judgments, liabilities, penalties, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee 
in connection with the Proceeding.
 
(b)           For purposes of Section 8(a), the meaning of the phrase to 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law shall include, but not be 
limited to:
 
i.              to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the 
DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by 
agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or 
replacement of the DGCL; and
 
ii.             to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any 
amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this 
Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its 
directors, observers and officers.
 
Section 9.               Exclusions.  Notwithstanding any other provision 
in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement 
to make any indemnification payment in connection with any claim made 
against Indemnitee:
 
(a)           for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of 
Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except 
with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance 
policy or other indemnity provision; or
 
(b)           for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale 
(or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within 
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as defined in Section 
2(a) hereof) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 
(ii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnitee of any bonus or 
other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits 
realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as 
required in each case under the Exchange Act; or
 
(c)           except as provided in Section 14(d) of this Agreement, in 
connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by 
Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) 
initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, 
employees or other indemnitees, unless:  (i) the Board authorized the 
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation; (ii) 
such payment arises in connection with any mandatory counterclaim or 
cross-claim or affirmative defense brought or raised by Indemnitee in any 
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding); (iii) the Company provides the 
indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in 
the Company under applicable law; or (iv) the Company is expressly required 
by law to make the indemnification.
 
Section 10.             Advances of Expenses.  Notwithstanding any 
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall advance, to 
the extent not prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee or on 
Indemnitees behalf in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any 
Proceeding), and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) days 
after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting 
such advances, from time to time, whether prior to or after final 
disposition of any Proceeding.  Advances shall be unsecured and interest 
free.  Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement 
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.  Advances 
shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action 
to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing 
and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed.  
The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery 
to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking 
providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced 
(without interest) to the extent that it is ultimately determined that 
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.  No other form 
of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this 
Agreement.  This Section 10 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee 
for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 9.
 
Section 11.             Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim.
 
(a)           Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing of any matter 
with respect to which Indemnitee intends to seek indemnification or 
advancement of Expenses hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the receipt by Indemnitee of written notice thereof.  The written 
notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of 
the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding, in each case to the 
extent known to Indemnitee.  To obtain indemnification under this 
Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, 
including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is 
reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine 
whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification 
following the final disposition of such Proceeding.  The failure by 
Indemnitee to notify the Company hereunder will not relieve the Company 
from any liability which it may have to Indemnitee hereunder or otherwise 
than under this Agreement, and any delay in so notifying the Company shall 
not constitute a waiver by Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement.  
The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request 
for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has 
requested indemnification.
 
(b)           The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding 
at its own expense.
 
(c)           The Company shall not settle any Proceeding (in whole or in 
part) if such settlement would impose any Expense, judgment, liability, 
fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee for which Indemnitee is not 
entitled to be indemnified hereunder without the Indemnitees prior written 
consent.
 
Section 12.             Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification.
 
(a)           Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification 
pursuant to Section 11(a), a determination, if required by applicable law, 
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the 
specific case:  (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by 
Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which 
shall be delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not 
have occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even 
though less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested 
Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, 
even though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such 
Disinterested
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent 
Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be 
delivered to Indemnitee or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the 
stockholders of the Company; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is 
entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within 
thirty (30) days after such determination.  Indemnitee shall cooperate with 
the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to 
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such 
person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation 
or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from 
disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably 
necessary to such determination.  Any costs or Expenses (including 
attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee 
in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such 
determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the 
determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the 
Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless 
therefrom.  The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with 
respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to 
indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which 
indemnification has been denied.
 
(b)           In the event the determination of entitlement to 
indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 
12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this 
Section 12(b).  If a Change in Control shall not have occurred, the 
Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall 
give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the 
Independent Counsel so selected.  If a Change in Control shall have 
occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless 
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board of 
Directors, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and 
Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the 
identity of the Independent Counsel so selected.  In either event, 
Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days 
after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to 
the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to 
such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only 
on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the 
requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this 
Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual 
basis of such assertion.  Absent a proper and timely objection, the person 
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel.  If such written objection is 
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not 
serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn 
or the Delaware Court has determined that such objection is without merit.  
If, within twenty (20) days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of 
a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof and 
the final disposition of the Proceeding, no Independent Counsel shall have 
been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may 
petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall 
have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of 
Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a 
person selected by the Delaware Court or by such other person as the 
Delaware Court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all 
objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as 
Independent Counsel under Section 12(a) hereof.  Upon the due commencement 
of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this 
Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any 
further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable 
standards of professional conduct then prevailing).
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)           If the Company disputes a portion of the amounts for which 
indemnification is requested, the undisputed portion shall be paid and only 
the disputed portion withheld pending resolution of any such dispute.
 
Section 13.             Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings.
 
(a)           In making a determination with respect to entitlement to 
indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such 
determination shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, presume 
that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if 
Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with 
Section 11(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest 
extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proof to overcome that 
presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity 
of any determination contrary to that presumption.  Neither the failure of 
the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have 
made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to 
this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because 
Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual 
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent 
Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, 
shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee 
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.
 
(b)           Subject to Section 14(e), if the person, persons or entity 
empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine 
whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a 
determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the 
request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to 
indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be 
deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such 
indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material 
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees 
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for 
indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under 
applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended 
for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the 
person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to 
entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time 
for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information 
relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 13(b) shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement 
to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 
12(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt 
by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved 
to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at 
an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after 
such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special 
meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such 
receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held 
for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and 
such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of 
entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel 
pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.
 
(c)           The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other 
disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party 
to avoid expense, delay,
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
distraction, disruption and uncertainty.  To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, in the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which 
Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse 
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of 
such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other 
consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on 
the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding.  Anyone seeking 
to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden 
of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.
 
(d)           The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or 
matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a 
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right 
of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee 
did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to 
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect 
to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe 
that his conduct was unlawful.
 
(e)           For purposes of any determination of good faith, or, with 
respect to any criminal Proceeding, a determination that the Indemnitee had 
no reasonable cause to believe that his action was unlawful, Indemnitee 
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith or, with respect to any 
criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his action 
was unlawful, if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of 
account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on 
information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors or officers of the 
Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel 
for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to 
the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an 
appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise.  
The provisions of this Section 13(e) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or 
to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be 
deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this 
Agreement.  Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 13(e) 
are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all 
times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in 
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company.
 
(f)            The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any 
director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, agent or 
employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes 
of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.
 
Section 14.             Remedies of Indemnitee.
 
(a)           Subject to Section 14(e), in the event that (i) a 
determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that 
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) 
advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this 
Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall 
have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ninety 
(90) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, 
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or 
the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) 
days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) 
payment of
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
indemnification pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 8 of this Agreement is not made 
within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee 
is entitled to indemnification, or (vi) the Company or any other person 
takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or 
unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or Proceeding 
designed to deny, or to recover from, Indemnitee the benefits provided or 
intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be 
entitled to an adjudication by a court of his entitlement to such 
indemnification or advancement of Expenses.  Alternatively, Indemnitee, at 
his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single 
arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association.  Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking 
an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the 
date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding 
pursuant to this Section 14(a); provided, however, that the foregoing 
clause shall not apply in respect of a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to 
enforce his rights under Section 5 of this Agreement.  The Company shall 
not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in 
arbitration.
 
(b)           In the event that a determination shall have been made 
pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled 
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced 
pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de 
novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be 
prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.  In any judicial 
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the 
Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to 
indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be.
 
(c)           If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 
12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the 
Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or 
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a 
misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material 
fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in 
connection with the request for indemnification or (ii) a prohibition of 
such indemnification under applicable law.
 
(d)           The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by 
law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration 
commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions 
of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall 
stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company 
is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.  It is the intent of the 
Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Indemnitee not be 
required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the 
interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this 
Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof 
would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to 
the Indemnitee hereunder.  The Company, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if 
requested by Indemnitee, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request 
therefor, advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such Expenses to 
Indemnitee, which are incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection 
with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement of 
Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and 
officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company if 
Indemnitee is wholly
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
successful on the underlying claims and, if Indemnitee is not wholly 
successful on the underlying claims, then such indemnification shall be 
only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or 
otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater.
 
(e)           Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, 
no determination as to entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under 
this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition 
of the Proceeding.
 
(f)            The Company and Indemnitee agree that a monetary remedy for 
breach of this Agreement may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult to 
prove, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable 
harm.  Accordingly, the Company and Indemnitee agree that Indemnitee may 
enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific 
performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or 
irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific 
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining 
any other relief to which he may be entitled.  The Company and Indemnitee 
further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such injunctive relief 
and specific performance, including temporary restraining orders, 
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of 
posting a bond or any other undertaking in connection therewith.  The 
Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking 
may be required of Indemnitee by the applicable court, and the Company 
hereby waives any such requirement of a bond or undertaking.
 
Section 15.             Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; 
Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation.
 
(a)           The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of 
Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive of 
any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under 
applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any 
agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or 
otherwise and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without 
reference to, any other such rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be 
entitled.  No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any 
provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this 
Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in 
his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.  To the 
extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial 
decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than 
would be afforded currently under the Companys Certificate of 
Incorporation, and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto 
that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so 
afforded by such change.  If any change in Delaware law narrows the right 
of a corporation to indemnify a director, observer or officer, that change 
will have no effect on this Agreement or the parties rights and obligations 
under this Agreement unless and only to the extent required by law.  No 
right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other 
right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and 
in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or 
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.  The assertion or 
employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not 
prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or 
remedy.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)           To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy 
or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, 
employees or agents of the Company or of any other corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise which such person 
serves at the request of the Company, or for Observers, Indemnitee shall be 
covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to 
the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, 
officer, employee or agent or Observer under such policy or policies.  If, 
at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms 
hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, 
the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding 
to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the 
respective policies.  The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or 
desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the 
Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in 
accordance with the terms of such policies.
 
(c)           The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has or may 
have in the future certain rights to indemnification, advancement of 
expenses and/or insurance provided by other entities and/or organizations 
(collectively, the Other Indemnitors).  The Company hereby agrees (i) 
that it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to 
Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Other Indemnitors to 
advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or 
liabilities incurred by Indemnitee are secondary), (ii) that it shall be 
required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by Indemnitee and 
shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, 
liabilities, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement to the extent 
legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the 
Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (or any other agreement between 
the Company and Indemnitee), without regard to any rights Indemnitee may 
have against the Other Indemnitors and, (iii) that it irrevocably waives, 
relinquishes and releases the Other Indemnitors from any and all claims 
against the Other Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other 
recovery of any kind in respect thereof.  The Company further agrees that 
no advancement or payment by the Other Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee 
with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification 
from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Other Indemnitors shall 
have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such 
advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee 
against the Company.  The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Other 
Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms of this 
Section 15(c).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 15(c) 
limits or is intended to limit the obligations of the Companys directors 
and officer liability insurance provider, if any, to the Company pursuant 
to any policy of directors and officers liability insurance paid for by the 
Company.
 
(d)           In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company 
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of 
recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Other Indemnitors), who 
shall execute all papers required and take all action reasonably necessary 
to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are 
necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights, and 
who shall be indemnified by the Company for any Expenses incurred in 
connection therewith.
 
(e)           The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make 
any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement is 
provided
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
hereunder) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise 
actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, 
agreement or otherwise.
 
(f)            The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses 
hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company 
as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, 
employee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise shall be reduced by 
any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or 
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.
 
Section 16.             Duration of Agreement.  This Agreement shall 
continue until and terminate upon the later of:  (a) 10 years after the 
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to (i) serve as a director or 
officer of the Company or (ii) be an Observer or (b) 1 year after the final 
termination of any Proceeding then pending in respect of which Indemnitee 
is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder 
and of any proceeding (including any appeal) commenced by Indemnitee 
pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement relating thereto.  This Agreement 
shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns (including 
any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or 
otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the 
Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a 
director or officer of the Company or an Observer and shall inure to the 
benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, 
executors and administrators and other legal representatives.
 
Section 17.             Severability.  If any provision or provisions of 
this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for 
any reason whatsoever:  (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, 
each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired 
thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by 
law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the 
extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum 
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent 
possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, 
each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the 
intent manifested thereby.
 
Section 18.             Enforcement.
 
(a)           The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered 
into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in 
order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the 
Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this 
Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company(1).
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1)  Section 17(a) will be deleted in indemnification agreements with 
observers.
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)           This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all 
prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, 
however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the 
Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and officers 
insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be 
deemed a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of 
Indemnitee thereunder.
 
Section 19.             Modification and Waiver.  No supplement, 
modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding 
unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto.  No supplement, 
modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement or of any 
provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this 
Agreement in respect of an action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee prior 
to such supplement, modification, termination or amendment.  No waiver of 
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute 
a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement (whether or not similar) 
nor shall any such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.
 
Section 20.             Notice by Indemnitee.  Indemnitee agrees promptly 
to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, 
citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document 
relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to 
indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder.  The failure 
of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any 
obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or 
otherwise.
 
Section 21.             Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the 
party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, 
(b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the 
fifth business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by 
reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said 
notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by 
facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such 
transmission has been received:
 
(a)           If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature 
page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide 
to the Company.
 
(b)           If to the Company to:
 
                Aeroflex Holding Corp.
                35 South Service Road
                P.O. Box 6022
                Plainview, NY 11803
                Attention:  President
                Fax No.: (516) 694-0658
                 
or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the 
Company.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 22.             Contribution.
 
(a)           To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if 
the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to 
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying 
Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by or on behalf of 
Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts 
paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with 
any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such 
proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the 
circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative 
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) 
and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the 
relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and 
agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or 
transaction(s).  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company hereby 
waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time 
against the Indemnitee.
 
Section 23.             Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction.  This 
Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, 
and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.  Except with 
respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 
14(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or 
in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware 
Court, and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of 
America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or 
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) agree 
to accept service of process in any manner permitted by the Delaware Court, 
(iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or 
proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) waive, and agree not to plead or 
to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the 
Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.
 
Section 24.             Identical Counterparts.  This Agreement may be 
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes 
be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same Agreement.  Only one such counterpart signed by the party 
against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the 
existence of this Agreement.
 
Section 25.             Attorneys Fees.  If a Proceeding is instituted by 
or in the name of the Company under this Agreement or to enforce or 
interpret this Agreement, the Company will pay to Indemnitee all Expenses 
incurred by Indemnitee in defense of that Proceeding (including with 
respect to Indemnitees counterclaims and cross-claims made in that 
Proceeding), unless as a part of the Proceeding the court determines that 
each of Indemnitees material defenses to the Proceeding were made in bad 
faith or were frivolous.
 
Section 26.             Miscellaneous.  Use of the masculine pronoun shall 
be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.  The 
headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience 
only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to 
affect the construction thereof.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
AEROFLEX HOLDING CORP.
 
INDEMNITEE
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 Name:
 
Name:
 
 Office:
 
Address:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

