 EX-10 2 gmv8k110810ex101.htm EX-10.1 AMENDED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended Management Agreement (the Agreement) is made effective as of 
the 1st day of October, 2010, by and between GMV Wireless, Inc., a Nevada 
corporation (the Company) and Mark Simon (Mr. Simon).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, Mr. Simon and the Company entered into a prior Management 
Agreement (the Original Agreement), whereby Mr. Simon was to handle the 
business of the Company;

WHEREAS, Mr. Simon and the Company have agreed that this Agreement shall 
replace the Original Agreement in all respects, and therefore the Original 
Agreement is thereby rendered null and void;

WHEREAS, Mr. Simon has expertise in the areas of corporate management, 
finance, investment and other matters relating to the business of the 
Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to avail itself of the expertise of Mr. Simon 
in the aforesaid areas, in which it acknowledges the expertise of Mr. 
Simon.

AGREEMENT:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the 
covenants and conditions herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:

1. Appointment.

The Company hereby appoints Mr. Simon to render advisory and consulting 
services described in Section 2 hereof for the term of this Amended 
Agreement.

2. Services.

During the term of this Agreement, Mr. Simon shall render to the Company, 
as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial 
Officer, Secretary and a Director  in relation to the operations of the 
Company, strategic planning, and financial oversight and including, without 
limitation, advisory and consulting services in relation to the selection, 
retention and supervision of independent auditors, the selection, retention 
and supervision of outside legal counsel, the selection, retention and 
supervision financial advisors or consultants and the structuring and 
implementation of equity participation plans, employee benefit plans and 
other incentive arrangements for certain key executives of the Company 
(collectively the Services).

3. Fees.

In consideration of the performance of the Services contemplated by Section 
2 hereof, the Company agrees to pay to Mr. Simon an aggregate fee (the 
Fee) of $2,500 per calendar month. From March 1, 2010  until September 30, 
2010, the Fee shall be paid as follows: (i) $1,000 cash; and, (ii) $1,500 
converted into shares of the Company's Common Stock at a rate of $0.15 per 
share or 10,000 shares per month. Beginning on October 1, 2010, Mr. Simon 
will be paid the Fee of $2,500 per calendar month solely in cash.

4. Out-of-Pocket Expenses

In addition to the compensation payable to Mr. Simon pursuant to Section 3 
hereof, the Company shall, at the direction of Mr. Simon, pay directly, or 
reimburse Mr. Simon for, his reasonable Out-of-Pocket Expenses. For the 
purposes of this Agreement, the term Out-of-Pocket Expenses shall mean 
the amounts actually paid by Mr. Simon in cash in connection with his 
performance of the Services, including, without limitation, reasonable (i) 
fees and disbursements (including, underwriting fees) of any independent 
auditors, outside legal counsel, consultants, investment bankers, financial 
advisors and other independent professionals and organizations, (ii) costs 
of any outside services or independent contractors such as financial 
printers, couriers, business publications or similar services and (iii) 
transportation, per diem, telephone calls, word processing expenses or any 
similar expense not associated with its ordinary operations. All 
reimbursements for Out-of-Pocket Expenses shall be made promptly upon or as 
soon as practicable after presentation by Mr. Simon to the Company of the 
statement in connection therewith.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

5. Indemnification

The Company will indemnify and hold harmless Mr. Simon from and against any 
and all losses, costs, expenses, claims, damages and liabilities 
(collectively the Liabilities) to which Mr. Simon may become subject 
under any applicable law, or any claim made by any third party, or 
otherwise, to the extent they relate to or arise out of the performance of 
the Services contemplated by this Agreement or the engagement of Mr. Simon 
pursuant to, and the performance by Mr. Simon of the Services contemplated 
by, this Agreement. The Company will not be liable under the foregoing 
indemnification provision to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, 
liability, cost or expense is determined by a court, in a final judgment 
from which no further appeal may be taken, to have resulted solely from the 
gross negligence or willful misconduct of Mr. Simon. If Mr. Simon is 
reimbursed hereunder for any expenses, such reimbursement of expenses shall 
be refunded to the extent it is finally judicially determined that the 
Liabilities in question resulted solely from the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of Mr. Simon.

6. Termination

This Agreement shall be in effect on the date hereof and shall continue 
until such time as Mr. Simon or one or more of his affiliates collectively 
control, in the aggregate, less than 10% of the equity interests of the 
Company, or such earlier time as the Company and Mr. Simon may mutually 
agree. The provisions of Sections 5, 7 and 8 and otherwise as the context 
so requires shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

7. Other Activities

Nothing herein shall in any way preclude Mr. Simon from engaging in any 
business activities or from performing services for his own account or for 
the account of others, including for companies that may be in competition 
with the business conducted by the Company.

8. General.

(a)
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or consent to 
any departure by either party from any such provision, shall be effective 
unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties to this 
Agreement, and, in any case, such amendment, waiver or consent shall be 
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for 
which given.

(b)
This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder may not be assigned 
without the prior written consent of the parties hereto; provided, however, 
that Mr. Simon may assign or transfer his duties or interests hereunder to 
a Mr. Simon affiliate at the sole discretion of Mr. Simon.

(c)
This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall supersede all previous 
oral and written (and all contemporaneous oral) negotiations, commitments, 
agreements and understandings relating hereto.

(d)
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and enforced in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Nevada (excluding the choice of law principles 
thereof). The parties to this Agreement hereby agree to submit to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the 
state of Nevada in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement.

(e)
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by 
different parties on separate counterparts. Each set of counterparts 
showing execution by all parties shall be deemed an original, and shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.

(f)
The waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement shall not operate 
as or be construed to be a waiver by such party of any subsequent breach.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
and delivered by their duly authorized officers or agents as set forth 
below.

                                          GMV Wireless, Inc.

                                    By: /s/ Mark Simon     
                                    Its: President and CEO
                                    Name: Mark Simon

                                    Mark Simon

                                    By: /s/ Mark Simon      


2

