 EX-10 6 ex101.htm
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT


THIS AGREEMENT is made this 25th day of November, 2009 by and between 
Fresca Worldwide Trading Corp., a Nevada corporation, having a place of 
business at 806 S. First St., Fulton, New York 13069 (the "Seller"), and 
Onyx Service & Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having a place of 
business at 7337 Oswego Rd., Liverpool, New York 13090 (the Buyer).


WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of certain property, tangible and intangible 
(individually or collectively the "Assets"), including, for example, three 
(3) ATM machines and nineteen (19) ATM machines under management, all of 
which constitute all of the assets used by or available for use by Seller 
in the operation of its business of an ATM vending company (the 
"Business"), and all of which are more specifically described on the 
attached Schedule A; and

 WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase from Seller, and Seller desires to sell 
to "Buyer,
on the terms set forth herein, the Assets.
NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows:  

1. Warranties and Representations of Seller
The Seller warrants and represents to Buyer as follows:
      (a) Organization and Standing of Seller. The Seller is a corporation
      duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws
      of the State of Nevada.
       (b) Corporate Authority. Seller has full power and authority to
      carry on the
Business as it is now conducted, to own, lease and use the assets now 
owned, leased and used by it, and to enter into this Agreement and 
consummate the transactions herein contemplated. Seller and its Member have 
taken all action, as may be advisable, necessary and proper to authorize 
and approve the execution of this Agreement by Seller and the performance 
by Seller of its terms.
      (c) Title to Assets. Seller alone owns outright all of the Assets. 
      Seller has good
and marketable title to the Assets free of any claims, mortgages, liens, 
security interests or other encumbrances.
      (d) Condition of Assets. The Assets will be purchased ''as is" at the
      time of
execution of this Agreement. However, the Assets are in good working order 
and condition and usable, in accordance with their purposes, in the 
operation of the Business.
(e) Warranties and Service Contracts. All warranties and service contracts 
relating
To the Assets; which exist at the time of execution of this Agreement, as 
described on the attached Schedule B.  All such warranties and service 
contracts are now in full force and effect-
there being no defaults by either party thereunder.  Seller has not 
performed any act nor has there been an omission by Seller which will 
adversely affect, nullify or cause a default or right of termination. 
Seller’s interest in all of the warranties and service contracts is freely 
transferable to Buyer at closing without the need to obtain any prior 
consents and without causing a violation of
or creating the right of termination on the part of any third party.
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
      (f) Employee Relations.   Seller is not engaged in any labor or other
      controversy
with any of its employees.  Seller has not entered into any contract or 
agreement of employment with any of its employees.  All of the Seller's 
employees may be terminated by Seller at any time without violating any 
agreement or understanding existing between Seller and its employees.  
Seller has no pension, profit sharing, retirement or deferred compensation 
plans nor does it provide any other benefits for, any of its employees.
(g) Obligations and Agreements.  All of Seller’s obligations, financial or 
otherwise, and all agreements, including the lease of any real or personal 
property, written or oral, relating to the Business or any of the Assets 
are set forth on the attached Schedule C (the Obligations and 
Agreements).  All of the Obligations and Agreements are current and in 
full force and effect - there being no defaults by either party thereunder. 
 Seller has not performed any act nor has there been an omission by Seller 
which will adversely affect, mollify or cause a default or right of 
termination under any Obligations or Agreement.  Seller’s interest in all 
of the Obligations and Agreements is freely transferable to Buyer at 
closing without the need to obtain any prior consents and without causing a 
violation of or creating the right of termination on the part of any third 
party.
       (h) Litigation.  There are no suits, claims, actions, proceedings,
      arbitrations, other
 litigation or known investigation of or against the Seller, or to which 
Seller is a party, threatened or pending, at law or in equity, before any 
court, governmental department, board, agency, bureau or instrumentality, 
affecting in any way Seller, the Assets, the conduct of the Business by 
Seller or Buyer, execution of this Agreement or consummation of the 
transaction contemplated herein (the Action").  There are no outstanding 
judgments or liens against Seller.  Seller does not know and has no 
reasonable grounds for knowing any facts or circumstances which could 
reasonably form the basis for an Action.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(i) Taxes and Audits.  All Federal, state and local Taxes and obligations, 
including


Without limitations sales, income, payroll and withholding tax, and all 
applicable returns and reports, have been paid and filed by the Seller.  
All taxes and obligations now due and any accrued until the time of closing 
have been or will be paid or provision for payment, satisfactory to Buyer, 
will be made.  Included in such taxes and obligations are unemployment 
insurance contributions required to be made by Seller.


      (j)Books and Records.  The books and records of account of Seller
      have been


regularly kept and maintained on a cash basis in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, and they 
fairly and accurately reflect the transactions of Seller in the conduct of 
the Business.

      (k) Financial Statements.  Any statements and financial information
      provided

by Seller fairly and accurately present the financial condition of Seller 
and the results of the operation of the Business for the period indicated.


       (l) Applicable Laws. The conduct of the Business and the condition,
      ownership,


 lease and use of the Assets are in accordance with all applicable federal, 
state and local laws, rules, orders and regulations, inclusive of those of 
administrative boards or other agencies. Seller does not know of and has no 
reasonable grounds for knowing any existing or proposed laws, rules, orders 
or regulations which will adversely affect the conduct of the Business by 
Seller or Buyer, the ownership of the Assets or their compliance with 
applicable laws.

      (m) Terminable Agreements.  All of the agreements to which Seller is
      a party

and which relate to the operation of the Business, written or oral, can be 
terminated by Seller; and none require more than a thirty (30) day notice 
to so terminate.


      (n) Conduct of Seller’s Business.  Between the date of this Agreement
      and the


 time of closing, except as otherwise agreed to in writing by Buyer, Seller 
will;

                  i.   conduct the Business in the normal course and in the
                  same manner as before;

                  3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            ii.   make no change in its articles or organization or
            operating agreement;

                  iii.   subject to normal depreciation incurred in the
                  ordinary course of business, use its best efforts to
                  preserve the Assets; and

                  iv.    take no act or fail to take any act which will in
                  any way affect the truth or occurrence of the warranties
                  and representations contained in this Agreement.

      (o) No Insolvency or Bankruptcy.  No insolvency proceeding of any
      character,

 including without limitation, bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, 
composition or arrangement with creditors, voluntary or involuntary, 
affecting Seller, or the Assets, is pending or threatened and Seller has 
not made any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or taken any other 
action with a view to, or which would constitute the basis for, the 
institution of such insolvency proceedings.

      (p) Warranties and Representations at Time of Closing. The warranties
      and
representations contained in this Agreement and in any certificates, 
exhibits, schedules,

instruments or documents delivered to Buyer in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement will be true at the time of closing as though they were made 
at that time.

 2. Sale of Assets

                 Seller will sell, assign and transfer to Buyer good and 
marketable title to the Assets and Seller's interest in the warranties and 
service contracts, free of any claims, mortgages, liens, security interest 
or other encumbrances.

 3. Purchase Price


         The purchase price together with the consideration for the
      covenant not to compete


referred to in Section 10 below, will be $10,000.00  (the Purchase Price) 
and will be paid in


the following manner:

       (a) cash at closing.
4. Assumption of Obligations and Agreements


   Buyer will not assume, be responsible for or agree to pay when due any 
liability of Seller including any liabilities under any Obligations and 
Agreements that are not listed on attached Schedule D.


4
------------------------------------------------------------------------


5. Inventory and Supplies


    On the day of closing, Seller and Buyer will together take a physical 
inventory of the Seller's inventory and price each item at Seller's cost 
based upon the actual invoice for each

item.

6. Sales Tax -Bulk Sale


    Pursuant to Section 1141(c) of the New York Tax Law, Seller will notify 
the proper taxing authorities of the bulk sale contemplated under the terms 
of this Agreement.


 7. Sales Tax -Transfer of Assets


    Seller will pay directly to the New York State Department of Taxation 
and Finance all sales tax due upon the transfer of the Assets.


 8. Access to Premises and Records

    Prior to the time of closing, Buyer and/or its authorized 
representative will have full
access to and the right to inspect, during normal business hours, the 
premises at which the

Business is being operated, the Assets, and the books, contracts, 
commitments, records and such  


other information concerning the Business which may be reasonably 
requested. All such
information disclosed to Buyer will be regarded as confidential and will 
not be reproduced


without Seller's prior consent.


      9. Deliveries


     Seller shall, unless otherwise provided herein, deliver the following 
to Buyer prior to, or at closing:


      (a)  true copies of all warranties and service contracts, all
      Licenses, and all Obligations and Agreements described respectively
      on Schedules B and C.


5
------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (b)  copies of all resolutions and other authorizations which
      evidence that the execution of this Agreement and performance of its
      terms by Seller have been properly authorized and approved;


10.   Contingencies


        Performance by Buyer under the terms of this Agreement is 
contingent upon the following:


            (a)  the warranties and representations contained in this
            Agreement and in any certificates, exhibits, schedules,
            instruments or documents delivered in accordance with the terms
            of this Agreement will be true at the time of closing as though
            such representation were made at that time and the parties will
            deliver to each other a certificate so stating;


            (b)  Buyer initialing all schedules attached hereto after
            completion by the Seller;

            (c)  that Seller shall have performed and/or complied with all
            of the terms and

      conditions of this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it
      prior to or at
                        the time of closing.


11. Risk of Loss

      Seller assumes all risk of loss or damage to the Assets prior to the 
time of closing.  In the event of fire or other casualty causing 
destruction to the Assets or resulting in a diminution in value in an 
amount greater than $5,000.00, Buyer will have the right to terminate this

Agreement, without further liability, by giving written notice to the 
Seller.  In the event of such loss or damage, Buyer shall, at its option, 
either:

            (a)  within ten (10) days from receipt of notice of such loss,
            cancel this Agreement, obtain the return of any down payment,
            and thereafter neither party shall be obligated to the other;
            or

            (b) have paid to Buyer all insurance proceeds payable to Seller
            by reason of such loss (whether by assignment or otherwise),
            close the transactions contemplated under the terms of this
            Agreement, and deduct from the purchase price any amount of
            deductible contained in such policy of insurance covering such
            loss and applicable thereto.

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

12. Execution of Documents

Seller and Buyer will execute those documents necessary to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and do those acts necessary to 
obtain all approvals and licenses.

13. Indemnification

      Seller will indemnify and hold Buyer harmless, at all times from and 
after the date of this Agreement, including subsequent to time of closing, 
from all claims, damages, liability and expense, including reasonable legal 
fees, arising from or in any way connected with any liabilities or Actions 
of any nature arising in connection with the operation by Seller of the 
Business prior to the time of closing.

14. Closing


The closing will occur within a reasonable time period after all 
contingencies set forth herein have been met.

15. Termination

      Buyer may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to closing, and 
neither party shall be further obligated the one to the other in the event 
of any of the following:

          
       (a) any warranty or representation made by Seller under the terms of
      this Agreement or in any certificates, exhibits, schedules,
      instruments or documents incidental thereto is materially incorrect
      in any respect, whether resulting from misrepresentation or omission
      of fact; or

      (b) that any of the contingencies set forth in Section 10 above have
      not been

fulfilled or complied with prior to the time of closing or prior to the 
time specified therein.

16.  Brokerage Agreement

            If any broker has participated in this sale, Seller shall be
      responsible for payment of

any broker's or finder's fee or commission in connection with the sale of 
the Assets.

17.  Nature and Survival of Representations

      All warranties and representations made by Seller in this Agreement, 
or pursuant hereto, will survive the execution hereof and the closing.

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

18. Construction

      All understandings and agreements previously made by and between the 
parties are merged in this Agreement, which alone fully and completely 
expresses their agreement. This Agreement may not be changed, terminated, 
nor any of its provisions modified or waived, except in writing signed by 
all of the parties to this Agreement.

19. Applicable Law

     This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of the State of New York without regard to its principles of 
conflicts of law. Both parties hereby expressly waive their right to a 
trial by jury.

20. Miscellaneous

                 This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument, and shall 
become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of 
the parties.


21. Notices


     Any notice, request, demand, consent or other communication which may 
be given or which is required to be given under the terms of this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered 
mail or certified mail, return receipt requested
as follows:



      (a) To Buyer:
      Onyx Service & Solutions, Inc.



                              7337 Oswego Rd.

      Liverpool, NY 13090

       
      (c) To Seller:
      Fresca Worldwide Trading Corporation
      806 S. First St.
      Fulton, NY 13069


8
------------------------------------------------------------------------


22. Binding Effect


This Agreement and the transactions and other instruments provided for 
herein will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their 
heirs, distributees, legal representatives, transferees, successors and 
assigns.




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have signed this Asset Purchase Agreement.



The Seller:
 Fresca Worldwide Trading Corp.



By: /s/ Margaret A. Burton
                              Margaret A. Burton, President




The Buyer:
Onyx Service & Solutions, Inc.



By: /s/ Mary Passalaqua
                              Mary Passalaqua, President

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

