 EX-10.1 2 a10-17611_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE
 
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE dated as of this 23rd day of July, 2010 by 
and between BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a Delaware limited 
partnership (Landlord) and A123 SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation 
(Tenant).
 
RECITALS
 
By Lease dated May 19, 2010 (the Lease), Landlord did lease to Tenant and 
Tenant did hire and lease from Landlord certain premises containing 87,924 
square feet of rentable floor area (the Rentable Floor Area of the Initial 
Premises) on the first (1st), second (2nd) and third (3rd) floors of the 
building (the Building) known as and numbered 200 West Street, Waltham, 
Massachusetts (referred to in the Lease as the Premises and hereinafter 
sometimes referred to as the Initial Premises).
 
Section 17.2 of the Lease contemplates that Landlord and Tenant execute an 
amendment to the Lease in order to document the inclusion of the Third 
Floor Expansion Premises, comprised of additional 9,318 square feet of 
rentable floor area (the Rentable Floor Area of the Third Floor Expansion 
Premises) located on the third (3rd) floor of the Building, into the 
Premises (which Third Floor Expansion Premises is shown on Exhibit F 
attached to the Lease).
 
Landlord and Tenant are entering into this instrument to set forth said 
leasing of the Third Floor Expansion Premises, to integrate the Third Floor 
Expansion Premises into the Lease and to amend the Lease.
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of One Dollar ($1.00) and other good and 
valuable consideration in hand this date paid by each of the parties to the 
other, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby severally 
acknowledged, and in further consideration of the mutual promises herein 
contained, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to and with each other as 
follows:
 
    1.                                       Effective as of the Third
    Floor Expansion Premises Commencement Date (as defined in Section 5
    below), the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall constitute a part of
    the Premises demised to Tenant under the Lease, so that the Premises
    (as defined in Section 1.2 of the Lease) shall include both the Initial
    Premises and the Third Floor Expansion Premises and shall contain a
    total of 97,242 square feet of rentable floor area.  By way of example
    the option to extend the Term of the Lease provided in Section 3.2 of
    the Lease shall apply to both the Initial Premises and the Third Floor
    Expansion Premises collectively but not to either space independently.
     
    2.                                       The Term of the Lease for both
    the Initial Premises and the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall be
    coterminous.  Accordingly, the definition of the Lease Term as set
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    forth in Section 1.2 of the Lease is hereby amended by deleting the
    definition therein set forth and substituting therefor the following:
     
                Lease Term:                                (i)           
                As to the Initial Premises, the period beginning on the
                Commencement Date and ending on the last day of the one
                hundred twentieth (120th) full calendar month immediately
                following the Commencement Date, unless extended or sooner
                terminated as hereinafter provided.
                 
                (ii)           As to the Third Floor Expansion Premises, a
                period beginning on the Third Floor Expansion Premises
                Commencement Date and ending on the last day of the one
                hundred twentieth (120th) full calendar month immediately
                following the Commencement Date, unless extended or sooner
                terminated as hereinafter provided.
                 
    3.                                       (A)          Annual Fixed Rent
    for the Initial Premises shall continue to be payable as set forth in
    the Lease.
     
    (B)           During the period commencing on the Third Floor Expansion
    Premises Commencement Date and ending on the last day of the sixtieth
    (60th) full calendar month immediately following the Commencement Date,
    Annual Fixed Rent for the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall be
    payable at the annual rate of $232,950.00 (being the product of (i)
    $25.00 and (ii) the Rentable Floor Area of the Third Floor Expansion
    Premises (being 9,318 square feet)).
     
    (C)           During the period commencing on the first day of the
    sixty-first (61st) full calendar month immediately following the
    Commencement Date and ending on the last day of the Original Lease
    Term, Annual Fixed Rent for the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall be
    payable at the annual rate of $251,586.00 (being the product of (i)
    $27.00 and (ii) the Rentable Floor Area of the Third Floor Expansion
    Premises).
     
    (D)          Annual Fixed Rent for the Premises during any extension
    option period (if exercised) shall be payable as set forth in Section
    3.2 of the Lease.
     
    4.                                       For the purposes of computing
    Tenants payments for electricity (as determined pursuant to Section
    5.2 of the Lease), Landlords Tax Expenses Allocable to the Premises
    (as determined pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Lease) and Operating
    Expenses Allocable to the Premises (as determined pursuant to Section
    7.4 of the Lease), for the portion of the Term on and after the Third
    Floor Expansion Premises Commencement Date, the Rentable Floor Area of
    the Premises shall comprise a total of 97,242 square feet including
    both the Rentable Floor Area of the Initial Premises (being 87,924
    square feet) and the Rentable Floor Area of the Third Floor Expansion
    Premises (being 9,318 square feet).  For the portion of the Lease Term
    prior to the Third Floor Expansion Premises
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Commencement Date, the Rentable Floor Area of the Premises shall
    continue to be the Rentable Floor Area of the Initial Premises for such
    purposes.
 
    5.                                       (A)          It is understood
    and agreed that, except as may otherwise be expressly provided in this
    Section 5, the terms and provisions of Exhibits B-1, B-2, B-3, B-4, B-5
    and B-6 of the Lease shall apply to the design and construction of the
    Tenant Improvement Work in the Third Floor Expansion Premises.
     
    (B)           Assuming that the Tenant Improvement Work to be performed
    by Landlord in the Third Floor Expansion Premises is shown on the
    Interim Plans and the Tenant Plans to be delivered by Tenant to
    Landlord in accordance with Section 1.1 of Exhibit B-1 to the Lease,
    the Tenant Improvement Work in the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall
    be deemed to be a part of the Landlords Work, as if the Third Floor
    Expansion Premises were part of the Initial Premises. Accordingly, the
    Third Floor Expansion Premises Commencement Date shall be the
    Commencement Date, as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 of
    Exhibit B-1 to the Lease, subject, however, to the provisions of
    Section 17.2(D) of the Lease and to the provisions of the immediately
    following paragraph.
     
    Notwithstanding anything contained in the Lease or herein to the
    contrary, in the event that any holding over by the then-current
    occupant of the Third Floor Expansion Premises causes a delay in
    Landlords ability to perform the Tenant Improvement Work in the Third
    Floor Expansion Premises (Landlord hereby representing that it
    delivered a termination notice under the ClickSquared Lease on May 19,
    2010), the Commencement Date for the Initial Premises shall continue to
    be as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 of Exhibit B-1 to the
    Lease notwithstanding the fact that the Tenant Improvement Work in the
    Third Floor Expansion Premises has not been Substantially Completed
    (and the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall be as determined pursuant
    to Section 17.2(D) of the Lease).
     
    (C)           Notwithstanding anything contained in the Lease or herein
    to the contrary, in the event that the Tenant Improvement Work in the
    Third Floor Expansion Premises has not been Substantially Completed on
    or before the Estimated Commencement Date as the result of any (i)
    Tenant Delay, (ii) Landlords Force Majeure or (iii) holding over by
    the then-current occupant of the Third Floor Expansion Premises (any of
    the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being a Permitted Delay), but
    Landlord would otherwise be entitled to the four percent (4%)
    Construction Management Fee under Section 1.1(C) of Exhibit B-1 to the
    Lease with respect to the remainder of the Landlords Work, then
    Landlord shall nonetheless be entitled to such four percent (4%)
    Construction Management Fee and the costs of the Tenant Improvement
    Work in the Third Floor Expansion Premises shall be included within the
    hard construction costs on which the Construction Management Fee is
    based; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt Landlord
    acknowledges and agrees that in the event that the Tenant Improvement
    Work in the Third Floor Expansion Premises has not been Substantially
    Completed on or before the Estimated Commencement Date as the result of
    any reason other than a
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Permitted Delay, then Landlord shall not be entitled to the four (4%)
    Construction Management Fee under Section 1.1(C) of Exhibit B-1 to the
    Lease with respect to all or any portion of the Landlords Work.
 
    6.                                       Tenant and Landlord warrant
    and represent that neither party has dealt with any broker in
    connection with the consummation of this Lease other than the broker,
    person or firm designated in Section 1.2 of the Lease; and in the event
    any claim is made against either party relative to dealings with
    brokers other than the broker designated in said Section 1.2, the other
    party shall defend the claim against such party with counsel of the
    other partys selection and save harmless and indemnify such party on
    account of loss, cost or damage which may arise by reason of such
    claim. Landlord agrees that it shall be solely responsible for the
    payment of brokerage commissions to the broker, person or firm
    designated in Section 1.2 of the Lease in connection with the Original
    Lease Term.
     
    7.                                       Except as otherwise expressly
    provided herein, all capitalized terms used herein without definition
    shall have the same meanings as are set forth in the Lease.
     
    8.                                       Except as herein amended the
    Lease shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.  All
    references to the Lease shall be deemed to be references to the Lease
    as herein amended.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXECUTED as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above 
written.
 
 
  
LANDLORD:
  
 
  
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
  
 
  
By:
Boston Properties, Inc., its general partner
  
 
 
 
  
 
By:
/s/ David C. Provost
  
 
Name:
David C. Provost
  
 
Title:
Senior Vice President Boston Properties
 
 
  
TENANT:
  
 
 ATTEST:
A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
  
 
 
By:
/s/ Eric Pyenson
 
By:
/s/ Michael Rubino
Name:
Eric Pyenson
 
Name:
Michael Rubino
Title:
Secretary or Assistant Secretary
 
Title:
President or Vice President, CFO
 
 
 
 
Hereunto duly authorized
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Granara
 
 
 
Name:
John Granara
 
 
 
Title:
Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Hereunto duly authorized
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------