 EX-10.27 34 dex1027.htm CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE


 
Exhibit 10.27


NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE 
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT 
BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED WITHOUT COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH REQUIREMENTS OR A 
WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE OBLIGOR THAT SUCH TRANSFER 
WILL NOT RESULT IN ANY VIOLATION OF SUCH LAWS OR AFFECT THE LEGALITY OF 
THEIR ISSUANCE.



CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 
US$632,035 	  	June 28, 2010


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Single Touch Interactive, Inc., a 
Nevada corporation (the Obligor), hereby promises to pay to the order of 
Activate, Inc., 2235 Carson St., Suite 2202, Carson City, NV 89706 (the 
Holder), the principal sum of Six Hundred Thirty Two Thousand Thirty Five 
Dollars ($632,035) payable as set forth below. The Obligor also promises to 
pay to the order of the Holder interest on the principal amount hereof at a 
rate of 1% per annum, which interest shall be payable monthly. Interest 
shall be calculated on the basis of the year of 365 days and for the number 
of days actually elapsed. The payments of principal and interest hereunder 
shall be made in coin or currency of the United States of America which at 
the time of payment shall be legal tender therein for the payment of public 
and private debts.


This Note shall be subject to the following additional terms and 
conditions:


1. Payments. Subject to Section 2 hereof, all principal shall be due on 
demand of the Holder or hereunder in one (1) installment on July 27, 2011 
(the Maturity Date). In the event that any payment to be made hereunder 
shall be or become due on Saturday, Sunday or any other day which is a 
legal bank holiday under the laws of the Unites States, such payment shall 
be or become due on the next succeeding business day.


2. Prepayment. The Obligor and the Holder understand and agree that the 
principal amount of this Note may not be prepaid by the Obligor prior to 
the maturity date without the express written consent of the Holder. Such 
consent shall be at the sole discretion of the holder.
 
  	3. 	Conversion.

(a) This Note, excluding accrued interest, shall be convertible into shares 
of the Obligors common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), 
at a conversion price of Thirty Seven Cents ($0.37) per share (the 
Conversion Price) at the option of the Holder in whole or in part at any 
time. The Holder shall effect conversions by surrendering to the Company 
the Note and by delivering to the Company a conversion notice in the form

------------------------------------------------------------------------
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Holder Conversion Notice). Each Holder 
Conversion Notice shall specify the amount of principal and interest to be 
converted and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which 
date may not be prior to the date the Holder delivers such Holder 
Conversion Notice by facsimile (the Conversion Date). If the Holder is 
converting less than the entire principal and interest amount of this Note, 
then the Obligor shall deliver to the Holder a new Note for such principal 
and interest amount as has not been converted with two (2) business days of 
the Conversion Date. Each Holder Conversion Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable.


(b) Not later than five (5) business days after the Conversion Date, the 
Obligor will deliver, or will cause to be delivered, to the Holder a 
certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Common 
Stock being acquired upon the conversion of all or a portion of the 
principal amount of this Note, including certificates representing the 
number of shares of Common Stock as equals the accrued but unpaid interest 
thereon divided by the Conversion Price.


(c) Certificates representing shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon a 
conversion hereunder may bear restrictive legends and may be subject to 
trading restrictions on the stock transfer books of the Obligor. The 
Obligor shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares 
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note until the Note is 
delivered for conversion to the Company, or until the Holder notifies the 
Obligor that this Note has been lost, stolen or destroyed and provides a 
bond and other supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the 
Obligor (or other adequate security reasonably acceptable to the Obligor).


(d) The Obligor covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep 
available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, or its 
authorized and issued Common Stock held in its treasury, solely for the 
purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Note and payment of interest on 
this Note, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any 
other actual contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder, 
such number of shares of Common Stock as is equal to the number of shares 
of Common Stock as shall be issuable upon the conversion of the principal 
amount of this Note. The Obligor covenants that all shares of Common Stock 
that shall be so issuable shall, upon issuance thereof, be duly and validly 
authorized, issued and fully paid, and nonassessable.


(e) Upon a conversion hereunder the Obligor shall not be required to issue 
stock certificates representing fractions of shares of Common Stock, but 
may either make a cash payment in respect of any final fraction of a share 
based on the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share of Common 
Stock.


(f) The issuance of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon conversion 
of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder for any documentary 
stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or 
delivery of such certificate, provided that the Obligor shall not be 
required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer 
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon 
conversion in a name other than that of the original Holder.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(g) Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be 
provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any 
Conversion Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by 
facsimile, sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or 
sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the 
attention of the Chief Executive Officer of the Obligor at the facsimile 
telephone number or address of the principal place of business of the 
Obligor. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be 
provided by the Obligor hereunder shall be in writing and delivered 
personally, by facsimile, sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier 
service or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed 
to the Holder at the facsimile telephone number or address of the Holder 
appearing on the books of the Obligor, or if no such facsimile telephone 
number or address appears, at the principal place of business of the 
Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be 
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, 
if delivered via facsimile prior to 4:30 p.m. (Pacific Time) on a business 
day, (ii) the business day after the date of transmission, if delivered via 
facsimile later than 4:30 p.m. (Pacific Time) on any date and earlier than 
11:59 p.m. (Pacific Time) on such date, (iii) one (1) business day 
following the date of sending, if sent by nationally recognized overnight 
courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such 
notice is required to be given.


4. No Waiver. No failure or delay by the Holder in exercising any right, 
power or privilege under the Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor 
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. 
The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not 
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. No course of dealing 
between the Obligor and the Holder shall operate as a waiver of any rights 
by the Holder.


5. Waiver of Presentment and Notice of Dishonor. The Obligor and all 
endorsers, guarantors and other parties that may be liable under this Note 
hereby waive presentment, notice of dishonor, protest and all other demands 
and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance or 
enforcement of this Note.


6. Place of Payment. All payments of principal of this Note and the 
interest due hereon shall be made at such place as the Holder may from time 
to time designate in writing.


7. Events of Default. The entire unpaid principal amount of this Note and 
the interest due hereon shall, at the option of the Holder exercised by 
written notice to the Obligor forthwith become and be due and payable, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of 
which are hereby expressly waived, if any one or more of the following 
events (herein called Events of Default) shall have occurred (for any 
reason whatsoever and whether such happening shall be voluntary or 
involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to 
or in compliance with any judgement, decree or order of any court or any 
order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) and 
be continuing at the time of such notice:


(a) if default shall be made in the due and punctual payment of the 
principal of this Note and the interest due thereon when and as the same 
shall become due and payable, whether at maturity, or by acceleration or 
otherwise, and such default have continued for a period of five (5) days;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
  	(b) 	if the Obligor shall:
 
  	(i) 	admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they 
become due;
 
  	(ii) 	file a petition in bankruptcy or petition to take advantage of any 
insolvency act;
 
  	(iii) 	make assignment for the benefit of creditors;
 
  	(iv) 	consent to the appointment of a receiver of the whole or any 
substantial part of its property;
 
  	(v) 	on a petition in bankruptcy filed against it, be adjudicated a 
bankrupt;
 
  	(vi) 	file a petition or answer seeking reorganization or arrangement 
under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any other applicable law or statute of 
the United States of America or any State, district or territory thereof; 
or


(c) if the court of competent jurisdiction shall enter an order, judgment, 
or decree appointing, without the consent of the Obligor, a receiver of the 
whole or any substantial part of the Obligors property, and such other, 
judgment or decree shall not be vacated or set aside or stayed with ninety 
(90) days from the date of entry thereof;


(d) if, under the provisions of any other law for the relief or aid of 
debtors, any court or competent jurisdiction shall assume custody or 
control of the whole or any substantial part of Obligors property and such 
custody or control shall not be terminated or stayed within (90) days from 
the date of assumption of such custody or control; and


(e) if (i) the Company sells, licenses, or otherwise transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets or (ii) merges with or into another entity 
in a change of control transaction.


8. Remedies. In case any one or more of the Events of Default specified in 
Section 7 hereof shall have occurred and be continuing, the Holder may 
proceed to protect and enforce its rights whether by suit and/or equity 
and/or by action law, whether for the specific performance of any covenant 
or agreement contained in this Note or in aid of the exercise of any power 
granted in this Note, or the Holder may proceed to enforce the payment of 
all sums due upon the Note or enforce any other legal or equitable right of 
the Holder.


9. Registration Rights. Holder shall have no Registration Rights.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
10. Severability. In the event that one or more of the provisions of this 
Note shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect 
any other provision of this Note, but this Note shall be construed as if 
such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained 
herein.


11. Governing Law This Note and the right and obligations of the Obligor 
and the Holder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of California. Any action to enforce this Note shall be 
in the federal or state court sitting in San Diego County.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Single Touch Interactive, Inc. has signed this Note as 
of the 28th day of June 2010.


OBLIGOR:


Single Touch Interactive, Inc.
 
By: 	  	
/s/ Anthony Macaluso
  	 	  	Anthony Macaluso
  	 	  	President and Chief Executive Officer
  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	Larry Dunn
  	 	  	Director
 
5