 EX-10.21 2 dex1021.htm AGREEMENT DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 8, 2010


 
Exhibit 10.21


Star Gas Partners, L.P.
2187 Atlantic St.
Stamford, CT 06902


Entered into 11/8/10 Effective as of 6/1/10


Mr. Daniel P. Donovan


Dear Dan:


This letter confirms your continuing in the position of Chief Executive 
Officer of Star Gas Partners, L.P. and its subsidiaries (the 
Partnership), effective as of June 1, 2010. In addition, you will 
continue to serve as the President of the Partnership. We are pleased to 
offer you the following compensation package and other terms, the levels 
and conditions of which will be in effect for three years following the 
date of this letter, unless otherwise modified by agreement between you and 
the Partnership.

Base Salary: Your base annual salary commencing June 1, 2010 will be 
$405,000 per year. You will be paid $16,875 semi-monthly subject to 
withholding of all applicable taxes and benefit deductions.

Benefit Coverage: You will be eligible to participate in the Partnerships 
benefits plans in accordance with their terms and conditions.

Terms: It is understood that your employment is at will and that either 
party can terminate the relationship at any time. If the Partnership 
terminates your employment for reasons other than for cause, or you 
terminate your employment for good reason, you will be entitled to one 
years salary as severance. Such amount shall be paid to you in a lump sum 
within 30 days after the termination of your employment. In consideration 
of this offer you agree that while you are an employee of the Partnership 
and for twelve months thereafter, you will not compete with the Partnership 
nor become involved either as an employee, as a consultant or in any other 
capacity, in the sale of heating oil or propane on a retail basis. You 
agree that you will not reveal any confidential information concerning the 
Partnership and that you will not solicit nor seek to hire, employees of 
the Partnership during that time.


Please indicate your acceptance of this offer by signing and dating this 
letter below.


Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me.


Sincerely,
 
/s/ Paul Vermylen, Jr.
Paul Vermylen, Jr.
Chairman
 
Accepted:
/s/ Dan Donovan
Dan Donovan