 EX-10.83 6 ex10-83.htm EXHIBIT 10.83 SAAB 340B+ DELTA CONNECTION AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.83
 
 
CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.  THE SYMBOL “[***]” HAS BEEN INSERTED IN PLACE OF 
THE PORTIONS SO OMITTED.
 

 

EXECUTION COPY
 
SAAB 340B+
 
DELTA CONNECTION
 
AGREEMENT
 
This Saab 340B+ Delta Connection Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated and 
effective the 1st day of July, 2010 (the “Agreement Date”), is among Delta 
Air Lines, Inc., whose principal address is 1030 Delta Boulevard, Atlanta, 
Georgia 30320 (“Delta”), Pinnacle Airlines Corp., whose principal address 
is 1689 Nonconnah Boulevard, Suite 111, Memphis, Tennessee 38132 (“Parent
”) and Mesaba Aviation, Inc., whose principal address is 1000 Blue Gentian 
Road, Suite 200, Eagan, MN 55121  (“Operator” and together with Delta and 
Parent, each a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”).
 
WHEREAS, Delta operates the Delta Connection program; and
 
WHEREAS, Parent and Delta have entered into that certain Stock Purchase 
Agreement of even date herewith (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to 
which Delta will sell and transfer to Parent and Parent will purchase and 
acquire from Delta all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Mesaba 
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Parties are entering into this Agreement contemporaneously 
with the execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement and consummation 
of the transactions contemplated thereby
 
WHEREAS, the Parties are each willing to perform in the manner and upon the 
conditions and terms hereinafter set forth; and
 
WHEREAS, Delta desires Operator to operate certain aircraft as a Delta 
Connection carrier; and
 
WHEREAS, Operator desires for Delta to perform and provide various 
marketing, schedule and fare related, and other services for Operator in 
connection with the Delta Connection program; and
 
WHEREAS, Delta is willing to perform and provide various marketing, 
schedule and fare related, and other services for Operator in connection 
with the Delta Connection program; and
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement will enhance the ability of Operator and Delta to 
serve the public and the communities that they serve or may choose to 
serve; and
 
WHEREAS, Parent will cause Operator to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions of Article 27 below and the 
other terms and conditions hereof;
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
US 410080v.9
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
mutual undertakings set forth herein and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, Delta and Parent (on behalf of itself and Operator), 
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE 1
 
FARES AND RULES PUBLICATION
 
 A. Delta Connection Program and Appointment of Delta as Agent.  Operator
 hereby appoints Delta as its agent to publish its fares, schedules and
 related information under Delta’s two letter flight designator code in
 city pairs specified by Delta on the thirty-two (32) Saab 340B+ aircraft
 set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (the “Aircraft”), and Delta hereby
 accepts such appointment.  Delta hereby grants Operator the authority to
 operate as a Delta Connection carrier, and Operator hereby accepts such
 grant, to conduct air transportation operating the Aircraft utilizing
 certain services together with certain trademarks and service marks owned
 by Delta or which Delta has the right to use, all as provided herein.
 
 B. Sublease of Aircraft.  As of the Agreement Date, Delta and Operator
 have entered into subleases (or leases) with respect to the Aircraft
 (each, as amended from time to time, an “Aircraft Sublease”).
 
 C. Aircraft Removal.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement,
 Operator will withdraw each Aircraft from the scope of this Agreement on 
 the termination date as set forth next to such Aircraft’s tail number in
 Exhibit A-1 (the “Retirement Date”)  On such Retirement Date, such
 Aircraft shall be returned to Delta in accordance with the applicable
 Aircraft Sublease.
 
 D. Early Aircraft Removal Right.  Notwithstanding the Retirement Dates set
 forth on Exhibit A-1, Delta, at its option to be exercised at any time or
 from time to time, may withdraw any Aircraft from this Agreement prior to
 the Retirement Date for such Aircraft (the “Early Removal Right”);
 provided that Delta shall provide Operator at least ninety (90) days
 advanced notice in writing of such withdrawal.  Delta’s notice shall
 designate an effective date for such withdrawal the (“Removal Date”).  On
 such Removal Date, the Aircraft Sublease relating to such Aircraft shall
 be terminated and such Aircraft shall be returned to Delta or delivered to
 its designee.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall more than
 three (3) Aircraft be removed from the terms of this Agreement in a single
 calendar month, including those Aircraft removed pursuant to Article 1(C)
 and this Article 1(D).
 
 E. Fares, Rules and Seat Inventory.  Delta, in its sole discretion, shall
 establish and publish all fares and related tariff rules for all seats,
 cargo and freight on the Aircraft, including fares and rules for local
 traffic in the city pairs served by such Aircraft.  In addition, Delta
 will control all seat inventory and revenue management (including
 non-revenue passenger) decisions for the Aircraft.
 

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 F. Schedules Publication.  Delta, in its sole discretion, shall establish
 and publish all schedules for the Aircraft, including city-pairs served,
 frequencies, and timing of scheduled departures, subject to the reasonable
 operating constraints of Operator, taking into consideration the Aircraft
 type, maintenance requirements, crew scheduling and training requirements,
 aircraft rotation requirements, applicable route, and slot or other
 regulatory restrictions.  So that the information can be properly
 disseminated to Operator for pilot and flight attendant staffing, and
 related operational requirements, Delta will, from time to time, notify
 Operator of the preliminary schedule times, frequencies and related
 information for the Aircraft no later than seventy-five (75) days prior to
 the first day of the month in which such schedule commences.  Operator
 shall provide to Delta the proposed block times for the Aircraft, Aircraft
 performance analysis on operational items such as passenger and baggage
 limitations (together with relevant assumptions) and airfield
 appropriateness applicable to airports specified in Delta’s request for
 each of the city pair proposed by Delta no later than fourteen (14) days
 of Operator’s receipt of the preliminary schedule times provided by Delta.
  Notwithstanding the above, upon written notice to Operator, Delta may
 assume responsibility for establishing the Aircraft block times. 
 Regardless of whether Delta or Operator establishes the Aircraft block
 times, such block times shall be based on a block time reliability rate of
 between *** and *** or the block time reliability rate used for scheduling
 Delta mainline service, whichever is greater.  No later than forty (40)
 days prior to the commencement of such schedule, Delta will notify
 Operator of the final schedule times, frequencies and related information
 for the Aircraft.  Where practical, Delta will collaborate with Operator
 to determine mutually optimal schedules.  Delta and Operator shall meet by
 October 1st of each year to discuss an annual operating plan for the
 succeeding year with respect to the Aircraft, including Delta’s forecasted
 level of operations, block hours and cycles and the utilization of the
 Aircraft, and any other matters as Delta and Operator shall determine. 
 Operator shall operate the Aircraft in the city pairs designated by Delta,
 subject to the frequency and other scheduling requirements established by
 Delta from time to time.  In addition, it is agreed and understood that
 Delta may utilize and schedule any of the Aircraft to perform various
 charter operations on behalf of Delta as can be reasonably accommodated by
 Operator, including without limitation after taking into consideration
 Operator’s maintenance requirements for the Aircraft.
 
 G. Spare Aircraft.  Notwithstanding anything in this Article 1 or
 elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, spare aircraft shall be
 allocated in each city that has in excess of twenty (20) scheduled Delta
 Connection Flight departures, but only so long as the Aircraft are
 scheduled to operate Delta Connection Flights in such locations,
 respectively.  Such spare aircraft will not be scheduled for Delta
 Connection Flights but may be used by Operator to replace another Aircraft
 in the operation of a Delta Connection Flight that otherwise would be
 cancelled and/or used to meet applicable maintenance requirements.
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE 2
 
LIMITATION OF USE
 
 A. Operator agrees that, except as otherwise directed or approved in
 writing by Delta, in Delta’s sole discretion, (1) the Aircraft may be used
 only to provide the air services contemplated by this Agreement (including
 charter flights pursuant to Section 1F hereof, the “Delta Connection
 Flights”), (2) the Delta Connection Flights shall only be operated under
 Delta’s “DL” flight designator code except as otherwise directed by Delta,
 and (3) the Aircraft may not be used by Operator for any other purpose
 including, without limitation, flying for any other airline, providing
 charter services other than pursuant to Section 1F hereof, or on
 Operator’s own behalf.
 
 B. Without the prior written consent of Delta, neither Operator, nor any
 affiliate of Operator, shall use outside the scope of this Agreement any
 of the services, facilities or equipment provided, or caused to be
 provided, by Delta, or an affiliate of Delta, to Operator in connection
 with the Aircraft or the Delta Connection Flights.  With respect to any
 ancillary facilities or equipment obtained by Operator pursuant to the
 terms hereof specifically for use by Operator in connection with providing
 the services contemplated by this Agreement, or otherwise provided by
 Delta to Operator for such use, such use for the benefit of Delta shall
 have priority over any other use contemplated by Operator.  With respect
 to facilities, equipment owned, leased or otherwise used by Operator,
 Delta shall have the right to designate on a reasonable basis and from
 time to time, in which case Operator shall use reasonable commercial
 efforts to use such property to carry out Operator’s obligations under
 this Agreement, provided that Operator shall have no obligation to use
 such designated property if such use would increase Operator’s costs of
 providing such service to Delta or otherwise adversely affect Operator’s
 performance hereunder.  Nothing herein shall obligate Parent or Operator
 to use any ground service equipment, aircraft or aircraft engines
 hereunder that are used primarily for the benefit of other operations of
 Parent or Operator.
 
ARTICLE 3
 
COMPENSATION
 
 A. Base Compensation.  Commencing after the operation of the initial Delta
 Connection Flight, except as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, in
 exchange for the flying and operation of the Aircraft pursuant to the
 terms and conditions of this Agreement, Delta shall pay Operator the “Base
 Rate Costs” and the “Pass Through Costs” (each as such term is defined
 below, and collectively, the “Direct Costs”) and the “Reimbursable Costs”
 (as such term is defined below), in each case, as relates to the operation
 of the Delta Connection Flights and as determined in accordance with this
 Agreement.  It is understood that Direct Costs and other Reimbursable
 Costs shall be based on market based, direct operating costs and generally
 accepted accounting principles, consistently applied (“GAAP”), and
 specifically exclude any pre-paid expenses except as expressly provided
 herein.  Any Delta Connection Flight operated with no revenue passengers
 and not completed within two (2) hours of its scheduled arrival time shall
 be deemed not completed for purposes of determining Operator’s eligibility
 to any
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

  “Monthly Incentive Compensation” (as defined below), unless operated at
 the direction of Delta.  In addition, if Delta requests operator to cancel
 one or more Delta Connection Flights (a “Delta Directed Cancellation”),
 then, each such Delta Directed Cancellation, together with station
 over-flys due to no passenger load (i.e Cancellation Codes 19G, 19H and
 19K), shall be excluded from the calculation of Operator’s completion rate
 for purposes of determining Operator’s eligibility to any “Monthly
 Incentive Compensation.”  If Delta requests Operator to cancel one or more
 Delta Connection Flights, Operator shall comply with any such request
 within the time period reasonably requested by Delta.  In the event
 Operator does not cancel any such Delta Connection Flights (each, an “
 Operator Non-Cancelled Flight”), then each such Operator Non-Cancelled
 Flight, for purposes of this Agreement, shall not be regarded as a
 completed flight, nor included as a Delta Directed Cancellation, and Delta
 shall not be obligated to pay Operator any Base Compensation, incentive
 compensation, or any other reimbursements in connection with such Operator
 Non-Cancelled Flights.  For any Delta Directed Cancellation, unless such
 cancellation becomes an Operator Non-Cancelled Flight, Operator shall be
 compensated for its Direct Costs incurred in connection with such Delta
 Directed Cancellation, other than maintenance-related costs set forth on 
 Exhibit B, for which Operator shall receive no compensation.
 
(1) The “Base Rate Costs” shall include certain direct operating costs 
recorded in accordance with GAAP incurred by Operator in its operation of 
the Delta Connection Flights.  The Base Rate Costs are set forth on 
Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated herein; and shall be adjusted as 
provided in Section 3.B.  The Base Rate Costs shall be paid on a unit basis 
as set forth on Exhibit B.
 
(2) The “Pass Through Costs” shall include the following variable costs 
incurred by Operator in connection with its operation of the Delta 
Connection Flights for which Delta shall bear the risk of price and volume 
fluctuations, provided that such costs shall be reconciled on a monthly 
basis to reflect the actual costs incurred by Operator:
 
    (a) Landing Fees (but not if paid directly by Delta);
 
    (b) Hull Insurance;
 
    (c) Passenger Liability Insurance;
 
    (d) War Risk Insurance;
 
    (e) Fuel Expense – Operator’s actual fuel and into-plane expenses, plus
    associated taxes (excluding any fuel purchases made, or caused to be
    made, by Delta for the benefit of Operator);
 
    (f) Glycol and de-icing services (but not if provided by Delta or an
    affiliate or designee of Delta);
 
    (g) Catering Costs (but not if provided by Delta or an affiliate or
    designee of Delta);
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    (h) Security (but not if provided by Delta or an affiliate or designee
    of Delta);
 
    (i) Property Taxes;
 
    (j) All costs to change the Delta Connection livery of any Aircraft
    pursuant to any request by Delta;
 
    (k) All heavy maintenance expense relating to (1) engine maintenance
    under that certain GE Engine Maintenance Agreement dated as of October
    1, 1997; (2)avionics maintenance under that certain Rockwell Collins
    Dispatch Plus Product Service Agreement dated November 1, 2003; (3)
    propeller maintenance under that certain Agreement with Smith Aerospace
    LLC d/b/a/ Dowty Propellers-Americas relating to the repair and
    overhaul of propellers and propeller associated components dated as of
    January 1, 2007   and (4) landing gear overhaul under that certain
    Aircraft Landing Gear Maintenance Agreement dated as of May 1, 2007;
 
    (l) From the Agreement Date through December 31, 2010, material
    expenses incurred in connection with heavy airframe checks performed
    in-house by Operator;
 
    (m) Ground Handling Services (but not if provided free of charge to
    Operator by Delta or an affiliate or designee of Delta);
 
    (n) Terminal Facility Rent and Use Charges – Operator’s actual
    applicable terminal facility rent and use charges (including common
    use, ramp rent and jet bridge expenses), including without limitation
    facilities maintenance and operation expenses, but excluding any such
    rent and use charges if premises are provided by Delta or any affiliate
    or designee of Delta;
 
    (o) The Rent, as defined in the Aircraft Sublease, due pursuant to the
    Aircraft Subleases between Delta and Operator for the Aircraft (the “
    Aircraft Sublease Expense”); and
 
    (p) Any Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”), Department of
    Transportation (“DOT”) or any other governmental authority fines
    administered or levied against Operator due to an action or omission
    principally caused by Delta or an affiliate of Delta.
 
    (q) All costs associated with meeting the Aircraft return conditions as
    set forth in the Aircraft Subleases, but only if Operator is directed
    by Delta to meet such return conditions upon the termination or
    expiration of any such Aircraft Leases.
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
With respect to heavy airframe maintenance, the parties shall each use 
commercially reasonable efforts to mutually agree on the treatment of heavy 
airframe maintenance expenses relating to the Aircraft as a Direct Cost 
hereunder after December 31, 2010.  If the parties are unable to mutually 
agree on such treatment by December 31, 2010, then, until the parties reach 
agreement on such treatment, expenses incurred by Operator after December 
31, 2010 with respect to heavy airframe maintenance labor and materials 
(“Heavy Air Frame Maintenance Expense”) shall be treated as a Pass Through 
Cost hereunder, subject to the following conditions:
 
       (i)           Pinnacle shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
       to minimize such Heavy Air Frame Maintenance Expenses; and
 
       (ii)           To the extent that the labor performing such heavy
       air frame maintenance is also performing other services, then the
       Heavy Air Frame Maintenance Expense shall properly account for the
       allocation of such labor resources.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Pass Through Costs shall not include any 
late payment charges, penalties and/or fees which Operator incurs in 
connection with the payment of the expenses listed above.  Estimates of 
certain of the initial Pass Through Costs are set forth on Exhibit B.  Any 
costs or expense not included either as a Pass Through Cost, Reimbursable 
Cost, Non-Reimbursable Cost or Delta Cost shall be deemed a Base Rate Cost.
 
 B. Adjustment to Base Rate Costs.  The Base Rate Costs set forth in 
 Exhibit B hereto shall remain in effect through December 31, 2010, and
 shall be adjusted effective each January 1 thereafter, beginning on
 January 1, 2011 ***
 
 C.  Reserved.
 
     D.          Non-Reimbursable Costs.  The parties hereby acknowledge
     and agree that Operator shall be solely responsible and Delta shall
     not be responsible, nor reimburse Operator, for any and all FAA, DOT
     or any other government or regulatory agency fines administered or
     levied against Operator due to any action or omission not principally
     caused by Delta or an affiliate of Delta.
 
     E.          Delta Costs.  The parties acknowledge and agree that the
     following costs related to Operator’s services hereunder shall be paid
     directly by Delta and shall not be included in the Base Compensation
     or any incentive compensation calculation or payment:
 
(1) Travel agency commissions, if any;
 
(2) Credit card fees;
 
(3) Reservations handling charges;
 
(4) Booking fees;
 

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
(5) Frequent flyer charges;
 
(6) Denied boarding costs;
 
(7) Advertising;
 
(8) Glycol and de-icing services (if provided by Delta or an affiliate or 
designee of Delta);
 
(9) Terminal Facility Rent and use charges, including without limitation 
facilities maintenance and operations costs (if premises are provided by 
Delta or an affiliate or designee of Delta);
 
(10) Fuel and fuel management expenses (if provided or cause to be provided 
by Delta or an affiliate or designee of Delta);
 
(11) The cost of any “Support Services” (as defined in Article 8 herein) 
and any ticketing services, if provided, or cause to be provided, by Delta 
or an affiliate or designee of Delta;
 
(12) Passenger amenities costs and other interrupted trip expenses, 
including without limitation denied boarding compensation, food and lodging 
expenses and other transportation costs incurred by Operator; and
 
(13) Landing fees (if paid directly by Delta).
 
           F.           Monthly Incentive Compensation or Penalties. 1.  In 
addition to the Base Compensation, Operator shall have the opportunity to 
earn additional compensation (the “Monthly Incentive Compensation”) based 
upon its actual performance in the Monthly Performance Categories.  Based 
on Operator’s performance with the performance criterion, then Delta shall 
pay Operator, or Operator shall pay Delta, the applicable incentive or 
penalty amounts, respectively, as set forth below.  All incentives (or 
penalties) are monthly and stated in dollars per Aircraft.  In the case of 
Aircraft additions or removals within a monthly period, such incentive and 
penalty amounts will be prorated.  Any monthly incentive (or penalty) 
amount shall be added to (or deducted from) the monthly settlement payment. 
 The applicable performance levels and corresponding incentives and 
penalties are as follows:
 

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    (i)           Completion Factor (calculated in accordance with Section
    3.A.of the Agreement):
 
  	
Penalty
Neutral
Incentive
 Performance Level
***
*** or greater, but less than or equal to ***
***
 Penalty/Incentive per Aircraft
 
***
***
 
***
 
    (ii)           On-Time Arrival within 14 Minutes (all-In A14):
 
  	
Penalty
Neutral
Incentive
 Performance Level
***
*** or greater, but less than or equal to ***
***
 Penalty/Incentive per Aircraft
 
***
***
 
***

 
2.  Reconciliation of Performance Standards.  Following each month, (i) 
Operator shall prepare a reconciliation of its actual performance to the 
targeted performance with respect to the completion factor and on-time 
arrival factor with respect to the Delta Connection Flights scheduled to be 
operated during such month and (ii) Delta shall prepare a reconciliation of 
Operator’s actual performance to targeted performance with respect to the 
ISM Score results of the Delta Connection Flights operated during such 
month. Such reconciliations will be completed and delivered to the other 
Party within twenty (20) days after the end of each month.  Delta and 
Operator will have the right to audit the reconciliations prepared by the 
other and shall report any discrepancies to the other.  Any discrepancy not 
reported in writing within sixty (60) days of the end of any month shall be 
deemed waived.
 
           G.           Cost Reductions.  At all times during the Term, 
Operator shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to reduce its Direct 
Costs in the following cost categories (the “Reducible Costs”):
 

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    1.  Base Rate Costs:
 
(i)  
Line maintenance; and

(ii)  
Flight Operations and In Flight.

 
    2.  Pass Through Costs:
 
       (i)           Liability insurance;
 
       (ii)           Hull insurance;
 
       (iii)           War risk insurance
 
       (iv)           Fuel (burn rate reductions); and
 
       (v)           All heavy maintenance expense relating to engine
       maintenance, avionics maintenance and landing gear overhaul.
 
Delta maintains the right to develop cost savings initiatives which will 
enable Operator to reduce the costs reimbursable by Delta hereunder (each, 
a “Cost Savings Initiative”).  Provided any such Cost Savings Initiative 
does not materially interfere with or adversely affect other contractual or 
legal obligations of Parent or Operator in existence at such time or 
materially interfere with the Operator’s operational or maintenance 
standards or performance requirements, each as necessary to perform the 
services contemplated by this Agreement, Operator shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to implement all such Cost Savings 
Initiatives identified by either Operator or Delta.
 
In addition, Delta may assist Operator in obtaining goods and services in 
connection with operating the Aircraft and/or the Delta Connection Flights 
in a more economical manner, including, without limitation, via bulk 
purchasing and inventory management systems and processes (each, a “Delta 
Sourcing Initiative”).  If Delta initiates or identifies any such Delta 
Sourcing Initiative, Operator is obligated to use its reasonable commercial 
efforts to participate in such initiative, but only to the extent that such 
participation would not materially interfere with or adversely affect other 
contractual or legal obligations of Parent or Operator in existence at such 
time or materially interfere with the Operator’s operational or maintenance 
standards or performance requirements, each as necessary to perform the 
services contemplated by this Agreement.

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
H.           Accounting Provisions.  Delta shall retain all revenues 
(including, without limitation, passenger, cargo, mail, food, beverage and 
duty-free services or any other revenue including, without limitation, any 
guaranteed or incentive payments from airport, local or municipal 
authorities in connection with scheduling flights to such airport or 
locality, Essential Air Service subsidies or any federal funds payments) in 
connection with the operation of the Delta Connection Flights.  Operator 
shall promptly remit to Delta all monies with respect to all airline ticket 
sales, on-board sales, baggage charges, passenger charges, cargo sales and 
all other revenue collected by Operator or any agent or employee of 
Operator in connection with the operation of the Aircraft (including credit 
card transactions).
 
On each of the 7th, 14th, 21st and 28th day of each month (or if not a 
business day, on the following business day) after operation of the initial 
Delta Connection Flight, Delta will advance to Operator twenty-five percent 
(25%) of the estimated monthly Direct Costs (excluding Aircraft Sublease 
Expense that is deducted herefrom in payment of Rent pursuant to the terms 
of the Aircraft Subleases) (the “Base Compensation”).  Such payment shall 
be made via wire transfer or through the Airline Clearing House (the “
Clearing House”), in Delta’s discretion (but in any event on the dates set 
forth above) or, if any such payment from Delta is not paid on such dates, 
then in Operator’s discretion.  In computing the amount of the advance, 
Delta will use the projected fuel costs, and the estimated number of weekly 
revenue block hours, departures and passengers.  The reimbursement of 
Aircraft Sublease Expense in respect of each Aircraft shall be due and 
payable each month on the date that Rent in respect of such Aircraft under 
the respective Aircraft Sublease is due and payable.
 
Within thirty (30) days following the end of each month, Delta and Operator 
will reconcile the actual Direct Costs (excluding Aircraft Sublease Expense 
that is deducted herefrom in payment of Rent pursuant to the terms of the 
Aircraft Subleases) incurred by Operator for the Base Compensation, the 
final operating results (including actual performance in the Performance 
Categories) of, and actual revenue block hours flown by, Operator with the 
estimated payments made pursuant to the previous paragraph.  Within five 
(5) business days of completing such reconciliation, Delta or Operator, as 
the case may be, shall pay, via wire transfer or the Clearing House in 
Delta’s discretion, to an account designated by the other party, monies 
equal to the reconciled amount.  If certain actual costs are not known by 
the end of such thirty-day period, Operator shall provide Delta with a good 
faith estimate of such unknown costs and such estimated amount shall be 
included in the initial thirty-day reconciliation.  As soon as commercially 
reasonable, such estimated amounts shall be reconciled with the actual 
costs for such expenses, and Delta or Operator, as the case may be, shall 
pay, via wire transfer or the Clearing House in Delta’s discretion, to an 
account designated by the other party, monies equal to the reconciled 
amount.
 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event Operator is 
unable to operate any of the Aircraft, or any of the Delta Connection 
Flights, for any reason other than as a result of weather, fire, war, 
terrorism, other act of hostilities, an industry-wide ATC action, an 
industry-wide directive by the FAA, TSA or other governmental agency or act 
of God, Delta shall not be obligated to pay Operator any portion of the 
Base Compensation, incentive
 

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

compensation, or any other amounts, in connection with such non-operated 
Aircraft and Delta Connection Flights.  If the non-operated Aircraft or 
Delta Connection Flight is caused by weather, fire, war, terrorism, other 
act of hostilities, an industry-wide ATC action, an industry-wide directive 
by the FAA, TSA or other governmental agency or act of God, Delta shall 
nevertheless be obligated to pay to Operator the Base Rate Costs for Flight 
Ops, In Flight, Line Maintenance Salary and Line Maintenance Benefits (as 
set forth on Exhibit B) associated with flights awarded to pilots of 
Operator in response to Operator’s standard crew bid procedures and actual 
Pass Through Costs incurred by Operator with respect to such Delta 
Connection Flights previously scheduled by Delta but not operated by 
Operator during the period that Operator is unable to operate such Aircraft 
or scheduled Delta Connection Flights.
 
           I.           Audit of Costs, Operations and Service Levels.  
Operator shall maintain complete and accurate books and records to support 
and document all revenues, costs and expenses related to the Aircraft and 
its Delta Connection operations hereunder, in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles consistently applied and in accordance with 
the accounting policies and procedures used by the parties to develop the 
Direct Costs.  Delta’s in-house finance staff and any independent 
consultants selected by Delta shall be entitled, following reasonable 
notice to Operator, to audit and inspect Operator’s books and records 
relevant to the services provided hereunder, the service levels achieved, 
and the determination of charges due pursuant to this Agreement for the 
sole purposes of (1) prospectively adjusting the Base Rate Amount in 
connection with any annual review pursuant to Section 3.B. hereof and/or 
(2) auditing Reimbursable Costs, Pass Through Costs, or incentive 
compensation due or paid hereunder.  Any such audit will be conducted 
during regular business hours and be paid for by Delta unless such audit 
determines that Operator owes Delta in excess of $500,000, in which case 
Operator shall pay Delta the costs and expenses incurred by Delta in 
connection with such audit.
 
J.           Right of Set-off.  Any party may offset against any payment to 
be made to any other party hereto (including the next scheduled payment by 
Delta to be made pursuant to Section 3(H) above) the amount of any payment 
that such other party or any of its affiliates owes to such first party or 
any of its affiliates but has not made when due (taking into account any 
cure period), unless such overdue payment is subject to a good faith 
dispute.
 
ARTICLE 4
 
TICKETING SERVICES; SIGNAGE; FACILITIES; SLOTS AND ROUTES
 
 A. Ticketing Services.  Either Delta or Operator will provide primary
 airport ticketing services in connection with the Delta Connection
 Flights, and, if applicable, the other party will provide supplemental
 ticketing services for the Delta Connection Flights at Delta’s airport
 ticketing locations and will use Delta ticket stock for such purposes.
 
 B. Signage.  Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, Delta will design,
 provide and pay for appropriate airport and other signage installed after
 the Effective Date to reflect the Delta Connection and the relationship
 between Operator and Delta.  The nature and type of such signage will be
 in the sole discretion of Delta, subject to any airport, governmental or
 quasigovernmental restrictions or requirements, and to any contractual or
 other obligations of Parent or Operator, and the location of such signage
 will be limited to passenger-related
 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 facilities from which Parent or Operator provides services to Delta
 hereunder.  Delta will be responsible for installing and maintaining all
 such signage, but the parties will mutually determine which party will
 obtain any necessary formal or informal approvals from appropriate airport
 or other authorities to install such signage.  The parties will fully
 cooperate with each other in all endeavors relating to such signage and
 any necessary approvals.
 
 C. Facilities.
 
(1) In connection with the Delta Connection Flights, and subject to clause 
(2) below, Operator shall use the gates and facilities designated by Delta 
from time to time at the locations in which Operator operates such Delta 
Connection Flights.  No other use of such gates and other facilities by 
Operator or parties other than Delta shall be allowed without Delta’s 
express written consent.
 
(2) Delta’s right to designate gates and other facilities to be used by 
Operator in connection with providing Delta Connection Flights shall 
include the right at each airport, in Delta’s discretion, to either:  (a) 
provide for use of some or all of the needed facilities to Operator through 
mutually acceptable subleases, ground handling agreements, licenses, 
permits or otherwise; or (b) require Operator to directly obtain use of 
passenger-related and aircraft related facilities used or to be used 
exclusively for Delta Connection Flights from the airport operator or other 
lessors, and shall not include the right to designate gates or other 
facilities then used by Operator for operations other than Delta Connection 
Flights.  Delta and Operator agree that Delta may relocate Operator to 
comparable facilities at the service locations, provided that Delta 
reimburses Operator for its reasonable relocation expenses.
 
(3) Operator shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that all 
leases, subleases, permits, licenses and other use agreements of airport 
terminal facilities entered into by Operator for use exclusively in 
connection with Delta Connection Flights (each, a “Facility Lease” and 
collectively, “Facilities Leases”) shall be assignable to Delta or Delta’s 
designee, at Delta’s election, without the consent of the other party to 
such Facility Lease on termination of this Agreement, the withdrawal of 
Delta Connection Flights from such airport or upon written notice from 
Delta to Operator, provided that if the consent of the facility lessor is 
required by contract or governmental regulations, Operator will use its 
reasonable commercial efforts to obtain such consent at the time the 
Facility Lease is entered into and to incorporate such consent in the terms 
of the Facility Lease or otherwise at such time as Delta may direct.  
Subject only to Operator obtaining any necessary consent of such other 
party, Operator shall assign to Delta or Delta’s designee (a) all 
Facilities Leases upon termination of this Agreement, (b) all Facilities 
Leases at a particular airport upon the withdrawal of all Delta Connection 
Flights from such airport, and (c) such Facilities Leases as Delta shall 
designate at any time upon receipt of written notice from Delta.  If Delta 
elects and if the other party to the Facilities Lease agrees, instead of an 
assignment, any such transfer can be accomplished by either:  (i) a 
termination of the applicable Operator Facilities Lease and a direct lease 
of such premises to Delta or Delta’s designee; or (ii) a release of 
premises designated by Delta from the applicable Operator Facility Lease 
and lease of such premises directly to Delta or Delta’s designee.
 

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
(4) Operator shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that all 
Facilities Leases entered into by Operator shall expressly provide that 
Delta or Delta’s designee, at Delta’s election, shall have the right to 
sublease any or all of the premises covered by the applicable Facilities 
Lease without the consent of the other party to such Facility Lease on 
termination of this Agreement, the withdrawal or reduction of Delta 
Connection Flights from such airport or upon written notice from Delta to 
Operator, provided that if the consent of the facility lessor is required 
by contract or governmental regulations, Operator will use its reasonable 
commercial efforts to obtain such consent at the time the Facility Lease is 
entered into and to incorporate such consent in the terms of the Facility 
Lease or otherwise at such time as Delta may direct.  Subject only to 
Operator obtaining any necessary consent of such other party, Operator 
shall, at Delta’s option, sublease the premises Delta specifies under any 
applicable Facilities Lease to Delta or Delta’s designee on termination of 
this Agreement, the withdrawal of Delta Connection Flights from such 
airport or upon receipt of written notice from Delta.  If Delta or Delta’s 
designee enters into such a sublease, at Delta’s option, Operator shall 
enter into a sub-sublease of all or the portion of the subleased premises 
that Delta designates.
 
(5) Operator shall not assign, transfer, sublease, alter, amend, modify or 
terminate any Facilities Lease to which it is a party without the prior 
written consent of Delta.
 
(6) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Delta may, 
at its option, elect to enter the Facilities Lease in lieu of Operator for 
any facilities to be used by Operator at any new or existing city to be 
served by Operator pursuant to this Agreement, and in the event Delta 
exercises this option (a) Delta shall enter into a Facilities Lease with 
the lessor of such facilities, (b) Operator shall utilize such facilities 
pursuant to a sublease, license agreement, permit, facilities use agreement 
or ground handling agreement with Delta, (c) at Delta’s option, the 
sublease, facilities use agreement or ground handling agreement shall 
terminate when Operator ceases to operate Delta Connection Flights at the 
airport, and (d) Delta shall enter into agreements for facilities which are 
reasonably suitable for Operator’s operational needs.  If for any reason 
Delta fails to provide such facilities, such failure shall not be a breach 
hereof and Operator shall be obligated to secure such facilities within a 
reasonable period of time.
 
(7) At any location in which Operator is the signatory carrier of the 
applicable Facility Lease, Operator shall vote as directed by Delta on any 
matters submitted to the signatory carriers for a vote.
 
(8) Operator shall comply with all requirements of such Facilities Leases, 
subleases and sub-subleases described in this Section 4C and an event of 
default by Operator under any such agreements for a material Facilities 
Lease shall be a breach of this Agreement.  If Operator receives any notice 
of default or breach with respect to any Facilities Lease, Operator shall 
promptly provide a copy to Delta, consult with Delta on handling and advise 
Delta on Operator’s plans for resolving the matter.
 

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 D. Slots and Route Authorities.  During the Term of this Agreement
 (including any renewal terms) or upon the expiration or termination of
 this Agreement, Delta may, in its sole discretion, require Operator to
 transfer to Delta or its designee at no charge any airport takeoff or
 landing slots, route authorities or other regulatory authorities as Delta
 shall designate which were obtained and have been or are being used for
 Delta Connection Flights under this Agreement, provided that Operator
 shall not be required to acquire any airport takeoff or landing slot,
 route authority or other regulatory authority without the acquisition cost
 paid by Operator, if any, being treated as a Pass Through Costs under this
 Agreement.
 
ARTICLE 5
 
CUSTOMER SERVICES
 
 A. Operator will handle all customer related services in connection with
 the Delta Connection Flights in a professional, businesslike and courteous
 manner.  In order to ensure a high level of customer satisfaction for the
 Delta Connection Flights, Operator will (1) establish and maintain
 customer handling procedures and policies for the Delta Connection Flights
 that are substantially similar to those utilized by Delta (“Customer
 Service Policies”) and (2) establish, maintain and enforce employee
 conduct, appearance and training standards and policies for the Delta
 Connection Flights that are substantially similar to those used by Delta. 
 All uniforms worn by Operator employees on the Delta Connection Flights
 and by any Operator employees providing support services in connection
 with such flights shall be subject to the prior approval of Delta and
 shall at all times be consistent with Delta’s existing uniform standards.
 
 B. Operator and Delta will periodically meet to discuss and review
 Operator’s customer handling procedures and policies for the Delta
 Connection Flights to ensure compliance with this Article 5.  Each party
 will seek to set forth concerns and complaints under this Article 5 in
 writing to the other party.  To the extent Delta advises Operator of any
 deviation from Section 5A hereof, the parties shall meet to mutually
 determine appropriate solutions and to agree to the terms of a corrective
 action plan and the timing of its implementation.  In the event Operator
 shall fail, in any material respect, to adopt or implement any such agreed
 corrective action plan in the time period described therein, any such
 failure may be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.
 
 C. Operator shall adopt as its own, for the Delta Connection Flights,
 Delta’s Terms and Conditions of Contract of Carriage (“Contract of
 Carriage”), baggage liability policies and denied boarding compensation
 policies, each as amended from time to time, and be bound by their
 respective terms with respect to its operation of Delta Connection
 Flights.
 

 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE 6
 
[RESERVED]
 
ARTICLE 7
 
FREQUENT FLYER PARTICIPATION
 
During the Term of this Agreement, the parties agree that passengers on 
Operator’s Delta Connection Flights will be eligible to participate in the 
Delta SkyMiles frequent flyer program, as may be amended from time to time, 
or any other similar program developed by Delta (the “Program”) and all 
Program award tickets will be honored for travel on Delta Connection 
Flights on the following terms and conditions:
 
 A. Administration.  Administration of the Program shall be performed by
 and at the cost of Delta.  Delta will promote and administer the Program.
 
 B. Program Information.  Title and full and complete ownership rights to
 Program membership data and information developed by Delta, wherever
 located, shall remain with Delta or an affiliate of Delta.  Operator
 understands and agrees that such data and information constitutes Delta’s
 (or its affiliates’) proprietary information.  Any membership lists,
 labels, data, or other compiled membership information supplied to
 Operator in any form and any and all copies thereof are to be used by
 Operator exclusively in the performance of its obligations under this
 Agreement and will not be otherwise used, sold, licensed, leased,
 transferred, stored, duplicated or transmitted, in any form or by any
 means, without Delta’s prior written consent.  All such information will
 either be returned to Delta or destroyed at Delta’s request.
 
 C. Accrual and Redemption.  Passengers on the Delta Connection Flights
 shall be eligible to accrue and redeem Program mileage on such flights. 
 Passengers traveling pursuant to award travel under the Program shall be
 considered passengers for all purposes under this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE 8
 
SUPPORT SERVICES
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, from time to 
time during the Term, Delta may, at is sole discretion, require Operator to 
utilize Delta, an affiliate of Delta or a another third party designated by 
Delta for certain services or products including, without limitation, 
catering and on-board provisioning; aircraft and engine maintenance and 
ground handling (collectively, “Support Services”), provided such services 
and products are not more costly to Operator than the alternative services 
or products they are replacing or would replace and do not materially 
interfere with the operational or maintenance standards or performance 
requirements of Operator, each as necessary to perform the services 
contemplated by this Agreement, or adversely affect other contractual or 
legal obligations of Parent or Operator in effect at such time.
 

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE 9
 
AUTOMATION SERVICES
 
Delta may provide Operator the following automation and related services 
for the Delta Connection Flights, and if provided by Delta, Operator agrees 
to participate in such services in the manner and subject to the conditions 
described below.
 
 A. Internal Reservations Equipment.  Delta shall provide or arrange for
 the provision to Operator of an electronic reservations system (currently
 referred to as “Deltamatic” but including any successor reservations
 system adopted by Delta) and shall provide Operator with:  (1) the ability
 to access passenger name records, (2) automated ticketing capabilities,
 (3) operational messaging switching capabilities, (4) the ability to
 update Delta Connection Flight information, (5) the ability to distribute
 flight releases and weather packages, and (6) perform other
 reservations-related functions for the Delta Connection Flights
 (Deltamatic and any successor system are hereinafter referred to as the “
 Res System”).  Delta reserves the right to modify the functionality of the
 Res System at any time.  Operator will use the Res System made available
 by Delta for the Delta Connection Flights only.
 
 B. Delta’s Rights and Obligations.
 
(1) Delta will install or cause to be installed the equipment requested by 
Operator at the locations set forth on Exhibit C to this Agreement and 
shall provide Operator connection to the Res System.  The equipment 
described on Exhibit C and any software installed on the Equipment at the 
time of its delivery to Operator is hereinafter referred to as the “
Equipment.”  Operator understands and agrees that:  (a) all Equipment shall 
remain the sole property of Delta; (b) Operator shall not remove any 
identifying marks from the Equipment; (c) Operator shall not subject the 
Equipment to any lien (other than lessor’s liens or other liens generally 
applicable to equipment installed at such locations); and (d) Delta may 
enter Operator’s premises to remove the Equipment immediately upon 
termination of this Agreement.  Exhibit C may be amended from time to time 
by mutual agreement of the parties to reflect the installation, removal or 
relocation of Equipment.
 
(2) Delta will provide initial and recurrent training to Operator training 
staff and other key designated personnel in the use of the Res System, at 
Delta’s training centers unless otherwise agreed.  Delta may remove from a 
training program any Operator employee who is not satisfactorily 
participating therein.
 
(3) Delta will promptly provide, or arrange to provide, all repairs and 
maintenance services required for the Equipment and will use reasonable 
business efforts to keep the Equipment and the Res System in good repair 
and condition.  Operator will not perform or attempt to perform repairs or 
maintenance of any kind on the Equipment without prior consultation with 
Delta and will promptly contact Delta regarding the need for repairs or 
maintenance.
 

 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 C. Operator’s Rights and Obligations.
 
(1) Operator will not for any reason relocate or remove any of the 
Equipment without Delta’s prior written consent.  Delta will pay all costs 
associated with the installation, relocation, purchase, regular 
maintenance, repair (other than for loss or damage for which is Operator is 
responsible) or removal of Equipment.
 
(2) Operator will use the Equipment and the Res System in strict conformity 
with the training and operating instructions provided by, or arranged to be 
provided by, Delta.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
unless authorized by Delta, Operator will not use the Res System to develop 
or publish any reservation, ticketing, sales, cargo, tariff or other guide, 
to provide services not authorized by this Agreement to third parties, to 
train persons other than Operator’s employees in the use of the Equipment 
or the Res System, or for other uses designated by Delta in writing as 
prohibited.  Operator may not publish, disclose or otherwise make available 
to any third party the compilations of air carrier service or fares 
obtained from the Res System; provided, however, that Operator may use 
specific air carrier service and fare data for the benefit of its 
customers.
 
(3) Operator will encourage and allow its employees using the Res System to 
attend training sessions related to the Res System, and it is Operator’s 
responsibility to ensure that each employee using the Res System receives 
full and adequate training on the Res System.
 
(4) Operator will use its reasonable commercial efforts to protect the 
Equipment from loss, damage or theft and to prevent its unauthorized use or 
improper operation.  Operator will make no alterations to the Equipment and 
will return the Equipment to Delta upon the termination of this Agreement 
in the same condition as received, excepting only ordinary wear and tear in 
the normal course of Operator’s operations.  Operator will obtain and 
maintain insurance for the Equipment against all risks of damage and loss, 
including without limitation loss by fire, theft and such other risks of 
loss as are customarily insured in a standard all-risk policy.  Such 
insurance shall also provide the following:
 
    (a) Full replacement value coverage for the Equipment (subject to
    policy deductibles);
 
    (b) An endorsement naming Delta as the loss payee to the extent of its
    interest in the Equipment; and
 
    (c) An endorsement requiring the insurer to give Delta at least thirty
    (30) days prior written notice of any intended cancellation, nonrenewal
    or material change of coverage; provided that only ten (10) days prior
    written notice of cancellation, nonrenewal or material change of
    coverage need be given in the event that such cancellation, nonrenewal
    or material change in coverage is caused solely by failure to make a
    premium payment.
 

 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Upon request by Delta, Operator will promptly provide satisfactory evidence 
of the insurance required pursuant to this Section 9C(4).  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Operator shall be liable to Delta for any loss or damage to 
the Equipment, regardless of cause, occurring while the Equipment is in the 
possession, custody or control of Operator.
 
(5) Operator waives any proprietary rights that it may have with respect to 
information entered into the Res System.
 
 D. Entry and Inspection.  Persons designated or authorized by Delta may
 enter Operator’s premises during normal business hours for the purposes of
 (1) monitoring, inspecting, and reviewing Operator’s use of and operations
 with respect to the Res System, (2) performing repairs or maintenance on
 the Equipment, (3) installing, removing, replacing or relocating the
 Equipment (unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement), or (4) training
 or retraining Operator’s employees in the use of the Res System; provided 
 that such activities may not unreasonably interfere with Operator’s
 business.
 
 E. Limitations on Liability.  In addition to any other limitations on
 liability set forth herein:
 
(1) Neither Parent, Operator nor Delta is responsible for errors or 
inaccuracies in the availability records, fare quotes, or other information 
contained in the Res System at any time, for any planned or unplanned 
interruptions, delays or malfunctions in the operation of the Res System or 
the Equipment or for the merchantability or fitness for a particular 
purpose of any of the data or Equipment made available to Operator.
 
(2) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH F BELOW, EACH OF PARENT, OPERATOR AND 
DELTA HEREBY WAIVES AND RELEASES THE OTHER PARTIES AND THEIR AFFILIATES AND 
THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FROM ANY AND ALL 
OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES AND ALL OF THEIR RIGHTS, CLAIMS AND REMEDIES 
AGAINST THE OTHER PARTIES OR THEIR AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE 
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY 
LAW OR OTHERWISE, DUE TO ANY DEFECTS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF SERVICE IN, OR 
ERRORS OR MALFUNCTIONS BY, SOFTWARE, THE EQUIPMENT, THE RES SYSTEM OR ITS 
USERS, INCLUDING ALL LIABILITY, OBLIGATION, RIGHT, CLAIM, OR REMEDY IN 
TORT, AND INCLUDING ALL LIABILITY, OBLIGATION, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY FOR 
LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFIT OR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  FURTHER, DELTA DISCLAIMS AND EACH OF 
PARENT AND OPERATOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR 
INTENDED USE RELATING TO THE RES SYSTEM, THE EQUIPMENT, DATA, OR SERVICES 
FURNISHED HEREUNDER.
 

 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 F. Patent and Copyright Indemnity.  Delta will indemnify each of Parent
 and Operator, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
 employees or agents, against, and will defend or settle, at its own
 expense, any action brought against Parent, Operator or their Affiliates
 or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents, to
 the extent that it is based on, a claim that the Res System provided by
 Delta pursuant to this Agreement, in its normal use, or any part thereof,
 infringes any U.S. copyright or patent; and Delta will pay those costs,
 damages and attorney’s fees finally awarded against Parent, Operator or
 their Affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees
 or agents in any such action attributable to any such claim, but such
 defense, settlements and payments are conditioned on the following:  (1)
 the provisions of Section 12C below, including those relating to notice
 and control of defense, shall apply; (2) that Parent and Operator shall
 cooperate with Delta in a reasonable way to facilitate the settlement or
 defense of such claim, provided that Delta shall pay all of Parent’s and
 Operator’s reasonable expenses in connection with any such cooperation
 requested by Delta; and (3) should such Res System become, or in Delta’s
 opinion be likely to become, the subject of such claim of infringement,
 then Operator shall permit Delta, at Delta’s option and expense, either to
 (a) procure for Operator the right to continue using the Res System, or
 (b) replace or modify the same so that it becomes noninfringing and
 functionally equivalent, or (c) upon failure of (a) and (b) above despite
 the reasonable efforts of Delta, accept immediate termination of this
 Agreement as it relates to such system.  This paragraph (F) states the
 entire liability of Delta with respect to the infringement of copyrights
 and patents by the Res System provided hereunder or the operation thereof.
 
ARTICLE 10
 
OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS
 
 A. Operator agrees to provide the following information to Delta for each
 day during the Term of this Agreement on the next business day after the
 applicable day:
 
    (1) The completion rate (actual) of the Delta Connection Flights during
    such day.  Unless revised in accordance with Section 10C below,
    Operator shall maintain a completion rate (determined in accordance
    with Section 3(A)) as set forth on Schedule 10 attached hereto and made
    a part hereof.
 
    (2) The number of scheduled Delta Connection Flights that do not arrive
    at their scheduled destination prior to fifteen (15) minutes after
    their respective scheduled arrival times during such day.  Unless
    revised in accordance with Section 10C below, Operator shall maintain a
    percentage of on-time arrivals as set forth on Schedule 10 attached
    hereto and made a part hereof.
 
 B. Each of the requirements set forth on Schedule 10 shall be defined as
 the “Operational Performance Standards.”  If Delta is concerned about
 Operator’s performance in connection with any of the Operational
 Performance Standards set forth on Schedule 10, Operator agrees to discuss
 with Delta such performance and potential ways to improve such performance
 at Delta’s request.  The parties shall have ten (10) days to determine
 appropriate solutions and/or a corrective action plan, and Operator agrees
 to diligently comply with the
 

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

  terms and conditions of any such solutions and corrective action plans
 that are mutually agreed by the parties.
 
 C. The parties recognize and agree that the Operational Performance
 Standards set forth on Schedule 10 may be modified or adjusted by mutual
 agreement of the parties hereto from time to time during the Term of this
 Agreement.
 
 D. If at any time during the Term Operator is required to provide any of
 the following information to the DOT, and Operator notifies Delta
 sufficiently in advance of such requirement, Delta shall provide to
 Operator such information Operator is required to provide to the DOT and
 other data in its possession relating to the (1) number of mishandled
 bags, (2) denied boarding, (3) disability complaints, (3) DOT complaints
 for the Delta Connection Flights operated by Operator or any other
 information required by the regulations promulgated by the DOT.
 
 E. Operator shall actively participate in and comply with the Delta
 Connection Safety Alliance and at all times during the Term and (i) comply
 with Delta’s safety standards with respect to the services provided
 hereunder including, without limitation, as set forth in the Delta
 Connection Carriers Non-Regulatory Safety Program Standards document and
 the Delta Connection Ground Operations Manual, (ii) within a reasonable
 timeframe of inception of this Agreement, comply with and maintain all
 IATA Operational Safety Audit requirements and certification, Cockpit
 Aviation Safety Action Program (subject to consent of such Operator’s
 union representation and FAA), and all other safety initiatives applicable
 to the regional service industry, and (iii) Operator shall be required to
 successfully complete a DOD audit under a regular bi-annual inspection
 program. (collectively, as amended from time to time, the “Delta
 Connection Safety Standards”).  Operator’s failure to comply with the
 Delta Connection Safety Standards shall be considered a material breach of
 this Agreement. 
 

 
ARTICLE 11
 
TERM AND TERMINATION
 
 A. This Agreement shall commence as of the Agreement Date and shall
 terminate upon the last of the dates described in the following sentence,
 unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms
 (such period, and any extension or renewal thereof, the “Term”).  As to
 any particular Aircraft, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in
 accordance with its terms, this Agreement shall terminate with respect to
 each Aircraft, upon the earlier of the Retirement Date or Removal Date for
 such Aircraft.
 
 B. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11A, either party may
 terminate this Agreement immediately if the other party files a voluntary
 petition in bankruptcy, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
 fails to secure dismissal of any involuntary petition in bankruptcy within
 sixty (60) days after the filing thereof, or petitions for reorganization,
 liquidation, or dissolution under any federal or state bankruptcy or
 similar law.
 

 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 C. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11A, in the event of a
 material breach of this Agreement by either party remaining uncured for
 more than thirty (30) days after receipt of written notification of such
 breach by the nonbreaching party, then the nonbreaching party may
 immediately terminate this Agreement at its sole option.  Notwithstanding
 the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if between the
 Agreement Date and March 31, 2011 Delta notifies Operator of Delta’s
 intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.C., and the
 material breach by Operator giving rise to such notice of termination is
 due to an act or omission of Operator occurring prior to the Agreement
 Date, then Operator shall have ninety (90) days after receipt of such
 notice to cure such material breach and if such material breach is not
 cured within such 90-day period, Delta shall have the right to terminate
 this Agreement immediately and at its sole option.
 
 D. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11A, in the event a “Force
 Majeure Event” (as defined in Article 19) substantially prevents one
 party’s performance of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement, for a
 period of ten (10) or more consecutive days, Delta may (1) temporarily
 suspend some or all of the Aircraft from the scope of this Agreement upon
 written notice to the Operator, or (2) terminate this Agreement in its
 entirety upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Operator.
 
 E. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 11A, B, C and D, Delta shall
 have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately and at its sole
 option upon the occurrence of one or more of the following:
 
(1) Operator or Parent agrees to merge into or with any entity other than 
an affiliate of Parent, agrees to be acquired by any entity other than an 
affiliate of Parent, agrees to sell substantially all of its assets or 
enters into a letter of intent, or similar document, to merge into or with 
any entity, to be acquired by any entity other than an affiliate of Parent, 
or to sell substantially all of its assets (each such event, a “Merger”);
 
(2) The acquisition, after the Agreement Date, by any individual, entity or 
group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange Act”)) (a “Person”) other 
than an affiliate of Parent of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of 
Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than forty-nine 
percent (49%) of either (a) the then outstanding shares of common stock of 
Operator or Parent, or (b) the combined voting power of the then 
outstanding voting securities of Operator or Parent entitled to vote 
generally in the election of such entity’s directors or managers, as 
applicable (each such event, a “Change of Control”);
 
(3) Operator’s level of safety with respect to its operation of the 
Aircraft or the Delta Connection Flights is not reasonably satisfactory to 
Delta;
 
(4) a breach by Operator of Section 17G hereof;
 
(5) Operator’s failure to pass, in Delta’s reasonable discretion, a safety 
and code share audit to be conducted by Delta, at its sole discretion, at 
any time during the Term of this Agreement;
 

 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
(6) Operator fails to achieve any of the Operational Performance Standards 
set forth on Schedule 10 with respect to the Delta Connection Flights 
during any three ***;
 
(7) a material breach by Operator or Parent of any representation or 
warranty in Section 16A(5);
 
(8) Operator’s failure to comply with the insurance provisions of Articles 
13 and 14 hereof;
 
(9) Operator’s FAA or DOT Certification is for any reason suspended or 
revoked or otherwise not in full force and effect so as to permit Operator 
to operate the Delta Connection Flights required under this Agreement;
 
(10) Operator shall commence operating an aircraft type which causes Delta 
to be in violation of its collective bargaining agreement with its pilots 
in effect as of the date hereof; and
 
(11) Parent or Operator shall default with respect to the material term of 
any other agreement between Parent, Operator or any Affiliate of Parent or 
Operator, on the one hand, and Delta or an Affiliate of Delta, on the other 
hand (any such agreement, a “Related Party Agreement”), and such breach 
shall continue for more than the period of grace, if any, specified therein 
and shall not have been waived; provided, however, that each of (i) the 
2010 Delta Connection Agreement dated as of the Agreement Date by and among 
Parent, Operator, Pinnacle Airlines, Inc. (“Pinnacle”) and Delta; (ii) the 
Delta Connection Agreement dated as of April 27, 2007 by and among Delta, 
Parent and Pinnacle and (iii) the Second and Amended Restated Air Services 
Agreement dated as of the Effective Date by and among Parent, Pinnacle, 
Operator and Delta shall not be a related Party Agreement hereunder until 
July 1, 2011.
 
Notwithstanding the above or any other provision of this Agreement, if 
between the Agreement Date and March 31, 2011 Delta notifies Operator of 
Delta’s intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 11(E)(4), 
11(E)(5), 11(E)(6) or 11(E)(9) above, and the default by Operator giving 
rise to such notice of termination is due to an act or omission of Operator 
occurring prior to the Agreement Date, then Operator shall have ninety (90) 
days after receipt of such notice to cure such default and if such default 
is not cured within such 90-day period, Delta shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement immediately and at its sole option.
 
 F. Termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not relieve either
 party of rights and obligations incurred prior to the effective date of
 termination.  A party’s right to terminate this Agreement shall be in
 addition to any other rights or remedies, in law or equity, available to
 such party.
 

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE 12
 
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS; LIABILITY PROVISIONS
 
 A. Operator shall act as an independent contractor.  The employees, agents
 and/or independent contractors of Operator engaged in performing any of
 the services Operator is obligated to perform pursuant to this Agreement
 shall be employees, agents and independent contractors of Operator for all
 purposes and under no circumstances shall employees, agents or independent
 contractors of Operator be deemed to be employees, agents or independent
 contractors of Delta.  In its performance of obligations under this
 Agreement, Operator shall act, for all purposes, as an independent
 contractor and not as an agent for Delta.  Delta shall have no supervisory
 power or control over any employees, agents or independent contractors
 engaged by Operator in connection with Operator’s performance of its
 obligations hereunder, and all complaints or requested changes in
 procedure shall, in all events, be transmitted by Delta to a designated
 representative of Operator.  Nothing contained in this Agreement is
 intended to limit or condition Operator’s control over its operation or
 the conduct of its business as an air carrier, and Operator assumes all
 risks of financial losses which may result from the operation of the air
 services to be provided by Operator hereunder.
 
 B. Delta shall act as an independent contractor.  The employees, agents
 and/or independent contractors of Delta engaged in performing any of the
 services Delta is to perform pursuant to this Agreement shall be
 employees, agents and independent contractors of Delta for all purposes
 and under no circumstances shall employees, agents and independent
 contractors of Delta be deemed to be employees, agents or independent
 contractors of Operator.  In performing its obligations under this
 Agreement, Delta shall act, for all purposes, as an independent contractor
 and not as an agent for Operator.  Operator shall have no supervisory
 power or control over any employees, agents or independent contractors
 engaged by Delta in connection with the performance of its obligations
 hereunder, and all complaints or requested changes in procedure shall, in
 all events, be transmitted by Operator to a designated representative of
 Delta.  Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to limit or
 condition Delta’s control over its operation or the conduct of its
 business as an air carrier.
 
 C. Parent and Operator, jointly and severally, shall be liable for and
 hereby agrees fully to defend, release, discharge, indemnify, and hold
 harmless Delta and its affiliates, and each of their respective directors,
 officers, employees and agents (each, a “Delta Indemnitee”) from and
 against any and all claims, demands, damages, liabilities, suits,
 judgments, actions, causes of action, losses, costs and expenses of any
 kind, character or nature whatsoever (in each case whether groundless or
 otherwise), including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses in
 connection therewith and expenses of investigation and litigation thereof,
 which may be suffered by, accrued against, charged to, or recoverable from
 any Delta Indemnitee in any manner arising out of, connected with, or
 attributable to this Agreement, the performance, improper performance, or
 nonperformance of any and all obligations to be undertaken by Operator
 pursuant to this Agreement, or the operation, non-operation, or improper
 operation of Operator’s aircraft, equipment or facilities at any location,
 excluding only claims, demands, damages, liabilities, suits, judgments,
 actions, causes of action, losses, costs and expenses resulting from the
 gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Delta Indemnitee.
 

 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 Operator will do all things necessary to cause and assure, and will cause
 and assure, that Operator will at all times be and remain in custody and
 control of all aircraft, equipment, and facilities of Operator, and no
 Delta Indemnitee shall, for any reason, be deemed to be in custody or
 control, or a bailee, of Operator’s aircraft, equipment or facilities.
 
 D. Delta shall be liable for and hereby agrees fully to defend, release,
 discharge, indemnify, and hold harmless Operator, and each of its
 directors, officers, employees, and agents (each, an “Operator Indemnitee
 ”) from and against any and all claims, demands, damages, liabilities,
 suits, judgments, actions, causes of action, losses, costs and expenses of
 any kind, character or nature whatsoever (in each case whether groundless
 or otherwise), including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses in
 connection therewith and expenses of investigation and litigation thereof,
 which may be suffered by, accrued against, charged to, or recoverable from
 any Operator Indemnitee in any manner arising out of, connected with, or
 attributable to Delta’s performance, improper performance or
 nonperformance of any and all obligations to be undertaken by Delta
 pursuant to this Agreement, or the operation, non-operation or improper
 operation of Delta’s aircraft, equipment or facilities at any location,
 excluding only claims, demands, damages, liabilities, suits, judgments,
 actions, causes of action, losses, costs and expenses resulting from the
 gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Operator Indemnitee.  Delta
 will do all things necessary to cause and assure, and will cause and
 assure, that Delta will at all times be and remain in custody and control
 of any aircraft, equipment and facilities of Delta used in connection with
 performance of this Agreement, and no Operator Indemnitee shall, for any
 reason, be deemed to be in the custody or control, or a bailee, of such
 Delta aircraft, equipment or facilities.
 
 E. Operator and Delta agree to comply with all lawful rules, regulations,
 directives and similar instructions of appropriate governmental, judicial
 and administrative entities including, but not limited to, airport
 authorities, the Federal Aviation Administration and the Department of
 Transportation (and any successor agencies) with respect to operations
 covered by this Agreement.
 
 F. OTHER THAN ANY WARRANTIES SPECIFICALLY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT,
 EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS AND THE OTHER PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ANY WARRANTIES,
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS
 PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
 ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR INTENDED USE RELATING TO
 ANY EQUIPMENT, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES FURNISHED HEREUNDER.  EACH
 PARTY AGREES THAT THE OTHER PARTY IS NOT LIABLE TO IT OR ANY OTHER PERSONS
 FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES.
 

 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 G. Indemnification Claims.  A party (the “Indemnified Party”) entitled to
 indemnification from the other party under the terms of this Agreement
 (the “Indemnifying Party”) shall provide the Indemnifying Party with
 prompt written notice (an “Indemnity Notice”) of any third party claim
 which the Indemnified Party believes gives rise to a claim for indemnity
 against the Indemnifying Party hereunder, and the Indemnifying Party shall
 be entitled, if it accepts financial responsibility for the third party
 claim, to control the defense of or to settle any such third party claim
 at its own expense and by its own counsel; provided that the Indemnified
 Party’s prior written consent (which may not be unreasonably withheld or
 delayed) must be obtained prior to settling any such third party claim. 
 If the Indemnifying Party does not accept financial responsibility for the
 third party claim or fails to defend against the third party claim that is
 the subject of an Indemnity Notice within thirty (30) days of receiving
 such notice (or sooner if the nature of the third party claim so
 requires), or otherwise contests its obligation to indemnify the
 Indemnified Party in connection therewith, the Indemnified Party may, upon
 providing written notice to the Indemnifying Party, pay, compromise or
 defend such third party claim.  The Indemnified Party shall provide the
 Indemnifying Party with such information as the Indemnifying Party shall
 reasonably request to defend any such third party claim and shall
 otherwise cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in the defense of any such
 third party claim.  Except as set forth above in this Section 12G, the
 Indemnified Party shall not enter into any settlement or other compromise
 or consent to a judgment with respect to a third party claim as to which
 the Indemnifying Party has an indemnity obligation hereunder without the
 prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which may not be
 unreasonably withheld or delayed), and the entering into any settlement or
 compromise or the consent to any judgment in violation of the foregoing
 shall constitute a waiver by the Indemnified Party of its right to
 indemnity hereunder to the extent the Indemnifying Party was prejudiced
 thereby.  Any Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to the rights of the
 Indemnified Party to the extent that the Indemnifying Party pays for any
 Loss suffered by the Indemnified Party hereunder.  Notwithstanding
 anything contained in this Section 12G to the contrary, Parent, Operator
 and Delta will cooperate in the defense of any claim imposed jointly
 against them or as the result of the conduct of the other.
 
ARTICLE 13
 
WORKERS’ COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYERS’
 
LIABILITY INSURANCE PROVISIONS
 
 A. For purposes of workers’ compensation insurance, Delta’s employees,
 agents and independent contractors under no circumstances shall be deemed
 to be, or shall be, employees, agents or independent contractors of
 Operator.
 
 B. For purposes of workers’ compensation insurance, Operator’s employees,
 agents and independent contractors under no circumstances shall be deemed
 to be, or shall be, the employees, agents or independent contractors of
 Delta.
 

 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 C. Each party assumes full responsibility for, and liability to, its own
 employees on account of injury, or death resulting therefrom, sustained in
 the course of their employment.  Each party, with respect to its own
 employees, accepts full and exclusive liability for the payment of
 applicable workers’ compensation and employers’ liability insurance
 premiums with respect to such employees, and for the payment of all taxes,
 contributions or other payments for unemployment compensation and old age
 benefits, and other similar benefits now or hereafter imposed upon
 employers by any government or agency thereof having jurisdiction in
 respect of such employee.  Each party also agrees to make such payments
 and to make and file all reports and returns and to do all things
 necessary to comply with all applicable laws at any time imposing such
 taxes, contributions, or payments.
 
 D. Each party will have their workers’ compensation insurance carrier
 endorse its policy to provide a waiver of subrogation against the other
 party.
 
ARTICLE 14
 
INSURANCE PROVISIONS
 
 A. Operator shall procure and maintain in full force and effect during the
 term of this Agreement policies of insurance of the types and in the
 minimum amounts set forth below:
 
(1) All risk hull insurance and hull war risk insurance on an agreed value 
basis, not to exceed replacement value, except as required by financing 
agreements.
 
(2) Comprehensive aviation liability (including premises, products and 
completed operations) covering bodily injury, personal injury and property 
damage in an amount not less than *** per occurrence; provided, however, 
that non-passenger personal injury coverage may be limited to $*** per 
occurrence.
 
(3) Workers’ compensation for statutory limits.
 
(4) Employer’s liability in an amount not less than ***.
 
(5) Baggage liability.
 
(6) Cargo liability in an amount not less than *** per loss, casualty or 
disaster.
 
(7) Automobile liability in an amount not less than *** combined single 
limit per occurrence.
 
(8) War, Hijacking and Other Allied Perils insurance protecting against the 
perils in AVN52D, as amended from time to time, or its U.S. equivalent in 
an amount not less than *** per occurrence.  Such insurance may be 
maintained through a combination of primary and excess layers.
 

 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
(9) Insurance required by any Facilities Lease.
 
 B. Operator shall cause the policies of insurance described in Section 
 14A above to be duly and properly endorsed by Operator’s insurance
 underwriters as follows:
 
(1) As to the policies of insurance described in Sections 14A(1), A(2), 
A(3), A(4), A(5), A(6), A(7) and A(8):  (a) to provide that any waiver of 
rights of subrogation against other parties by Operator will not affect the 
policy requirements provided in Section 14A above with respect to Delta, 
its affiliates, and their directors, officers, employees and agents; and 
(b) to provide that Operator’s underwriters shall waive all subrogation 
rights arising out of this Agreement against Delta, its affiliates, and 
their directors, officers, employees and agents without regard to any 
breach of warranty on the part of Operator.
 
(2) As to the policies of insurance described in Sections 14A(2), A(5), 
A(6), A(7) and A(8):  (a) to provide that Delta, its affiliates, and their 
directors, officers, employees and agents shall be named as additional 
insured parties thereunder; and (b) to provide that such insurance shall be 
primary insurance as respects any insurance carried by Delta.
 
(3) As to the policies of insurance described in Sections 14A(2), A(7) and 
A(8):  (a) to provide a cross-liability clause for Delta and Operator and 
their respective affiliates, and their directors, officers, employees and 
agents; and (b) to provide contractual liability insurance coverage for 
liability assumed by Operator under this Agreement.
 
(4) As to any insurance obtained from foreign underwriters, to provide that 
Delta may maintain against such underwriters a direct action in the United 
States upon such insurance policies and, to this end, to include a standard 
service of process clause designating a United States attorney in 
Washington, D.C. or New York, New York.
 
 C. Operator shall cause each of the insurance policies to be duly and
 properly endorsed to provide that such policy or policies or any part or
 parts thereof shall not be canceled, terminated or materially altered,
 changed or amended by Operator’s insurance underwriters until after thirty
 (30) days’ written notice to Delta, which thirty (30) days’ notice shall
 commence to run from the date such notice is actually received by Delta.
 
 D. Not later than the Effective Date, and upon renewal thereafter or upon
 request by Delta, Operator shall furnish Delta evidence satisfactory to
 Delta of the aforesaid insurance coverages and endorsements, including
 certificates certifying that the aforesaid insurance policy or policies
 with the aforesaid limits are duly and properly endorsed as aforesaid and
 are in full force and effect.
 

 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 E. Operator shall not take any action, or fail to take any action, that
 will cause the insurance and endorsements required to be maintained by
 Operator pursuant to this Agreement to be invalidated.  In the event
 Operator fails to maintain in full force and effect any of the insurance
 and endorsements required to be maintained by Operator pursuant to Section 
 14A, Delta shall have the right (but not the obligation) to procure and
 maintain such insurance or any part thereof on behalf of Operator.  The
 cost of such insurance shall be payable by Operator to Delta upon demand
 by Delta.  The procurement of such insurance or any part thereof by Delta
 does not discharge or excuse Operator’s obligation to comply with the
 provisions set out herein.  Operator agrees not to cancel, terminate or
 materially alter, change or amend any of the policies until after
 providing thirty (30) days’ advance written notice to Delta of Operator’s
 intent to so cancel, terminate or materially alter, change or amend such
 policies of insurance, which thirty-day notice period shall commence to
 run from the date notice is actually received by Delta.
 
 F. With respect to all claims against Operator (but not against Delta)
 with respect to which Operator is not entitled to be indemnified by Delta
 pursuant to Section 12B, whether or not covered by the insurance policies
 set forth in this Article 14 or otherwise, Delta is responsible only for
 filing an initial report and has no other obligations with respect to such
 claims, and Operator is fully responsible for handling all adjustments,
 settlements, negotiations, litigation and similar activities in any way
 related to or connected with such claims.
 
 G. The parties hereby agree that from time to time during the term of this
 Agreement Delta may require Operator to procure and maintain insurance
 coverages in amounts in excess of the minimum amounts set forth in Section 
 14A should the circumstances and conditions of Operator’s operations under
 this Agreement be deemed, in Delta’s sole discretion, to require
 reasonable increases in any or all of the foregoing minimum insurance
 coverages; provided that such insurance coverages are reasonably
 obtainable in the insurance market and that the costs thereof are all Pass
 Through Costs.
 
ARTICLE 15
 
OPERATIONS OF OPERATOR AS A DELTA CONNECTION CARRIER
 
 A. Delta and Operator agree that, subject to the provisions of this
 Agreement, Operator will operate the Delta Connection Flights exclusively
 as a Delta Connection carrier.  Unless otherwise agreed by Delta, Operator
 will operate all Delta Connection Flights and the Aircraft with the
 passenger seat capacity permitted by law or regulation and otherwise as
 determined by Delta from time to time.  Operator shall not change any of
 the Aircraft specifications without the prior consent of Delta.
 
 B. Operator acknowledges and agrees that participation in the Delta
 Connection program obligates Operator to offer and maintain a
 professional, high quality level of service in terms of schedules,
 customer service and the like.  Accordingly, at the request of Delta, the
 parties will:  (1) meet to mutually review and discuss the services,
 operations and plans of Operator and Delta for the Delta Connection
 program; and (2) jointly develop a written business plan for the Delta
 Connection operations and services of Operator.  Operator will comply with
 the business plans so developed.
 

 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 C. Delta shall have the right, from time to time, to inspect Operator’s
 Delta Connection Service, including without limitation Operator’s
 in-flight service, flight, maintenance, technical operations, gate-check
 in service, ground operations, Aircraft cleaning and any and all other
 services and operations performed by Operator in connection with the Delta
 Connection Flights.  Such inspections may be announced or unannounced, but
 under no circumstances shall they interfere with the operation of
 Operator’s business.  Failure on the part of Delta to conduct such
 inspections shall not relieve Operator of its obligations to conform with
 the service and performance standards set forth in this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE 16
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
 A. Representations; Warranties and Covenants of Parent and Operator.  Each
 of Parent and Operator represents and warrants to Delta as of the date
 hereof as follows:
 
(1) Organization and Qualification.  Each of Parent and Operator is a duly 
organized and validly existing corporation in good standing under the laws 
of its state of incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to 
own, operate and use its assets and operate the Delta Connection Flights.
 
(2) Authority Relative to this Agreement.  Each of Parent and Operator has 
the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and 
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the 
terms hereof.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of each of Parent 
and Operator.  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and 
delivered by each of Parent and Operator and is, assuming due execution and 
delivery thereof by Delta and that Delta has full legal power and right to 
enter into this Agreement, a valid and binding obligation of each of Parent 
and Operator, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its 
terms.
 
(3) Conflicts; Defaults.  Neither the execution or delivery of this 
Agreement nor the performance by Parent and Operator of the transactions 
contemplated hereby will (a) violate, conflict with, or constitute a 
default under any of the terms of such entity’s articles of incorporation, 
by-laws, or any provision of, or result in the acceleration of any 
obligation under, any contract, sales commitment, license, purchase order, 
security agreement, mortgage, note, deed, lien, lease, agreement or 
instrument, including without limitation, any order, judgment or decree 
relating to the Delta Connection Flights, (b) result in the creation or 
imposition of liens in favor of any third person or entity, (c) violate any 
law, statute, judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation of any 
governmental authority, or (d) constitute any event which, after notice or 
lapse of time or both, would result in such violation, conflict, default, 
acceleration or creation or imposition of liens.
 

 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
(4) Broker.  Neither Parent nor Operator has retained or agreed to pay any 
broker or finder with respect to this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
(5) Compliance.  All air transportation services performed pursuant to this 
Agreement or otherwise by Operator shall be conducted in full compliance 
with all applicable statutes, orders, rules, regulations and notifications, 
whether now in effect or hereafter promulgated, of all governmental 
agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not 
limited to, the FAA, DOD, and DOT.  Operator’s compliance with such 
governmental statutes, orders, rules, regulations and notifications will be 
the sole and exclusive obligation of Operator, and Delta will have no 
obligation, responsibility, or liability, whether direct or indirect, with 
respect to such matters.
 
 B. Representations and Warranties of Delta.  Delta represents to each of
 Parent and Operator as of the date hereof as follows:
 
(1) Organization and Qualification.  Delta is a duly incorporated and 
validly existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State 
of Delaware and has the corporate power and authority to own, operate and 
use its assets and to operate the Delta Connection program.
 
(2) Authority Relative to this Agreement.  Delta has the corporate power 
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof.  The 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary 
corporate action on the part of Delta.  This Agreement has been duly and 
validly executed and delivered by Delta and is, assuming due execution and 
delivery thereof by Parent and Operator and that each of Parent and 
Operator has full legal power and right to enter into this Agreement, a 
valid and binding obligation of Delta, enforceable against Delta in 
accordance with its terms.
 
(3) Conflicts; Defaults.  Neither the execution or delivery of this 
Agreement nor the performance by Delta of the transactions contemplated 
hereby will (a) violate, conflict with, or constitute a default under any 
of the terms of Delta’s articles of incorporation, by-laws, or any 
provision of, or result in the acceleration of any obligation under, any 
contract, sales commitment, license, purchase order, security agreement, 
mortgage, note, deed, lien, lease, agreement or instrument, including 
without limitation, any order, judgment or decree relating to the Delta 
Connection Flights, (b) result in the creation or imposition of any liens 
in favor of any third person or entity, (c) violate any law, statute, 
judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, 
or (d) constitute any event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, 
would result in such violation, conflict, default, acceleration or creation 
or imposition of liens.
 

 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
(4) Broker.  Delta has not retained or agreed to pay any broker or finder 
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
(5) Compliance.  All air transportation-related actions performed pursuant 
to this Agreement or otherwise by Delta shall be conducted in full 
compliance with all applicable statutes, orders, rules, regulations and 
notifications, whether now in effect or hereafter promulgated, of all 
governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, 
but not limited to, the FAA, DOD, and DOT.  Delta’s compliance with such 
governmental statutes, orders, rules, regulations and notifications will be 
the sole and exclusive obligation of Delta, and neither Parent nor Operator 
will have any obligation, responsibility, or liability, whether direct or 
indirect, with respect to such matters.
 
ARTICLE 17
 
COVENANTS OF OPERATOR
 
Operator hereby covenants and agrees that:
 
 A. If requested by Delta at any time during the Term of this Agreement,
 Operator shall place its flight designator code on certain flights
 operated by Delta or an affiliate of Delta.
 
 B. During the Term of this Agreement, Operator shall not, on the same
 operating certificate as the Aircraft, own, lease or operate for any
 purpose any aircraft, whether for itself, Delta or another carrier, that
 will cause Delta to be in violation of its collective bargaining agreement
 with its pilots in effect as of the date hereof, or, with respect to
 Operator’s commencing the ownership, lease or operation of a new type or
 size aircraft in the future, as such agreement may have been amended at
 such time.  In furtherance of the above, if during the term of this
 Agreement, Operator operates a jet aircraft certificated in the United
 States with a Maximum Gross Take Off Weight greater than *** and
 certificated for *** or fewer passenger seats but configured with *** or
 fewer passenger seats for itself or a carrier other than Delta or an
 affiliate of Delta, then Operator shall not operate any jet aircraft
 configured with between *** and *** passenger seats for itself or a
 carrier other than Delta or an affiliate of Delta in any city pair that is
 served, on a non-stop basis by Delta or an affiliate of Delta.
 
 C. Operator shall not enter into any binding agreement or arrangement (or
 series of agreements or arrangements) with any third party (excluding any
 employee collective bargaining units) for the procurement of any goods or
 services relating to Operator, the Aircraft or operation of any of the
 Delta Connection Flights that will result in a material increase in
 Operator’s Pass Through Costs to perform its services hereunder without
 the prior written consent of Delta, which consent shall not be
 unreasonably withheld and shall be provided in a timely manner in order to
 permit Operator to satisfy its obligations hereunder (it being understood
 that Delta’s consent shall not be required if Operator does not pass any
 such increased costs to Delta as Pass Through Costs).
 

 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 D. At the request of Delta, Operator agrees to enter into such
 agreement(s) with another air carrier as may be necessary to implement
 share code-sharing on the Delta Connection Flights with such other air
 carrier.
 
 E. Operator agrees that any pilot furloughed by Delta will be given
 preferential new hire opportunities at Operator if such pilot completes
 all new hire paper work, meets all new hire airman and medical
 qualifications, satisfies background checks and successfully completes an
 interview and employment process, subject to any other preferences arising
 from existing contractual arrangements to which Parent or Operator is
 currently a party as of the Agreement Date.  Operator and Delta shall
 determine and implement mutually acceptable procedures and processes to
 effectuate the new hire opportunity commitment set forth above.  Delta
 agrees to offer preferential interviews for employment to airmen employed
 by Operator, subject to Delta’s objectives for diversity and experience
 among newly hired pilots.
 
 F. Operator shall file all reports and plans relating to its operations
 with the DOD, DOT, FAA, NTSB or any state or airport authority, and
 Operator shall promptly furnish Delta with copies of all such reports and
 such other available traffic and operating reports as Delta may request
 from time to time.  Additionally, Operator will promptly furnish Delta
 with a copy of every report and plan that Operator prepares, whether or
 not such report is filed with the FAA, NTSB or any other governmental
 agency, relating to any accident or incident involving an Aircraft when
 such accident or incident is claimed to have resulted in the death or
 injury to any person or the loss of, damage to or destruction of any
 property.
 
 G. All flight operations, dispatch operations and flights and all other
 operations undertaken by Operator pursuant to this Agreement shall be
 conducted and operated by Operator in strict compliance with all
 Governmental Regulations, including, without limitation, those relating to
 airport security, the use and transportation of hazardous materials,
 flight crew and mechanic qualifications and licensing requirements, crew
 training and hours.  All Aircraft shall be operated and maintained by
 Operator in strict compliance with all Minimum Maintenance Standards, all
 Governmental Regulations, Operator’s own operations manuals and
 maintenance manuals and procedures, and all applicable equipment
 manufacturer’s instructions.  No later than one (1) year after the
 Effective Date, Operator shall apply and close out its inspection to
 establish its registration as an IOSA Operator and maintain such
 registration at all times thereafter during the Term.  At all times,
 Operator shall operate with the highest standards of care.
 

 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 H. In the event Parent is no longer a public reporting company, Operator
 shall furnish to Delta (1) within forty-five (45) days after the end of
 each of the three interim calendar quarters, unaudited financial
 statements including Operator’s then current corporate balance sheet and
 profit and loss statement and (2) within ninety-one (91) days after the
 end of Operator’s fiscal year, Operator’s then current, audited financial
 statements including, either separately or on a consolidated basis, the
 balance sheet and the profit and loss statement, together with associated
 footnotes, and a copy of the independent auditor’s report. 
 Notwithstanding the reporting status of Parent, Operator shall furnish to
 Delta within ninety-one (91) days after the end of Operator’s fiscal year,
 a profit and loss statement with respect to Operator’s Delta Connection
 operations prepared by the rules and regulations promulgated by the
 Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, and certified by Operator’s chief financial officer.
 
ARTICLE 18
 
CONTRACT INTERPRETATION
 
 A. This Agreement is subject to, and will be governed by and interpreted
 in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, excluding conflicts
 of laws principles, and of the United States of America.  Any action or
 proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right
 arising out of, this Agreement may only be brought in the courts of the
 State of New York in New York County, or, if it has or can acquire
 jurisdiction, in the United States District Court for the Southern
 District of New York, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents
 to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate
 appellate courts) in any such action or proceeding and waives, to the
 fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to venue laid therein. 
 Process in any action or proceeding referred to in the proceeding sentence
 may be served on any party anywhere in the world.  Each party further
 agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury.
 
 B. The descriptive headings of the several articles and sections of this
 Agreement are inserted for convenience only, confer no rights or
 obligations on either party, and do not constitute a part of this
 Agreement.
 
 C. Time is of the essence in interpreting and performing this Agreement.
 
 D. This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto)
 constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to
 the subject matter hereof, and any other prior or contemporaneous
 agreements, whether written or oral, are expressly superseded hereby.
 
 E. If any part of any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
 unenforceable under applicable law, such part shall be ineffective to the
 extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only, without in any way
 affecting the remaining parts of such provision or the remaining
 provisions.
 
 F. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including
 via facsimile, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of
 which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 

 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 G. Because a breach of the provisions of this Agreement could not
 adequately be compensated by money damages, any party shall be entitled to
 an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach and to specific
 performance of any provision of this Agreement and, in either case, no
 bond or other security shall be required in connection therewith, and the
 parties hereby consent to the issuance of such injunction and to the
 ordering of specific performance.
 
 H. NO PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST PROSPECTIVE
 ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF.
 
ARTICLE 19
 
CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THE PARTIES’ CONTROL
 
With the exception of outstanding rights and obligations, and subject to 
Section 0 hereof, each party will be relieved of its obligations under this 
Agreement in the event, to the extent and for the period of time that 
performance is delayed or prevented caused by any acts of God, acts of 
terrorism or hostilities, war, strike, labor disputes, work stoppage, fire, 
act of government, court order, or any other act reasonably beyond the 
control of that party, including but not limited to, non-delivery or delay 
in delivery of the Aircraft or delay in the completion of required training 
of the Operator’s employees by the Aircraft manufacturer (each, a “Force 
Majeure Event”).
 
ARTICLE 20
 
NO LICENSE GRANTED
 
 A. This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to be, a license for
 either party to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or logos
 of the other party, or its affiliates, without such party’s prior written
 consent.
 
 B. Operator will conduct all operations described herein under the service
 mark “Delta Connection.”  Delta hereby grants to Operator a nonexclusive,
 nontransferable, non-sublicensable license to use certain trademarks,
 service marks, logos and trade names that Delta owns or has the right to
 use, including, “Delta,” “Delta Connection,” “SkyMiles,” and the Delta
 widget design (collectively, the “Delta Marks”) in connection with the
 services to be rendered by Operator pursuant to this Agreement; provided, 
 however, that at any time during the Term of this Agreement, Delta may
 alter, amend or revoke the license hereby granted and require Operator’s
 use of a new or different Delta Mark in connection with the services
 provided hereunder as Delta may determine in its sole discretion.
 

 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 C. Operator hereby acknowledges Delta’s right to use the Delta Marks,
 further acknowledges the validity of the Delta Marks, and agrees that it
 will not do anything in any way to infringe or abridge Delta’s, or any of
 its affiliates’, rights in the Delta Marks or directly or indirectly to
 challenge the validity of the Delta Marks.
 
 D. Except as set forth in Section 20B above, Operator shall not use any of
 the Delta Marks without Delta’s prior written consent.
 
 E. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give Operator the
 exclusive right to use any of the Delta Marks, or to abridge Delta’s right
 to use or license any of its trademarks, service marks, trade names or
 logos (collectively, “Identification”) and to license such other uses of
 such Identification as Delta or its affiliates may desire.
 
 F. Should this Agreement be canceled or otherwise terminated for any
 reason as set forth in Article 11 hereof, all right to use the Delta Marks
 shall revert to Delta and shall not thereafter be used by Operator in any
 form or fashion.
 
 G. Branding.
 
(1) Livery.  Each of the Aircraft shall be in the color scheme, including 
exterior paint and interior upholstery and appointments (“Livery”) of the 
Delta Connection Livery, as provided by Delta to Operator from time to 
time.  Any changes to the initial Livery of any of the Aircraft shall be 
done on a schedule as mutually agreed by the parties, and at Delta’s cost.
 
(2) On Board Branding.  Delta shall control all on board branding and 
in-flight materials including, without limitation, in-flight publications, 
food and beverage products, paper goods and service ware.  In the event of 
any change to the on-board branding or in-flight materials, Delta shall be 
responsible for reimbursing Operator for any reasonable costs and expenses 
incurred by Operator in connection therewith.  Operator shall be solely 
responsible for maintaining all licenses necessary for the serving of 
in-flight food and beverages on the Delta Connection Flights.
 

 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE 21
 
MODIFICATION AND WAIVER
 
No amendment, modification, supplement, termination or waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by either 
party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless in writing signed 
by authorized representatives of both parties, and then only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose given.
 
ARTICLE 22
 
NOTICES
 
Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests and other 
communications required or provided for hereunder shall be in writing 
(including telecopy or similar teletransmission or writing) and shall be 
given at the following addresses:
 
(1) If to Delta:
 
           Delta Air Lines, Inc.
           1030 Delta Boulevard
           Atlanta, Georgia  30354
           Dept. 915
           Attn: Vice President – Delta Connection
           Telecopy: 404.677.6247

       with copies to:

           Delta Air Lines, Inc.
           1030 Delta Boulevard
           Atlanta, Georgia  30354
           Dept. 981
           Attn: Executive V.P. and General Counsel
           Telecopy: 404.715.2233

(2) If to Parent or Operator:
 
           Pinnacle Airlines Corp.
           1689 Nonconnah Boulevard
           Suite 111
           Memphis, Tennessee  38132
           Attention:  Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel
           Telecopy:  901.348.4262

 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


       with copies to:

           Kevin P. Lewis
           Vinson & Elkins LLP
           1001 Fannin Street
           2500 First City Tower
           Houston, Texas  77002
           Telecopy:  713.615.5967

Any such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (a) if 
given by mail, upon the earlier of receipt or the third business day after 
such communication is deposited in the United States mails, registered or 
certified, with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid or (b) 
if given by any other means including, without limitation, by air courier, 
when delivered at the address specified herein.  Delta or Operator may 
change its address for notice purposes by notice to the other party in the 
manner provided herein.
 
ARTICLE 23
 
ASSIGNMENT
 
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of Delta, Parent and, 
subject to Article 27 below, Operator, and their respective successors and 
assigns; provided, however, neither party may assign or transfer this 
Agreement or any portion hereof to any person or entity except as provided 
in Article 27 or otherwise without the express written consent of the other 
party.  Any assignment or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, 
without such consent shall be null and void and of no force or effect.
 
ARTICLE 24
 
GOOD FAITH
 
Each party shall exercise good faith in its dealings with the other party 
hereto and in performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
 

 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
ARTICLE 25
 
CONFIDENTIALITY
 
 A. Except as otherwise provided below, each party shall, and shall ensure
 that its directors, officers, employees, affiliates and professional
 advisors (collectively, the “Representatives”), at all times, maintain
 strict confidence and secrecy in respect of all Confidential Information
 (as defined below) of the other party (including its affiliates) received
 directly or indirectly as a result of this Agreement.  If a party (the “
 Disclosing Party”) in good faith determines that it is required to
 disclose any Confidential Information of other party (the “Affected Party
 ”) in order to comply with any applicable law or government regulation, or
 under the terms of a subpoena or order issued by a court or governmental
 body, it shall (1) notify the Affected Party immediately of the existence,
 terms and circumstances surrounding such request, (2) consult with the
 Affected Party on the advisability of taking legally available steps to
 resist or narrow such request and (3) if any disclosure of Confidential
 Information is required to prevent the Disclosing Party from being held in
 contempt or subject to other legal penalty, furnish only such portion of
 the Confidential Information as it is legally compelled to disclose and
 use commercially reasonable efforts (at the cost of the party whose
 Confidential Information is being protected) to obtain an order or other
 reliable assurance that confidential treatment shall be accorded to the
 disclosed Confidential Information.  Each party agrees to transmit
 Confidential Information only to such of its Representatives as required
 for the purpose of implementing and administering this Agreement, and
 shall inform such Representatives of the confidential nature of the
 Confidential Information and instruct such Representatives to treat such
 Confidential Information in a manner consistent with this Article 25.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” shall mean (a) 
all confidential or proprietary information of a party, including, without 
limitation, trade secrets, information concerning past, present and future 
research, development, business activities and affairs, finances, 
properties, methods of operation, processes and systems, customer lists, 
customer information (such as passenger name record or “PNR” data) and 
computer procedures and access codes; and (b) the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and any reports, invoices or other communications between 
the parties given in connection with the negotiation or performance of this 
Agreement; and (c) excludes:  (i) information already in a party’s 
possession prior to its disclosure by other party; (ii) information 
obtained from a third person or entity that is not prohibited from 
transmitting such information to the receiving party as a result of a 
contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation to the party whose information 
is being disclosed; (iii) information that is or becomes generally 
available to the public, other than as a result of disclosure by a party in 
violation of this Agreement; or (iv) information that has been or is 
independently acquired or developed by a party, or its affiliate, without 
violating any of its obligations under this Agreement.
 

 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 25A to the contrary, the 
parties acknowledge that this Agreement may constitute a material contract 
for purposes of Parent’s disclosure obligations arising under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, and that Parent may make any such required disclosure, 
subject to the prior review by, and meaningful consultation with, Delta.
 
 B. Each party acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any breach of
 this Article 25, the Affected Party shall be irreparably and immediately
 harmed and could not be made whole by monetary damages.  Accordingly, it
 is agreed that, in addition to any other remedy at law or in equity, the
 Affected Party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions (without
 the posting of any bond and without proof of actual damages) to prevent
 breaches or threatened breaches of this Article 25 and/or to compel
 specific performance of this Article 25.
 
 C. The confidential obligations of the parties under this Article 25 
 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE 26
 
ANCILARY ARRANGEMENTS
 
A. During the Term, Operator shall each be entitled to make available for 
its eligible employees the travel privileges set forth on Schedule 26 
attached hereto in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
therein (the “Employee Pass Travel Privileges”).  Delta shall have the 
right, in its sole discretion, to change, alter, modify, reduce or 
discontinue the Employee Pass Travel Privileges at any time upon no less 
than sixty (60) days prior written notice to Operator.
 
 B.           Delta and Operator shall enter into a separate written
 agreement with respect to emergency response and family assistance
 services to be provided to Operator by Delta at no charge in connection
 with the Delta Connection Flights operated under this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE 27
 
PARENT GUARANTEE AND CHANGE OF OPERATOR
 
 A. Parent hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Delta the
 due and punctual performance by Operator of each of Operator’s
 obligations, agreements and covenants arising under this Agreement and
 under each term and condition hereof (collectively, the “Obligations”). 
 If Operator shall fail or be unable to perform any such Obligation as and
 when the same shall be required to be performed, then Parent, at its sole
 cost and expense, shall be obligated to promptly perform or cause to be
 promptly performed each such Obligation in accordance with the terms
 hereof and thereof.  This guaranty is a guaranty of payment, performance
 and compliance and not of collectibility and is in no way conditioned or
 contingent upon any attempt to collect from or enforce performance or
 compliance by Operator or upon any other event or condition whatsoever. 
 If for any reason any payment Obligation amount shall not be paid by
 Operator when due, Parent shall immediately pay such amount to the person
 entitled thereto pursuant to this Agreement, as if such amount constituted
 the direct and primary obligation of Parent and regardless of whether any
 person has taken any steps to enforce any rights against Operator to
 collect such amount.
 

 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 B. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, the obligations
 of Parent hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional, shall be
 continuing and remain in full force and effect until final and irrevocable
 payment or performance, and shall not be released, discharged, affected or
 impaired in any respect by:  (1) any amendment, modification, or
 cancellation of, or addition or supplement to this Agreement; (2) any
 exercise, acceleration, extension, compromise, settlement, non-exercise,
 waiver, release, or cancellation by Delta of any right, remedy, power or
 privilege under or related to this Agreement or any other guaranty of any
 obligations of Operator; (3) the invalidity or unenforceability, in whole
 or in part, of this Agreement; (4) any change in the corporate existence,
 structure or ownership of Operator or Parent or any insolvency,
 bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting either of
 them or their assets; or (5) any other occurrence, circumstance, happening
 or event whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing,
 whether foreseen or unforeseen, and any other circumstance which might
 otherwise constitute a legal or equitable defense, release or discharge of
 the liabilities of a guarantor or surety, or which might otherwise limit
 recourse against Parent.  If acceleration of the time for the performance
 or payment of any Obligation is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or
 reorganization of Operator, all Obligations that are subject to
 acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless be
 performed or payable hereunder by Parent.
 
 C. Parent hereby specifically agrees that it shall not be necessary or
 required as a condition to enforcement of the obligations hereunder
 against it, that there be (and Parent, to the fullest extent permitted by
 applicable law, specifically waives) diligence, presentment, or protest of
 any kind whatsoever with respect to this guaranty by Parent or the
 Obligations; such waiver includes, without limitation:  (1) presentment
 for payment upon Operator or Parent or the making of any protest; (2) any
 requirement to exhaust any remedies exercisable upon a default under this
 Agreement or to give any notice of non-performance or non-payment; (3) any
 other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or
 equitable discharge, release or defense of a guarantor or surety; or (4)
 so long as any Obligation remains outstanding, any right of subrogation by
 virtue of any performance or payment made hereunder.  Parent agrees that
 any payment or performance of the Obligations guaranteed hereunder or
 other act that tolls any statute of limitations applicable to enforcement
 of the Obligations shall similarly operate to toll any statute of
 limitations applicable to any liability of Parent pursuant to this Article
 27.  In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
 Parent waives the benefit and advantage of any and all valuation, stay,
 appraisement, extension or redemption laws which, but for this provision,
 agreement and waiver, might be applicable to any sale made under any
 judgment, order or decree of any court or otherwise based on the guaranty
 of Parent pursuant to this Article 27.  All waivers made by Parent in this
 Section 27C and elsewhere throughout this Article 27 are intentional and
 made by Parent after due consideration of all the consequences thereof.
 
 D. All of the terms and conditions of this Article 27 shall be binding
 upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective successors and
 assigns of the parties; provided that Parent may not assign, delegate or
 otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the
 consent of Delta.
 
 

  
 41
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  
  
  

  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement by their 
undersigned duly authorized representatives:
 
MESABA AVIATION, INC.


By: ***
Name: ***
Title:  Vice President


PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP.


By: ***
Name: ***
Title:  Vice President and General Counsel


DELTA AIR LINES, INC.


By: ***
Name: ***
Title: Senior Vice President – Delta Connection

--
 

 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A
 

 
AIRCRAFT
 
N422XJ
N423XJ
N424XJ
N417XJ
N426XJ
N427XJ
N428XJ
N429XJ
N430XJ
N433XJ
N434XJ
N435XJ
N436XJ
N437XJ
N438XJ
N439XJ
N441XJ
N442XJ
N443XJ
N444XJ
N445XJ
N446XJ
N447XJ
N448XJ
N449XJ
N450XJ
N451XJ
N452XJ
N453XJ
N454XJ
N456XJ
N457XJ

 

 

 

 

--
 
 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A-1
 

 
Retirement Dates
 

 
Aircraft
Retirement Date
N422XJ
***
N423XJ
***
N424XJ
***
N417XJ
***
N426XJ
***
N427XJ
***
N428XJ
***
N429XJ
***
N430XJ
***
N433XJ
***
N434XJ
***
N435XJ
***
N436XJ
***
N437XJ
***
N438XJ
***
N439XJ
***
N441XJ
***
N442XJ
***
N443XJ
***
N444XJ
***
N445XJ
***
N446XJ
***
N447XJ
***
N448XJ
***
N449XJ
***
N450XJ
***
N451XJ
***
N452XJ
***
N453XJ
***
N454XJ
***
N456XJ
***
N457XJ
***

 

 

--
 
 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Exhibit B
 

 
***
 

 

 

 

--
 
 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Exhibit C
 

 
RES SYSTEM EQUIPMENT
 

 
Equipment, as defined in Section 9(B)(1) of the Agreement, may be provided 
to Operator by Delta for installation at one or more of the following 
locations of Operator:
 

 
1.  
Headquarters

 
2.  
Dispatch

 
3.  
Training

 
4.  
Maintenance base for the Aircraft

 
5.  
Stations handled by Operator, if any.

 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 Schedule 10
 
MIMIMUM PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS
 
The minimum performance requirements will not apply during a performance 
period when there are ten (10) Aircraft or less under this Agreement.
 

 
1.  Completion Rate (actual):  ***or greater.
 

 

 
2.  On-time Arrivals:  *** of all flights flown or greater.
 

 

 

 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Schedule 26
 
Pass Travel Privileges
 
DELTA CONNECTION EMPLOYEE NON-REVENUE SPACE AVAILABLE PASS TRAVEL POLICIES
 
Effective Date:  June 1, 2009
 
***
 

 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

