 EX-10.2 3 ex10_2.htm TRANSITION AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version

 
TRANSITION AGREEMENT
 
This TRANSITION AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of July 
13, 2010 by and among, on one side, Toshiba Corporation, a Japanese 
corporation (“Toshiba”), and, on the other side, SanDisk Corporation, a 
Delaware corporation (“SanDisk Corporation”), and SanDisk Flash B.V., a 
company organized under the laws of The Netherlands (“SanDisk Flash”, and 
collectively with SanDisk Corporation, “SanDisk,” and SanDisk together with 
Toshiba, the “Parties”).
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba and SanDisk are parties to that certain FF Master 
Agreement; and,
 
WHEREAS, both Parties deem it desirable to establish terms and conditions 
which shall govern upon the occurrence of a Change of Control of SanDisk.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.  
Applicability
 
(a)  
Applicability.  Except as expressly provided herein, the provisions of this 
Agreement shall apply only if a Change of Control of SanDisk occurs during 
the term of the FF Master Agreement.
 
(b)  
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement 
shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Exhibit 1 attached 
hereto.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement or 
Exhibit 1 shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the FF 
Master Agreement and/or Appendix A thereto.
 
2.  
Change of Control Generally
 
(a)  
CIC Notice; SanDisk Obligation to Provide.  If, at any time during the term 
of the FF Master Agreement, a Change of Control of SanDisk occurs, SanDisk 
shall, within **** Business Days after the date in which the Change of 
Control has been consummated (as evidenced by **** (“CIC Closing Date”), 
provide a CIC Notice to Toshiba.  From and after **** with respect to a 
Change of Control of SanDisk, upon the request of the **** Acquirer, 
SanDisk shall introduce the **** Acquirer to Toshiba and facilitate good 
faith discussions between such **** Acquirer and Toshiba in a manner 
consistent with Government Rules or other applicable legal requirements.  
After the CIC Closing Date, upon the request of Toshiba, SanDisk shall 
introduce the Acquirer to Toshiba and facilitate discussions between the 
Acquirer and Toshiba.
 
(b)  
Toshiba Options.  Upon any Change of Control of SanDisk, Toshiba shall have 
the option, ****, to:
 
(i)  
continue the business of Flash Forward, and its participation therein, on 
the same basis as prior to such Change of Control, substituting the 
Acquiror (or related entity as designated by SanDisk) for SanDisk as a 
Member of Flash Forward and party to the FF Operative Documents in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 9.1 of the FF Operating 
Agreement;
 
(ii)  
give notice to SanDisk of its election to engage in Consultation, in which 
case SanDisk and Toshiba shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates 
to, so engage in Consultation;
 
(iii)  
if the Acquiror is a Designated Company, exercise the **** Buy-Out Option 
in accordance with Section ‎3(b) and Section ‎4 below; or
 
(iv)  
if the Acquiror is **** Designated Company in respect of the **** Buy-Out 
Option, exercise the **** Buy-Out Option in accordance with Section ‎3(b) 
and Section ‎5 below.
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
 
3.  
Change of Control Involving a Designated Company
 
(a)  
Toshiba Designation Right.  Toshiba shall have the right, for purposes of 
this Agreement, to designate **** companies as Designated Companies as of 
the Effective Date.  Toshiba may replace **** Designated Companies 
effective as of the **** and successively on each **** thereafter, provided 
that, as of the date it communicates such replacement to SanDisk in writing 
(which shall be no later than **** days prior to each such ****), Toshiba 
has no Knowledge or Awareness of any Active Acquisition Interest of a third 
party to be designated as a Designated Party as it relates to SanDisk.  
Each such notice shall specify (i) which Designated Company(ies) are being 
replaced, (ii) the newly chosen Designated Company(ies) and (iii) whether 
such replacements correspond in respect of the **** Buy-Out Option or 
****Buy-Out Option.
 
(b)  
Toshiba Election – Designated Company.  Upon a Change of Control of SanDisk 
involving a Designated Company, in addition to the rights of Toshiba 
described in Section ‎2(b)(i) and Section ‎2(b)(ii), Toshiba may Exercise 
one (1) (but not both) of the following options by providing a return 
notice (“Election Notice”)  (the date on which the Election Notice is 
delivered to SanDisk is an “Exercise Date”) to SanDisk indicating its 
election and Exercise thereof during the period beginning on the date that 
is **** after the CIC Closing Date and ending on the date that is **** 
after the CIC Closing Date:
 
(i)  
**** Buy-Out Option.  Toshiba may elect to purchase and acquire all (but 
not less than all) of (x) the FF Interests owned by SanDisk, or (y) Flash 
Forward capacity and **** equipment allocated to SanDisk; in each case at 
the **** Buy-Out Purchase Price, in a series of one or more successive 
closings over a period of **** commencing on the Initial Closing Date 
(“****Buy-Out Option”), subject to a foundry and supply arrangement with 
SanDisk, in each case in accordance with Section ‎4 below.
 
(ii)  
**** Buy-Out Option.  Toshiba may elect to purchase and acquire all (but 
not less than all) of (x) the FF Interests owned by SanDisk, or (y) Flash 
Forward capacity and **** equipment allocated to SanDisk; in each case for 
the **** Buy-Out Purchase Price, within **** after the CIC Closing Date 
(“****Buy-Out Option”), subject to a **** foundry and supply arrangement 
with SanDisk, in each case in accordance with Section ‎5 below.
 
(iii)  
For the avoidance of doubt, upon Toshiba’s election to purchase either (x) 
the FF Interests owned by SanDisk, or (y) the Flash Forward capacity and 
equipment allocated to SanDisk, as described in Section 3(b)(i) or (ii) 
above, at the Initial Closing Date, all successive purchases shall be 
solely within such category of (x) or (y).
 
(c)  
Termination of Options.  In the event that Toshiba fails to provide an 
Election Notice to SanDisk within the time period stated in Section ‎3(b), 
each of the **** Buy-Out Option and the **** Buy-Out Option shall 
terminate.  Either of the **** Buy-Out Option or the **** Buy-Out Option, 
as applicable, shall terminate upon Toshiba providing an Election Notice 
indicating its Exercise of the other option.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
if Toshiba fails to provide an Election Notice to SanDisk within the time 
period stated in Section 3(b), then SanDisk, if it is the surviving entity 
after the Change of Control, shall continue as the counterparty under the 
FF Operative Documents; if SanDisk is not the surviving entity, then the 
Acquirer shall be substituted for SanDisk as provided in Section 2(b)(i).
 
4.  
**** Buy-Out Option
 
(a)  
General.  In the event that Toshiba elects to Exercise the **** Buy-Out 
Option pursuant to Section ‎3(b)(i), each of Toshiba and SanDisk shall 
consummate Toshiba’s purchase of SanDisk’s FF Interests or Flash Forward 
capacity and equipment, as applicable, in accordance with this Section ‎
4(a).
 
(i)  
Election Notice; Binding Agreement.  The Election Notice shall indicate 
that Toshiba is Exercising its option hereunder and set forth (x) the 
percentage, which shall be between **** and **** of SanDisk’s FF Interests 
or Flash Forward capacity and equipment that Toshiba desires to initially 
purchase and (y) its desired closing date, which shall be no earlier than 
**** and no later than **** from the Exercise Date.  The Election Notice 
shall be irrevocable and, upon delivery of the same to SanDisk, shall 
constitute a binding agreement by Toshiba to purchase, and by SanDisk to 
sell the percentage of such FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and 
equipment specified in the initial Election Notice on the Initial Closing 
Date pursuant to this Section 4.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
(ii)  
Initial Closing Date; Deliveries.  The purchase of SanDisk’s FF Interests 
or  Flash Forward capacity and equipment, as applicable, pursuant to any 
Election Notice shall be completed on the date which Toshiba requests in 
the Election Notice, or such other date as may be mutually agreed by the 
Parties in writing (“Initial Closing Date”), except that such closing may 
be extended as necessary to comply with any Governmental Rule.  On the 
Initial Closing Date, SanDisk shall deliver duly executed instruments of 
transfer and other documents necessary to effect the conveyance of its FF 
Interests or Flash Forward capacity and equipment, and Toshiba shall 
deliver payment **** by wire transfer of immediately available funds **** 
an amount equal to the applicable **** Buy-Out Purchase Price to an account 
specified by SanDisk.
 
       Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, in the event that Toshiba
       elects to purchase SanDisk’s Flash Forward capacity and equipment,
       Toshiba shall deliver the **** Buy-Out Purchase Price, by wire
       transfer of immediately available funds **** to SanDisk by wire
       transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by
       SanDisk, provided that, such SanDisk equipment and capacity acquired
       by Toshiba hereunder shall be acquired pursuant to additional terms
       and procedures discussed and agreed in good faith by the Parties
       with due consideration for the terms and procedures set forth in
       ****.
 
(iii)  
**** Buy-Out Purchase Price.  The **** Buy-Out Purchase Price shall be 
determined as set forth in Schedule ‎4(a)(iii).
 
(iv)  
Successive Closings.  In the event that Toshiba elects to purchase less 
than **** of SanDisk’s FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and 
equipment, as applicable, on the Initial Closing Date, Toshiba shall issue 
a subsequent Election Notice **** prior to each **** and elect to purchase 
**** of SanDisk’s remaining FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and 
equipment in an amount which shall be between **** and **** of the such 
**** FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and equipment, as applicable.  
The closing of each such subsequent purchase shall take place on the 
applicable **** to which the Election Notice relates (“Successive Closing 
Date”).  In such case, the closing procedures in Section ‎4(a)(ii) and the 
**** Buy-Out Purchase Price in Schedule ‎4(a)(iii) in respect of such 
Successive Closing Date shall apply. Prior to any **** in the event that 
Toshiba elects to purchase SanDisk’s Flash Forward capacity and equipment, 
the Parties shall discuss and agree on mechanics for SanDisk to transfer 
****, and ****.
 
(v)  
**** Buy-Out by ****.  If by the **** Toshiba has not purchased **** 
SanDisk’s FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and equipment, as 
applicable, Toshiba shall purchase **** in accordance with the closing 
procedures in Section ‎4(a)(ii) at the applicable **** Buy-Out Purchase 
Price in Schedule ‎4(a)(iii).
 
(vi)  
SanDisk Non-JV Equipment.  Except as may otherwise be agreed between the 
Parties at the time: (x) any SanDisk equipment utilized in the production 
of  **** that is scheduled to be incorporated into **** but is not owned or 
leased by **** at the time of the Exercise shall be acquired by Toshiba 
****; and (y) any **** in **** that is not owned or leased by Flash Forward 
at the time of the Exercise shall remain the property of and be removed by 
SanDisk in a reasonable time and manner after mutual discussion, unless 
Flash Forward is at the time ****, in which case the Parties shall discuss 
in good faith with respect to treating any SanDisk **** equipment as 
equipment under subsection (x) of this Section 4(a)(vi).  Capacity output 
from SanDisk **** equipment used in the production of **** Products and 
purchased by Toshiba in accordance with this Section 4(a)(vi) shall be 
treated as **** Supply under this Agreement.
 
(vii)  
Loans and Support Obligations.  Prior to the Initial Closing Date, the 
Parties agree to discuss in good faith the **** related to the purchased 
SanDisk’s FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and equipment in a manner 
that ****.
 
(b)  
**** Product Supply.  Toshiba shall, and shall cause Flash Forward to, 
supply **** Products and, as applicable, ****, to SanDisk and the Acquirer 
(“****Product Supply”) from and after the Initial Closing Date for a period 
of **** (“**** Supply Period”); provided, that the **** Supply Period shall 
be no longer than ****.  Volumes and prices of the **** Product Supply 
shall be as described in this Section ‎4(b).
 
(i)  
**** Supply Volume.  SanDisk shall have the right to purchase, and Toshiba 
shall have the obligation to sell, the **** Product Supply in an amount 
equal to the **** (the “****Supply Volume”).
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
(ii)  
**** Product Supply.  The **** Product Supply shall be sourced from **** 
during the **** Supply Period, at all times in an amount equal to the 
aggregate **** Supply Volume.  SanDisk shall have an obligation to purchase 
****.  SanDisk shall not have the obligation to purchase ****.  Toshiba may 
reduce the **** Product Supply ****, by the **** Supply Amount after the 
Initial Closing Date in connection with certain technology transitions 
carried out by Toshiba as described in Section ‎4(b)(vi) below.
 
(iii)  
Prices for **** Product Supply.  Prices for the **** Product Supply shall 
be as follows:
 
       (A) **** Supply Prices.  ****
 
       (B) **** Supply Prices.  ****
 
(iv)  
**** Lead Time.  As to **** Supply, SanDisk shall be required to provide 
Toshiba with a rolling written **** forecast of the estimated **** 
requirements, and binding written purchase orders **** in advance.
 
(v)  
Capacity Expansions.  ****
 
(vi)  
Technology Transitions.
 
       (A) General.  Subject to Section ‎4(b)(vi)(B) below, after the
       Exercise Date, ****
 
       (B) ****
 
       ****
 
       (C) ****
 
           (1)  ****
 
           (2)  ****
 
       (D) ****
 
       (E) ****
 
5.  
**** Buy-Out Option
 
(a)  
General.  In the event that the Acquirer is **** Designated Company in 
respect of the **** Buy-Out Option as set forth in the ****, and Toshiba 
elects to exercise its **** Buy-Out Option pursuant to Section ‎3(b)(ii), 
Toshiba and SanDisk shall consummate the purchase and sale of the FF 
Interests owned by SanDisk or Flash Forward capacity and equipment 
allocated to SanDisk in accordance with this Section ‎5.
 
(b)  
Election Notice; Binding Agreement.  The Election Notice shall state (i) 
that Toshiba exercises its option hereunder and agrees to purchase **** of 
SanDisk’s FF Interests or **** of the Flash Forward capacity and equipment 
allocated to SanDisk on a closing date no earlier than **** and no later 
than **** after the date on which the **** Buy-Out Purchase Price is 
finally determined in accordance with Schedule ‎5(d).  The Election Notice 
shall be irrevocable and, upon delivery of the same to SanDisk, shall 
constitute a binding agreement by Toshiba to purchase, and by SanDisk to 
sell **** of the FF Interests or Flash Forward capacity and equipment 
specified in the Election Notice on the Buy-Out Closing Date pursuant to 
this Section 5.
 
(c)  
**** Buy-Out Closing.  The provisions set forth in Section ‎4(a)(ii) shall 
apply to the closing mechanics in respect to purchase and sale of the FF 
Interests under this Section ‎5, except that (i) the Initial Closing Date 
shall be referred to as the “**** Buy-Out Closing Date”, and (ii) the 
purchase price to be paid by Toshiba shall be the **** Buy-Out Purchase 
Price payable to SanDisk on the Payment Due Date.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
(d)  
**** Buy-Out Purchase Price.  The **** Buy-Out Purchase Price shall be 
determined as set forth in Schedule ‎5(d).
 
(e)  
**** Foundry Supply.  Commencing on the **** Buy-Out Closing Date and for a 
period of **** thereafter (“**** Foundry Period”), SanDisk shall have the 
right to receive continuing supply as described in ****.
 
6.  
Intellectual Property
 
(a)  
In the event of a Change of Control of SanDisk involving a Designated 
Company, each of SanDisk’s and Toshiba’s rights and obligations with 
respect to certain intellectual property rights shall be as set forth in 
Schedule ‎6.
 
7.  
Term and Termination
 
(a)  
Term.  This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by either 
Party as permitted herein.
 
(b)  
Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to ****:
 
(i)  
By the mutual written agreement of SanDisk and Toshiba;
 
(ii)  
In the event that either Party materially breaches any material provision 
of this Agreement and such breach is not cured within **** from the date of 
its receipt of written notice of such breach from the other Party, the 
non-breaching Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by 
giving **** prior written notice; and,
 
(iii)  
Automatically upon the expiration or termination of the FF Master Agreement 
due to reasons unrelated to this Agreement prior to the Exercise of any 
option by Toshiba under Sections ‎4 or ‎5.
 
(c)  
Survival.  Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement, the 
obligations under Sections 1, 7, and 8(e), (f), (g) and (h) and Appendix A 
shall survive any such termination.
 
8.  
General Provisions
 
(a)  
****
 
(i)  
****
 
(ii)  
****.
 
(b)  
Effect on the FF Joint Venture and FF Operative Documents.
 
(i)  
Management Rights.  ****
 
       ****
 
(ii)  
Access; Operations.  From and after the Exercise Date, notwithstanding 
****.
 
(iii)  
Effect on the FF Operative Documents.  FF Operative Documents in effect as 
of the Exercise Date will be modified to take into account the changed 
relationship of the Parties.
 
(iv)  
No Impairment.  Until the earlier of the final closing date under the **** 
Buy-Out Option or the **** Buy-Out Closing Date as applicable, Toshiba 
agrees not to take any action that would materially impair or diminish 
SanDisk’s rights hereunder, the value of the FF Joint Venture (including 
its business, operations, properties, assets or condition), SanDisk’s FF 
Interests or the Flash Forward capacity and equipment allocated to SanDisk, 
as applicable.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
(c)  
No Further Changes.  Except as expressly stated herein, in no event shall 
this Agreement, or the rights and obligations of SanDisk or Toshiba as set 
forth herein, have any effect upon, or otherwise modify, amend, or be 
deemed to interpret the Parties’ respective rights and obligations pursuant 
to ****.
 
(d)  
Further Assurances.  The Parties agree to cooperate to execute and deliver 
such further documents, certificates and agreements and to take such other 
actions as may be reasonably requested to evidence, reflect or effectuate 
the provisions, transactions and intentions of this Agreement.
 
(e)  
Rules of Construction and Documentary Conventions.  The rules of 
construction and documentary conventions and general terms and conditions 
set forth in Appendix A shall apply to this Agreement.
 
(f)  
Arbitration.  Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
shall be finally settled pursuant to the arbitration provisions of 
Appendix A, provided that provisions relating to the Board of Executive 
Officers shall not apply.
 
(g)  
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed and construed as to all 
matters including validity, construction and performance by and under the 
substantive laws of California, without regard to its conflicts of law 
provisions.
 
(h)  
Joinder of SanDisk Flash.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.9 of 
Appendix A, any other provision of this Agreement, and any delay beyond the 
date of hereof of execution by SanDisk Flash of this Agreement, Toshiba and 
SanDisk acknowledge and agree that, by the execution and delivery hereof to 
Toshiba and SanDisk Corporation: (i) this Agreement shall be effective as 
between Toshiba and SanDisk Corporation as of the date hereof; and (ii) 
upon the execution and delivery to Toshiba and SanDisk Corporation of this 
Agreement by SanDisk Flash, SanDisk Flash shall be joined as a Party to 
this Agreement, this Agreement shall be effective by and among Toshiba, 
SanDisk Corporation and SanDisk Flash as of the date written by the 
signature of the authorized signatory of SanDisk Flash, and SanDisk Flash 
shall enjoy and be subject to all rights and obligations hereunder from and 
after such date.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
 
 
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be 
executed and delivered as of the date and year first above written.
 
 
 
  	TOSHIBA CORPORATION
  	 By: 	 /s/ Kiyoshi Kobayashi
  	 Name: 	 Kiyoshi Kobayashi
  	 Title: 	 President and CEO
  	  	 Semiconductor Company
  	  	 Corporate Senior Vice President
  	  	 
  	 SANDISK CORPORATION
  	 By: 	 /s/ Eli Harari
  	 Name: 	 Eli Harari
  	 Title: 	 Chairman and CEO
  	  	 
  	 SANDISK FLASH B.V.
  	 By: 	 /s/ Sanjay Mehrotra
  	 Name: 	 Sanjay Mehrotra
  	 Title: 	 Director
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[Signature Page to Flash Forward Transition Agreement]

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 

 
Exhibit 1
 
Definitions
 
“**** Buy-Out Closing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎
5(c).
 
“**** Buy-Out Option” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎
3(b)(ii).
 
“**** Buy-Out Purchase Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule 
‎5(d).
 
“Acquirer” means ****.
 
“Active Acquisition Interest” ****
 
“Agreement” means that certain Transition Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof, between SanDisk and Toshiba, to which this Exhibit 1 is attached.
 
“Appendix A” means the appendix entitled Definitions, Rules of Construction 
and General Terms and Conditions, attached to the FF Master Agreement.
 
“Available Termination” means (i) any termination right provided for in 
Section 9.1 of the FF Master Agreement where the event giving rise to the 
termination right occurred prior to the Exercise; (ii) a Section 9.1(h) 
(Bankruptcy Event) termination any time prior to the final applicable 
closing under either of the buy-out options in Section 2(b)(iii) or (iv); 
and (iii) the expiration of the FF Master Agreement upon the end of its 
fifteen (15) year life.
 
“Change of Control”, for purposes of this Agreement, means any transaction 
involving SanDisk that includes ****.
 
“CIC Closing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎2(a).
 
“CIC Notice” means the written notice provided by SanDisk to Toshiba 
setting forth (i) that a Change of Control has occurred, (ii) the name of 
the Acquirer and (iii) the CIC Closing Date.
 
****
 
“Consultation” means good faith discussion between SanDisk and Toshiba to 
determine the most effective manner to continue, or the optimal disposition 
of, Flash Forward and/or its assets and operations, taking into account 
****.
 
“Continued Development Investment” ****.
 
“Designated Company(ies)” means, initially, (i) **** and (ii) **** 
identified in the **** as each of the foregoing designations may be 
subsequently modified from time to time, in each case including such 
companies’ Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
 
“Development Agreements” ****
 
****
 
“Election Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎3(b).
 
****
 
“Exercise” means Toshiba’s exercise of the **** Buy-Out Option or **** 
Buy-Out Option.
 
 
Ex. 1, p. 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
“Exercise Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎3(b).
 
“**** Product Supply” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).
 
“****Supply Period” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).
 
“**** Supply Volume” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b)(i).
 
“**** Supply” means the percentage of the **** Supply Volume that is ****
 
“FF Master Agreement” means that certain Flash Forward Master Agreement, 
among Toshiba, SanDisk and SanDisk Flash, dated as of July 13, 2010.
 
“Initial Closing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎
4(a)(ii).
 
“****Supply” means the percentage of the **** Supply Volume that is ****
 
“Knowledge or Awareness” means that executives or officers responsible for 
**** possess specific knowledge of a matter from (i) **** (ii) **** (iii) 
**** or (iv) ****.
 
“****Foundry Period” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎5(e).
 
“**** Cost” means ****.
 
“Member” shall have the meaning set forth in the FF Operating Agreement.
 
“Non-Designated Company(ies)” means all third parties other than Designated 
Companies.
 
“Payment Due Date” means a date that is **** after the **** Buy-Out Closing 
Date.
 
 “****Supply Amount” ****
 
“**** Buy-Out Option” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎3(b)(i)
.
 
“**** Buy-Out Purchase Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule 
‎4(a)(iii).
 
“Successive Closing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section ‎
4(a)(iv).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
******
 
Ex. 1, p. 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
Schedule ‎4(a)(iii)
 
**** Buy-Out Purchase Price
 
The “**** Buy-Out Purchase Price” shall mean, as of the Initial Closing 
Date or any Successive Closing Date, the amount equal to either of:
 
(a)  
****
 
or, if applicable,
 
(b)  
****
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
******
 
Schs., p. 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
Schedule 5(d)
 
****  Buy-Out Purchase Price
 
The “**** Buy-Out Purchase Price” shall be an amount of United States 
Dollars and be determined in accordance with ****
 
****

    ****

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
******
 
Schs., p. 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.2
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
Schedule ‎6
 
Intellectual Property
 
(a)  
General.  From and after the Exercise Date, the provisions of this 
Schedule 6 will apply.
 
(b)  
Definitions.
 
    “Continued Development Support” means SanDisk’s participating in **** 
    and supporting joint development with respect to a Segment after a
    Change of Control of SanDisk involving a Designated Company, in a
    manner ****.
 
    “License” means a worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free,
    right and license, sublicenseable only to the extent expressly set
    forth in this Schedule 6, to use, practice and exploit **** the
    Transferred Technology, and to have made products only to the extent
    expressly set forth in this Schedule 6.
 
    “Non-Patent Rights” means, as to a Party, all copyrights, mask work
    rights, trade secret rights, and all other intellectual property,
    industrial property or proprietary rights (whether or not subject to
    statutory registration) other than patents, patent applications,
    trademarks and trademark applications, in each case (i) which are owned
    by such Party or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) under which such Party
    or any of its Affiliates has the right to grant a License of the scope
    set forth herein without incurring any royalty or other payments to any
    third party.
 
    “Segment” means **** segments of Technology, or product segments, or
    any other products or Technology, ****.
 
    “Technology” means all technology, research, development, ideas,
    inventions, knowledge, know how, technical information (whether or not
    patentable) and intellectual property of any kind, ****.
 
    “Transferred” means ****.
 
    “Transferred Technology” means Technology that is Transferred (i) **** 
    or (ii) ****.
 
(c)  
****
 
    (i) ****; and
 
    (ii) ****
 
(d)  
License to Technology.
 
    (i) Grant of License to Transferred Technology.  ****
 
    (ii) ****
 
(e)  
Grant of License to Certain Other Technology.  ****
 
(f)  
Patent Cross License.  ****
 
(g)  
No Other Amendments.  Except as expressly provided in this Schedule 6, in 
no event shall this Schedule 6, or the rights and obligations of SanDisk or 
Toshiba as set forth herein, have any effect upon, or otherwise modify, 
amend, or be deemed to interpret the Parties’ respective rights and 
obligations pursuant to ****.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schs., p. 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
 
 
 
 
 
 