 EX-10 2 w57577bpexv10.txt EX-10 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in this 
Registration Statement on Form N-4 of the Polaris II A-Class, Polaris II 
Asset Manager, and Polaris II A-Class Platinum Series Variable Annuities 
for Variable Annuity Account Seven of SunAmerica Annuity and Life Assurance 
Company of our report dated April 27, 2010, relating to the consolidated 
financial statements of SunAmerica Annuity and Life Assurance Company at 
December 31, 2009 and 2008, and for each of the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 2009. We also consent to the incorporation by reference 
in such Registration Statement of our report dated August 25, 2010, 
relating to the statement of assets and liabilities, including the schedule 
of portfolio investments, of Variable Annuity Account Seven at April 30, 
2010, and the related statement of operations for the year then ended, and 
the related statement of changes in net assets for each of the two years in 
the period then ended. We also consent to the incorporation by reference in 
such Registration Statement of our report dated April 30, 2010, relating to 
the statutory statements of admitted assets and liabilities, capital and 
surplus of American Home Assurance Company as of December 31, 2009 and 
2008, and the related statutory statements of income and changes in capital 
and surplus, and of cash flow for the three years in the period ended 
December 31, 2009. We also consent to the incorporation by reference in 
such Registration Statement of our report dated February 26, 2010, except 
with respect to our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
insofar as it relates to the change in presentation of discontinued 
operations and segments discussed in Note 1, which is as of November 5, 
2010, relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules 
and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which 
report appears in the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5, 2010 of 
American International Group, Inc. We also consent to the reference to us 
under the heading "Financial Statements" in such Registration Statement. 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Los Angeles, California November 5, 2010