 EX-10.85 8 ex10-85.htm EXHIBIT 10.85 PROMISSORY NOTE
Exhibit 10.85
 
 
CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.  THE SYMBOL “[***]” HAS BEEN INSERTED IN PLACE OF 
THE PORTIONS SO OMITTED.




PROMISSORY NOTE
Due July 15, 2015

Atlanta, Georgia
July 1, 2010
$62,000,000



FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of Pinnacle Airlines Corp., a Delaware corporation 
(“PAC”), Pinnacle Airlines, Inc., a Georgia corporation (“PAI”), and Mesaba 
Aviation, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (“Mesaba” and, together with PAC 
and PAI, individually “Borrower” and collectively “Borrowers”), hereby 
jointly and severally promises to pay to the order of Delta Air Lines, Inc. 
(“Delta”), or its assignees on July 15, 2015 the principal sum of SIXTY-TWO 
MILLION DOLLARS ($62,000,000) (or, if less, the then remaining outstanding 
principal amount) together with interest on the outstanding principal 
amount hereof at a rate per annum equal to 12.5% calculated on the basis of 
a year comprised of 365 (or where appropriate 366) days (without 
compounding), payable on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 
(each, a “Repayment Date”), commencing October 15, 2010, and at maturity 
(whether by required prepayment, acceleration, declaration or otherwise) 
and thereafter on demand.  Any portion of the principal amount hereof which 
is not paid at maturity (as aforesaid) shall thereafter bear interest at a 
rate per annum until paid equal to the sum of 2% plus the then applicable 
interest rate hereunder from time to time.

The principal amount of this Note is subject to increase in accordance with 
Section 1.4(d) of the Stock Purchase Agreement.

SECTION 1.  Principal Payments.  The Borrowers shall make payments of the 
outstanding principal amount hereof in installments on each January 15, 
April 15, July 15 and October 15, commencing October 15, 2010 and 
continuing through July 15, 2015, in an amount equal in the case of each 
such installment to ***.  Any increase in the principal amount of this Note 
pursuant to Section 1.4(d) of the Stock Purchase Agreement shall result in 
a pro rata increase in each of the then remaining installments payable 
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence.
 
In addition, Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time with at least 
one Business Day’s prior notice to Delta, prepay without premium or penalty 
all, or any portion in an integral multiple of $100,000, of the principal 
amount hereof (each such prepayment to be accompanied by the payment of all 
interest accrued through the date of such prepayment on the principal 
amount prepaid and to be applied against all remaining installments in the 
inverse order of the maturity thereof).
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
SECTION 2.  Payments etc.  Both principal and interest are payable in 
lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds 
to such account of Delta as Delta may notify to Borrowers from time to 
time, free and clear of, and without deduction for or on account of, any 
and all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, 
withholdings and all liabilities with respect thereto.  Whenever any 
payment to be made hereunder shall otherwise be due on a day which is not a 
Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business 
Day and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in 
connection with such payment.  Unless Delta otherwise elects upon at least 
three Business Days’ prior written notice to PAC, payments of principal 
hereof and interest hereon in each case due and payable shall be made on 
the applicable Repayment Date by deductions from amounts due and payable to 
Borrowers under the Connection Carrier Agreement as described in clause 
(ii) of the definition of “Connection Carrier Agreement” in the manner set 
forth therein; provided, however, that if an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing, Delta shall have the right to deduct such 
amount from amounts due and payable to Borrowers under any Connection 
Carrier Agreement.
 
SECTION 3.  Representations and Warranties.  Each Borrower represents and 
warrants as of the date hereof as follows (it being agreed that any 
representation or warranty made herein with respect to Mesaba shall be made 
solely with respect to the time period after the Closing Date (as such term 
is defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement)):
 
    (a) Each Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
    in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation and
    is duly qualified to do business and in good standing as a foreign
    corporation in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business
    requires such qualification, except for such failures to be qualified
    and in good standing, if any, that when taken together with all other
    such failures could not be reasonably expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect.

    (b) Each Borrower’s execution, delivery and performance of this Note
    and each other document or instrument to which it is a party delivered
    in connection herewith (including the Security Agreement) are within
    such Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all
    necessary corporate action, and do not contravene

       (i) such Borrower’s charter or by-laws;

       (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Borrower
       (including without limitation, Regulation G, T, U or X of the Board
       of Governors of the Federal Reserve System); or

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



       (iii) any contractual restriction binding on or affecting such
       Borrower;

    except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) above, to the extent
    such contravention could not be reasonably expected to result in a
    Material Adverse Effect.

    (c) No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or
    filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required
    for (i) the due execution, delivery and performance of this Note by
    each Borrower or (ii) the due execution, delivery and performance of
    the Security Agreement by each of PAC and Mesaba, other than (x) the
    filing of any applicable Uniform Commercial Code financing statements,
    and (y) those listed on Schedule 4.4 to the Stock Purchase Agreement.

    (d) Each of this Note and the Security Agreement is the legal, valid
    and binding obligation of each Borrower that is a party thereto
    enforceable against each such Borrower in accordance with its terms,
    except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by (A) applicable
    bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer
    or other similar laws (whether statutory, regulatory or decisional),
    now or hereafter in effect, affecting the enforcement of creditors’
    rights generally and (B) the application of general principles of
    equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
    proceeding at law or in equity).

    (e) PAC’s audited consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2009,
    and PAC’s related audited consolidated statements of income and
    stockholders’equity for the fiscal year then ended, copies of which
    have been furnished to Delta, fairly present in all material respects
    PAC’s consolidated financial condition as at such date and the results
    of its consolidated operations for the period ended on such date, all
    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
    consistently applied.

    (f) There is no action, suit or proceeding pending against, or, to any
    Borrower’s knowledge (which knowledge in the case of Mesaba shall be
    limited to the extent of “Seller’s Knowledge” as such term is defined
    and used in Section 3.7 of the Stock Purchase Agreement), threatened
    against or affecting, any Borrower before any court or arbitrator or
    any governmental body, agency or official which has had or could be
    reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


    (g) No Borrower is an “investment company”, or a company “controlled”
    by an “investment company”, within the meaning of the Investment
    Company Act of 1940, as amended; nor is any Borrower a “holding
    company”, a “subsidiary company” of a “holding company”, or an
    “affiliate” of a “holding company” or of a “subsidiary company” of a
    “holding company”, within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding
    Company Act of 1935, as amended.

    (h) No Borrower is in default under any of its obligations to banks or
    other financial institutions or with respect to any Federal or state
    agency which default has had or could be reasonably expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect.

    (i) PAC has no subsidiaries except PAI, Mesaba and Colgan.

    (j) Each of PAI and Mesaba is a citizen of the United States (as
    defined in Section 40102(a)(15) of Title 49 of the United States Code)
    holding a carrier operating certificate issued by the Secretary of
    Transportation pursuant to Chapter 447 of Title 49 of the United States
    Code (or any successor provision) for aircraft capable of carrying ten
    or more individuals or 6,000 pounds or more of cargo.

    (k) Each employee benefit plan (as defined in the Employment Retirement
    Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”)) of PAC and PAI is in
    full compliance with all applicable requirements of ERISA and the
    Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, no steps have been taken to
    terminate any such plan and no contribution failure has occurred with
    respect to any such plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under ERISA,
    except in each case as could not be reasonably expected to result in a
    Material Adverse Effect.  No condition exists or event or transaction
    has occurred with respect to any such plan which might result in the
    incurrence by PAC or PAI of any material liability, fine or penalty.

    (l) All factual information heretofore or contemporaneously furnished
    by or on behalf of any Borrower in writing to Delta for purposes of or
    in connection with this Note or any transaction contemplated hereby is,
    and all other such factual information hereafter furnished by or on
    behalf of any Borrower in writing to Delta will be, taken as a whole,
    true and accurate in every material respect on the date as of which
    such information is dated or certified, and such information is not, or
    shall not be, as the case may be, incomplete by omitting to state any
    material fact necessary to make such information not materially
    misleading.

SECTION 4.  Affirmative Covenants.  So long as any amount under this Note 
remains unpaid, PAC will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to:
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
     (a) Maintain Property.  Keep all material tangible property useful and
     necessary in its business in good working order and condition,
     ordinary wear and tear excepted; maintain, with financially sound and
     reputable insurance companies, insurance on all of its material
     property (subject to customary deductibles), in at least such amounts
     and against at least such risks, as are usually insured against in the
     same general area by companies of established repute engaged in the
     same or a similar business; and furnish to Delta all information as to
     the insurance carried upon reasonable request.

     (b) Business Activities.  Continue to engage solely in the business in
     which it is engaged on the date hereof and activities incidental and
     related thereto, except that Mesaba or PAI may merge with and into PAI
     or Mesaba (as the case may be) or Colgan, provided that after giving
     effect to such merger no Event of Default, and no event which with the
     giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of
     Default, shall have occurred and be continuing.

     (c) Books and Records.  Keep proper books of record and account in
     conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, and permit
     Delta representatives to visit and inspect any of its properties, to
     examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records and to
     discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its officers,
     employees and independent public accountants, all with reasonable
     advance written notice, at their own expenses, during normal business
     hours for no more than one time each year as long as no Event of
     Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to customary
     confidentiality obligations.

     (d) Compliance with Laws etc.  Comply in all material aspects with all
     applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to
     include paying before the same become delinquent all taxes,
     assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon any of
     its properties except to the extent contested in good faith and by
     appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently pursued.

     (e) Reporting Requirements.  Furnish to Delta (it being agreed that
     the filing of any publicly available reports and registration
     statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national
     securities exchange shall satisfy the relevant reporting requirement
     under this clause (e)):

         (i) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the
         end of each of PAC’s first three quarters of each of its fiscal
         years, PAC’s consolidated balance sheets as of the end of such
         quarter and consolidated statements of income and stockholders’
         equity for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal
         year and ending with the end of such quarter, certified by PAC’s
         chief financial officer;

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



         (ii) as soon as available and in any event with 90 days after the
         end of each of PAC’s fiscal years, a copy of PAC’s annual report
         for such year containing financial statements for such year
         certified without a going concern or similar qualification and
         without a qualification as to the scope of the audit by Ernst &
         Young LLP or other independent public accountants reasonably
         acceptable to Delta;

         (iii) not later than 10 days after each date as of which liquidity
         is measured in accordance with Section 5(g), a statement of the
         cash and cash equivalents balance of PAC and its subsidiaries as
         of the close of such date;

         (iv) as soon as possible and in any event within five days after
         any senior officer of any Borrower has actual knowledge of any
         Event of Default or any event which, with the giving of notice or
         lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default,
         continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of PAC’s
         chief financial officer setting forth details of such Event of
         Default or event and the action which Borrowers have taken and
         propose to take with respect thereto;

         (v) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all
         reports which PAC makes available to any of its security holders;

         (vi) promptly after the filing or receiving thereof, copies of all
         material reports and notices which PAC or any of its subsidiaries
         files under ERISA with the Internal Revenue Service or the Pension
         Benefit Guaranty Corporation or the U.S. Department of Labor or
         which PAC or any of its subsidiaries receives from such
         corporation or any other government agency, in each case other
         than in the ordinary course of business; and

         (vii) upon written request from Delta on the basis of its
         reasonable belief that a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or
         is reasonably likely to occur, such other information respecting
         the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of PAC or any
         of its subsidiaries, in each case subject to applicable
         confidentiality obligations.

         All financial statements furnished pursuant to this clause (e) 
         shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
         principles applied on a basis consistent with those used in the
         preparation of financial statements described in clause (e) of 
         Section 3.

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



     (f) Air Carrier Status.  Cause each of PAI and Mesaba to remain a
     certificated air carrier in accordance with the provisions of clause 
     (j) of Section 3 (except as permitted by clause (b) of this Section
     4).

SECTION 5.  Negative Covenants.  So long as any amount under this Note 
remains unpaid, PAC will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries 
to:
 
     (a) Debt.  Create or suffer to exist any Debt other than (i) Debt
     under this Note, (ii) Debt outstanding on the date hereof and
     indentified in Schedule I hereto, (iii) Debt created with the prior
     written consent of Delta, (iv) Debt secured by a Permitted Lien, (v)
     Debt owed to any other Borrower and subordinated to the Debt under
     this Note and (vi) other unsecured Debt.

     (b) Liens, etc.  Create or suffer to exist any lien, security interest
     or other charge or encumbrance, or any other type of preferential
     arrangement, upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether
     now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive
     income, other than (i) the Security Agreement and (ii) Permitted
     Liens.

     (c) Dividends.  Declare or make any dividend payment or other
     distribution of assets, properties, cash, rights, obligations or
     securities on account of any shares of any of its classes of capital
     stock, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value any shares
     of any of its classes of capital stock or any warrants, rights, or
     options to acquire any such shares, now or hereafter outstanding,
     except cash dividends paid by any subsidiary of PAC to PAC, provided 
     that, both prior to and after such dividend payment, there shall not
     be any Event of Default or any event which, with the giving of notice
     or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default.

     (d) Loans and Advances.  Make any loan or advance to any Person,
     except for (i) any loan or advance to any Borrower, (ii) travel and
     other ordinary course of business advances to officers and employees
     and (iii) without limiting clause (i), other loans or advances to
     Persons who are not directors, officers, employees or affiliates of
     PAC or any of its subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding principal
     amount with respect to all such other loans and advances not in excess
     of ***.

     (e) Transactions with Affiliates.  Enter into any transaction or
     series of related transactions with any of its affiliates, other than
     on terms and conditions substantially as favorable to it as would
     reasonably be obtained by it at that time in a comparable arms-length
     transaction with a Person other than an affiliate.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



     (f) Mergers, etc.  PAC shall not merge or consolidate with or into any
     Person unless PAC is the surviving entity of such merger or
     consolidation and after giving effect to such merger or consolidation,
     no Event of Default, and no event which, with the giving of notice or
     lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have
     occurred and be continuing.

     (g) Minimum Liquidity.  Permit the sum of all cash and cash
     equivalents of PAC and its subsidiaries to be less than *** as of the
     close of business on the last day of each calendar month (and if such
     day falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the first Business
     Day in the next calendar month); provided that the covenant in this 
     clause (g) shall no longer be applicable at any time when the
     aggregate outstanding principal amount under this Note is less than
     ***.

     (h)      Annual Financial Test.  At any time when PAC is not a
     reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended, permit the ratio of Consolidated EBITDAR to Consolidated
     Fixed Charges for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
     ending on or after September 30, 2010 to be less than ***.

     “Consolidated EBITDAR” shall for any period mean the consolidated
     operating income of PAC and its subsidiaries for such period plus (i)
     consolidated aircraft operating rental expenses of PAC and its
     subsidiaries for such period plus (ii) amortization and depreciation
     that were deducted in arriving at the amount of such consolidated
     operating income for such period plus (iii) interest income of PAC and
     its subsidiaries for such period, all as determined on a consolidated
     basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
     applied on a basis consistent with those used in the preparation of
     the financial statements referred to in clause (e) of Section 3.

     “Consolidated Fixed Charges” shall for any period mean the total
     consolidated interest expense of PAC and its subsidiaries for such
     period (calculated without regard to any limitations on the payment
     thereof) plus the total consolidated aircraft operating rental
     expenses of PAC and its subsidiaries for such period, all as
     determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally
     accepted accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with
     those used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to
     in clause (e) of Section 3.

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION 6.  Events of Default.  If any of the following events (“Events of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing:
 
     (a) Borrowers fail to pay

     (i) any principal of this Note when due;

     (ii) any interest on this Note within five (5) Business Days after the
     date when due; or

     (iii) any other amounts payable under this Note within ten (10)
     Business Days after the date when due;

     (b) any representation or warranty made by any Borrower in or in
     connection with this Note proves to have been incorrect in any
     material respect when made and, if such incorrectness can be remedied,
     such incorrectness remains unremedied for seven (7) days after written
     notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Delta;

     (c) any Borrower fails to perform or observe any covenant or agreement
     contained in Section 5 and, if such failure can be remedied, such
     failure remains unremedied for seven (7) days after written notice
     thereof is given to Borrowers by Delta;

     (d) any Borrower fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant
     or agreement contained in this Note or the Security Agreement on its
     part to be performed or observed and any such failure remains
     unremedied for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given
     to Borrowers by Delta;

     (e) any event or condition occurs which results in the acceleration of
     the maturity of any indebtedness for borrowed money of any Borrower
     exceeding *** in aggregate principal amount at the time outstanding or
     which permits (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both,
     would enable) the holder of such indebtedness for borrowed money or
     any Person acting on such holder’s behalf to accelerate the maturity
     thereof;

     (f) any default occurs under any lease or leases by any Borrower as
     lessee of any real or personal property under which the aggregate
     rentals payable under such lease or all such leases in the aggregate
     exceed ***;

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



     (g) PAC or any of its subsidiaries admits in writing its inability to
     pay debts, or make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;
     or any proceeding is instituted by or against PAC or any of its
     subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or
     seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it
     or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
     reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking appointment of a
     receiver, trustee or other similar official for PAC or any of its
     subsidiaries or for any substantial part of its property and such
     proceeding (if instituted against PAC or any of its subsidiaries) is
     not dismissed or stayed within 60 days of the commencement thereof; or
     PAC or any of its subsidiaries takes any corporate action to authorize
     any of the actions set forth in this clause (f);

     (h) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in
     excess of *** in the aggregate shall be rendered against any Borrower
     and such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied and unstayed for
     a period of 60 days;

     (i) any Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or
     agreement contained in any other agreement with Delta or any of its
     affiliates on its part to be performed or observed which failure has
     resulted in an event of default thereunder;

     (j) any of the following events shall occur with respect to any
     employee benefit plans of PAC or any of its subsidiaries, except in
     each case as could not be reasonably expected to result in a Material
     Adverse Effect: the institution by any Borrower of any steps to
     terminate any such plan; or a contribution failure occurs with respect
     to any such plan sufficient to give rise to a lien under ERISA; or

     (k)       ***;

then, if any Event of Default described in the preceding clause (g) shall 
occur, the outstanding principal amount of this Note and other obligations 
hereunder and under the Security Agreement shall automatically be and 
become immediately due and payable, without notice or demand.  If any Event 
of Default (other than any Event of Default described in the preceding 
clause (g)) shall occur for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, 
and be continuing, Delta may by notice to the Borrowers declare all or any 
portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and other 
obligations hereunder and under the Security Agreement to be due and 
payable, whereupon the full unpaid amount of this Note and other 
obligations which shall be so declared due and payable shall be and become 
immediately due and payable, without further notice, demand or presentment.
 

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
SECTION 7.  Amendments, etc.  No amendment to or waiver of any provision of 
this Note or any other document or instrument delivered in connection 
herewith, nor consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, will in 
any event be effective unless the same is in writing and signed by Delta 
and the Borrowers and then such amendment, waiver or consent will be 
effective only in the specified instance and for the specific purpose for 
which given.
 
SECTION 8.  Notices, etc.  All notices and other communications provided 
for hereunder must be in writing (including facsimile communication) and 
mailed or facsimiled or delivered, if to Borrowers, at Pinnacle Airlines 
Corp., 1689 Nonconnah Blvd., Suite 111, Memphis, TN 38132, Fax No: 
901-348-4103, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, with a copy to: Pinnacle 
Airlines Corp., 1689 Nonconnah Blvd., Suite 111, Memphis, TN 38132, Fax No: 
901-348-4103, Attention: General Counsel (and notice given to such address 
shall be deemed to be notice to all Borrowers); and if to Delta, at 1030 
Delta Boulevard, Department 856, Atlanta, GA 30354, Fax No: 404-773-7345, 
Attention: Senior Vice President and Treasurer; or, as to Borrowers and 
Delta, at such other address as designated by any party in a written notice 
to the other parties.  All such notices and communications will, when 
mailed or facsimiled, be effective when received in the mails or sent by 
facsimile (receipt confirmed), respectively, addressed as aforesaid.
 
SECTION 9.  Accounting and Certain Other Terms.  All accounting terms not 
specifically defined herein shall be construed and consistently applied in 
accordance with those generally accepted accounting principles applied in 
the preparation of the financial statements referred to in clause (e) of 
Section 3, except as otherwise stated herein.  In addition, for purposes of 
this Note, the following terms will have the following meanings:
 
    “Connection Carrier Agreement” means (i) that certain Delta Connection
    Agreement dated as of April 27, 2007 among Delta, PAC and PAI (as such
    agreement may be amended, modified or replaced from time to time); (ii)
    that certain Second Amended and Restated Airline Services Agreement
    dated as of July 1, 2010 among Delta, PAC, PAI and Mesaba (as such
    agreement may be amended, modified or replaced from time to time);
    (iii) that certain Saab 340B+ Delta Connection Agreement dated as of
    July 1, 2010 among PAC, Mesaba and Delta (as such agreement may be
    amended, modified or replaced from time to time) and (iv) that certain
    Delta Connection Agreement dated as of July 1, 2010 among PAC, PAI,
    Mesaba and Delta (as such agreement may be amended, modified or
    replaced from time to time).

    “Business Day” means a day on which banks are not required or
    authorized to close in Atlanta, Georgia or Minneapolis, Minnesota.

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



    “Colgan” means Colgan Air, Inc., a Virginia corporation.

    “Debt” means, when used with reference to any Person:

    (i)           indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money,
 
    (ii)           obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
    debentures, notes or other similar instruments,
 
    (iii)           obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase
    price of property or services (other than trade debt on customary terms
    incurred in the ordinary course of business),
 
    (iv)           obligations of such Person as lessee under leases which
    shall have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted
    accounting principles, consistently applied, recorded as capital
    leases,
 
    (v)           obligations of such Person under direct or indirect
    guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to
    purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor
    against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of
    the kinds referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) above, and
 
    (vi)           liabilities of such Person in respect of unfunded vested
    benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA, together with the
    regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time.
 
    “Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the
    business, operations or financial condition of PAC and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of
    this Note, the Security Agreement or the rights and remedies of Delta
    hereunder or thereunder or (c) the ability of any Borrower to pay its
    obligations under this Note or the Security Agreement.
 
    “Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a
    business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated
    association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any
    political subdivision or agency thereof.
 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    “Permitted Liens” means: (i) liens securing Debt under this Note; (ii)
    liens existing on the date of this Agreement and listed in Schedule II 
    hereto; (iii) liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or
    claims that are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good
    faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently
    conducted; (iv) landlords’, carriers’, workmen’s, warehousemen’s,
    mechanic’s, materialmen’s, repairmen’s, employees’ or other like liens
    arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to amounts
    which are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith
    by appropriate proceedings; (v) pledges or deposits made in the
    ordinary course of business in connection with (a) leases, performance
    bonds or similar obligations, (b) workers’ compensation, unemployment
    insurance and other social security legislation or (c) securing the
    performance of surety bonds and appeal bonds required (A) in the
    ordinary course of business or in connection with the enforcement of
    rights or claims of the Borrowers or (B) in connection with judgments
    that do not give rise to an Event of a Default; (vi) with respect to
    real property or interests therein, easements, licenses, rights-of-way,
    restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other
    similar encumbrances which, in the aggregate, do not materially detract
    from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere
    with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrowers or liens
    disclosed in title reports; (vii) liens on any property other than the
    Collateral (as such term is defined in the Security Agreement); and
    (viii) liens existing immediately prior to the Closing (as such term is
    defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) on any asset purchased under
    the Stock Purchase Agreement.
 
    “Security Agreement” means that certain Security and Pledge Agreement,
    dated as of the date hereof, among PAC, Mesaba, and Delta.
 
    “Stock Purchase Agreement” means that certain Stock Purchase Agreement,
    dated as of the date hereof, among PAC, PAI, Delta and Mesaba.
 
SECTION 10.  Costs and Expenses.  Each Borrower jointly and severally 
agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the holder of this Note, 
including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses, in connection 
with the enforcement of this Note, the Security Agreement and any other 
document or instrument delivered hereunder.
 

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
SECTION 11.  Right of Set-off.  Upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of any Event of Default, the holder hereof is hereby authorized 
at any time and from time to time, without notice to Borrowers (any such 
notice being expressly waived), to set off and apply any and all 
indebtedness at any time owing by such holder to or for any Borrower’s 
credit or account against any and all of such Borrower’s obligations now or 
hereafter existing under this Note or any other document or instrument 
delivered in connection herewith, irrespective of whether or not such 
holder has made any demand under this Note or any other document or 
instrument delivered in connection herewith, and although such obligations 
may be unmatured.  The holder’s rights under this Section 11 are in 
addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) 
which it may have and are in addition to Delta’s right to cause payments of 
principal hereof and interest hereon to be made by deductions from amounts 
payable to Borrowers under the Connection Carrier Agreements in the manner 
set forth therein.
 
SECTION 12.                                 Indemnification and Survival.  
Each Borrower hereby jointly and severally indemnifies, exonerates and 
holds Delta and each of its officers, directors, employees and agents 
(collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) free and harmless from and 
against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses, costs, 
liabilities, damages and expenses incurred in connection therewith 
(irrespective of whether any such Indemnified Party is a party to the 
action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), including reasonable 
and documented attorneys’ fees and disbursements (collectively, the “
Indemnified Liabilities”), incurred by the Indemnified Parties or any of 
them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to
 
      (a)           any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to
    any environmental cleanup, audit, compliance or other matter relating
    to the protection of the environment and any Borrower; or
 
     (b)           the presence on or under, or the escape, seepage,
    leakage, spillage, discharge, emission, discharging or releases from,
    any real property owned or operated by any Borrower of any hazardous
    material (including any losses, liabilities, damages, injuries, costs,
    expenses or claims asserted or arising under any environmental law),
    regardless of whether caused by, or within the control of, such
    Borrower,
 
except for any such Indemnified Liabilities arising for the account of a 
particular Indemnified Party by reason of the relevant Indemnified Party’s 
gross negligence or willful misconduct, and if and to the extent that the 
foregoing undertaking may be unenforceable for any reason, each Borrower 
hereby jointly and severally agrees to make the maximum contribution to the 
payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is 
permissible under applicable law.  Each Borrower’s obligations under this 
Section 12 and under Section 10 shall in each case survive the payment in 
full of all obligations hereunder.
 

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Borrowers under this 
Section 12 shall, with respect to Mesaba, pertain solely to the period 
after the Closing Date (as such term is defined in the Stock Purchase 
Agreement).
 
SECTION 13.  Governing Law. THIS NOTE AND EACH OTHER DOCUMENT OR INSTRUMENT 
DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH SHALL EACH BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE 
UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, UNITED 
STATES OF AMERICA.
 
SECTION 14.  Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction.  EACH PARTY 
HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY:
 
 (a)           SUBMITS FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS NOTE AND THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS TO WHICH 
IT IS A PARTY, OR FOR RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN 
RESPECT THEREOF, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK, THE COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF;
 
 (b)           CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE BROUGHT 
IN SUCH COURTS AND WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE 
TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT 
SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT AND AGREES 
NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME;
 
 (c)           AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING MAY BE EFFECTED BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR 
CERTIFIED MAIL (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL), POSTAGE 
PREPAID, TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 OR AT SUCH OTHER 
ADDRESS OF WHICH THE OTHER PARTIES SHALL HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED PURSUANT 
THERETO; AND
 
 (d)           AGREES THAT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT TO EFFECT 
SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR SHALL LIMIT THE 
RIGHT TO SUE IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.
 

 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
SECTION 15.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  EACH BORROWER AND DELTA HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, 
UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS NOTE OR THE SECURITY AGREEMENT, OR ANY 
COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) 
OR ACTIONS OF IT.
 
SECTION 16.  Miscellaneous.  This Note is the “Promissory Note” referred to 
in, and is issued by the Borrowers under, the Stock Purchase Agreement.
 
SECTION 17.  Joint and Several Obligations.  The obligations of the 
Borrowers hereunder are joint and several.  Each Borrower agrees that its 
obligations are a primary obligation of such Borrower and not merely a 
contract of surety.  Each Borrower waives presentation to, demand for 
payment from and protest to such Borrower or any other Borrower, and also 
waives notice of protest for nonpayment.  The obligations of Borrowers 
hereunder shall not be affected by (i) the failure of Delta to assert any 
claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Borrower 
under the provisions of this Note or otherwise, (ii) any extension or 
renewal of any provision hereof, (iii) any rescission, waiver, compromise, 
acceleration, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions 
of this Note or the Security Agreement; (iv) the release, exchange waiver 
or foreclosure of any security held by Delta, (v) the failure of Delta to 
exercise any right or remedy against any Borrower, or (vi) the release or 
substitution of any collateral.  Each Borrower further waives any right to 
require that any resort be had by Delta to any security held for payment of 
this Note or to any balance of any deposit, account or credit on the books 
of Delta in favor of any Borrower.
 
Each Borrower hereby waives any defense that it might have based on a 
failure to remain informed of the financial condition of any other Borrower 
and any circumstances affecting the ability of any other Borrower to 
perform under this Note.  Each Borrower’s obligations hereunder shall not 
be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of 
this Note or the Security Agreement or by the existence, validity, 
enforceability, perfection, or extent of any collateral therefor or by any 
other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense to such 
obligations.
 

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
The obligations of the Borrowers hereunder shall not be subject to any 
reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, including, 
without limitation, any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration, or 
compromise, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, 
counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the 
invalidity, illegally or unenforceability of such obligations.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of the Borrowers 
hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by 
failure of Delta to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy 
under this Note or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of 
any provision hereof or thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful 
or otherwise, in the performance of such obligations, or by any other act 
or thing or omission or delay or do any other act or thing which may or 
might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Borrower or would 
otherwise operate as a discharge of any Borrower as a matter of law.
 
Each Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall continue 
to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time 
payment, or any part thereof, of any obligation hereunder is rescinded or 
must otherwise be restored by Delta upon the bankruptcy or reorganization 
of such Borrower or otherwise.
 
Upon payment by any Borrower of any sums to Delta hereunder, all rights of 
such Borrower against any other Borrower arising as a result thereof by way 
of right of subrogation or otherwise, shall in all respects be subordinate 
and junior in right of payment  to the prior payment in full of all the 
obligations of the Borrowers hereunder (including interest accruing on and 
after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or of reorganization of a 
Borrower whether or not post filing interest is allowed in such 
proceeding).  If any amount shall be paid to such Borrower for the account 
of any other Borrower relating to the obligations hereunder, such amount 
shall be held in trust for the benefit of Delta and shall forthwith be paid 
to Delta to be credited and applied to the obligations hereunder, whether 
matured or unmatured.
 

 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP.
 

 
By:           
 
Name:           ***
 
Title:           Vice President and General Counsel
 

 
PINNACLE AIRLINES, INC.

By:           
 
Name:           ***
 
Title:           Vice President and General Counsel
 

MESABA AVIATION, INC.

 
By:           
 
Name:           ***
 
Title:           Vice President
 


Acknowledged and Agreed:

DELTA AIR LINES, INC.

 
By:                                                                         
  
 
Name:                      ***
 
Title:  Senior Vice President – Delta Connection
 



 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE I
to Promissory Note

DEBT

***

 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE II
to Promissory Note

LIENS

***

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

