 EX-10.43 15 a2200874zex-10_43.htm EX-10.43
Exhibit 10.43
 
FIRST AMENDMENT
TO SENIOR SUBORDINATED UNSECURED CREDIT AND GUARANTY
AGREEMENT
 
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO SENIOR SUBORDINATED UNSECURED CREDIT AND GUARANTY 
AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is dated as of November 4, 2010 and is entered 
into by and among AEROFLEX INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation (the 
Borrower), certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower, as Guarantors (each a 
Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors) and each of the lenders 
party hereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders), and is made 
with reference to that certain SENIOR SUBORDINATED UNSECURED CREDIT AND 
GUARANTY AGREEMENT dated as of September 21, 2007 (the Credit Agreement) 
by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, and GOLDMAN SACHS 
CREDIT PARTNERS L.P. (GSCP), as Administrative Agent (Administrative 
Agent).  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same 
meanings herein as set forth in the Credit Agreement after giving effect to 
this Amendment.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested that the Requisite Lenders agree 
to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as provided for herein; 
and
 
WHEREAS, subject to certain conditions, the Requisite Lenders are willing 
to agree to such amendment relating to the Credit Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, 
provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:
 
    SECTION I.     AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT
     
    1.1                               Amendments.
     
A.     Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following definitions in proper alphabetical sequence:
 
    Borrower Assignment Agreement means an Assignment and Assumption
    Agreement in the form of Exhibit E-1.
     
    Borrower Assignment Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 10.6(i)(ii).
     
    Offer Document means the Offer to Purchase, substantially in the form
    of Exhibit J hereto, as the same may be amended or modified from time
    to time in accordance with the terms thereof.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    1.2                               Amendments to Section 10.6.
     
Section 10.6 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting a new 
Section 10.6(i) immediately after the end of Section 10.6(h) as follows:
 
    (i)  Certain Permitted Loan Purchases.  Notwithstanding anything to
    the contrary contained in this Section 10.6 or any other provision of
    this Agreement or any other Credit Document, so long as no Default or
    Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result
    therefrom, any Lender may sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of
    its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to its
    outstanding Loans to the Borrower for cash pursuant to the terms of a
    Borrower Assignment Agreement, and the Borrower may purchase all or a
    portion of any Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement
    with respect to its outstanding Loans from any Lender for cash pursuant
    to the terms of a Borrower Assignment Agreement, in each case, on the
    following basis:
     
        (i)  Such purchase or purchases shall be made in one or more
        modified Dutch auctions pursuant to the Offer Document.
         
        (ii)           Upon its receipt of a duly executed and completed
        Borrower Assignment Agreement, and of evidence reasonably
        satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has made
        the payment to the assigning Lender of the amount required to be
        paid pursuant to the applicable Borrower Assignment Agreement, the
        Administrative Agent shall accept and record the information
        contained in such Borrower Assignment Agreement in the Register and
        shall maintain a copy of such Borrower Assignment Agreement.  The
        date on which such payment is made to the assigning Lender shall be
        referred to herein as the Borrower Assignment Effective Date. 
        Interest on such Loans accrued through the Borrower Assignment
        Effective Date shall be paid to the Lender that has assigned such
        Loans to the Borrower on such date and shall constitute payment of
        interest thereon pursuant to Section 2.8 hereof.
         
        (iii)          Following the Borrower Assignment Effective Date, no
        interest shall accrue on the Loans so assigned or sold and such
        Loans shall be cancelled or retired and no longer outstanding (and
        may not be re-assigned or resold by the Borrower), for all purposes
        under this Agreement and all other Credit Documents
        (notwithstanding any provisions herein or therein to the contrary),
        including, but not limited to (A) the making of, or the application
        of, any payments to the Lenders under this Agreement or any other
        Credit Document, (B) the making of any request, demand,
        authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under this
        Agreement or any other Credit Document, (C) the providing of any
        rights to the Borrower as a Lender under this Agreement or any
        other Credit Document, and (D) the determination of Requisite
        Lenders, or for any similar or related purpose, under this
        Agreement or any other Credit Document.
         
        (iv)          The Lenders hereby consent to the transactions
        described in this Section 10.6(i) and waive the requirements of any
        provision of this Agreement and any other Credit Document that
        would otherwise result in a breach of this
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Agreement, a Default or an Event of Default as a direct result of
        any transaction described in this Section 10.6(i).
 
        (v)           The provisions of this Section 10.6(i) shall not
        require the Borrower to purchase or undertake any offer to purchase
        any Loans.
         
        (vi)          The parties hereto acknowledge that the payment by
        the Borrower for any Loans purchased pursuant to the terms of this
        Section 10.6(i) shall be made directly to each Lender who has
        executed a Borrower Assignment Agreement in connection with any
        such assignment or transfer based on the information set forth in
        the applicable Borrower Assignment Agreement and the Register.
         
    1.3                               Exhibits.
     
    The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new Exhibit E-1 and
    a new Exhibit J thereto, to read in their entirety as set forth in
    Annex I hereto.
     
    SECTION II.     CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS
     
This Amendment shall become effective upon the satisfaction of all of the 
following conditions precedent (such date, the First Amendment Effective 
Date):
 
A.     Execution. Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart 
signature page of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Credit 
Parties and each of the Requisite Lenders.
 
B.     Necessary Consents. Each Credit Party shall have obtained all 
consents necessary and all material consents advisable in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, including, without 
limitation, an amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Facility in the form 
of Annex II hereto.
 
C.     Other Documents.  Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have 
received such other documents, information or agreements regarding Credit 
Parties as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender may 
reasonably request.
 
D.     Absence of Default.  No event has occurred and is continuing or will 
result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Amendment that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default.
 
    SECTION III.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
     
In order to induce Lenders to enter into this Amendment and to amend the 
Credit Agreement in the manner provided herein, each Credit Party which is 
a party hereto represents and warrants to each Lender that the following 
statements are true and correct in all material respects:
 
A.     Corporate Power and Authority.  Each Credit Party, which is party 
hereto, has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Amendment 
and to carry out the transactions
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
contemplated by, and perform its obligations under, the Credit Agreement, 
as amended by this Amendment (the Amended Agreement), and the other 
Credit Documents.
 
B.     Authorization of Agreements.  The execution and delivery of this 
Amendment and the performance of the Amended Agreement and the other Credit 
Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of 
each Credit Party.
 
C.     No Conflict.  The execution and delivery by each Credit Party of 
this Amendment and the performance by each Credit Party of the Amended 
Agreement and the other Credit Documents do not and will not (i) violate 
(A) any provision of (x) any law, statute, rule or regulation, or (y) the 
certificate or articles of incorporation or partnership agreement, other 
constitutive documents or by-laws of Holdings, the Borrower or any Credit 
Party or (B) any applicable order of any court or any rule, regulation or 
order of any Governmental Authority, (ii) be in conflict with, result in a 
breach of or constitute (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) a 
default under any Contractual Obligation of the applicable Credit Party, 
where any such conflict, violation, breach or default referred to in clause 
(i)(A)(x), (i)(B) or (ii) of this Section III.C., individually or in the 
aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
(iii) be in conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (along or 
with notice or lapse of time or both) a default under the Senior Secured 
Credit Facility or the Indenture, dated as of August 7, 2008, among the 
Borrower, each of the Credit Parties party thereto, and The Bank of New 
York Mellon, as Trustee, (iv) except as permitted under the Amended 
Agreement, result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon 
any of the properties or assets of any Credit Party, or (v) require any 
approval of stockholders or partners or any approval or consent of any 
Person under any Contractual Obligation of each Credit Party, except for 
such approvals or consents which will be obtained on or before the First 
Amendment Effective Date and except for any such approvals or consents the 
failure of which to obtain could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
D.     Governmental Consents.  No action, consent or approval of, 
registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental 
Authority is or will be required in connection with the execution and 
delivery by each Credit Party of this Amendment and the performance by the 
Credit Parties of the Amended Agreement and the other Credit Documents to 
which the Credit Parties are party, except for such actions, consents and 
approvals the failure to obtain or make which could not reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or which have been obtained 
and are in full force and effect.
 
E.     Binding Obligation.  This Amendment and the Amended Agreement have 
been duly executed and delivered by each of the Credit Parties party 
thereto (including each Guarantor) and each constitutes a legal, valid and 
binding obligation of such Credit Party to the extent a party thereto, 
enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except 
as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, 
reorganization or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally 
and except as enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity 
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in 
equity or at law).
 
F.     Incorporation of Representations and Warranties from Credit 
Agreement. The representations and warranties contained in Section 4 of the 
Amended Agreement are and will be true and correct in all material respects 
on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date to the
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
same extent as though made on and as of that date, except to the extent 
such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, 
in which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as 
of such earlier date.
 
G.     Absence of Default.  No event has occurred and is continuing or will 
result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Amendment that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default.
 
    SECTION IV.     MISCELLANEOUS
     
A.     Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Credit 
Documents.
 
    (i)     On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference
    in the Credit Agreement to this Amendment, hereunder, hereof,
    herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and
    each reference in the other Credit Documents to the Credit Agreement,
    thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit
    Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as
    amended by this Amendment.
     
    (ii)     Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Credit
    Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall remain in full force and
    effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed.
     
    (iii)     The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment
    shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a
    waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Agent or Lender under, the
    Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents.
     
B.     Headings.  Section and Subsection headings in this Amendment are 
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute 
a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive 
effect.
 
C.     Applicable Law.  THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF 
THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND 
ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT 
REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
 
D.     Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each 
of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but 
all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same 
instrument; signature pages may be detached from multiple separate 
counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature 
pages are physically attached to the same document.  Delivery of an 
executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or 
pdf or other similar electronic means shall be as effective as delivery of 
a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
E.     Ratification by Guarantors.  Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and 
agrees that (i) its consent to this Amendment is not required, but each 
Guarantor nevertheless hereby agrees and consents to this Amendment and to 
the documents and agreements referred to herein, (ii) notwithstanding the 
effectiveness of this Amendment, such Guarantors Guaranty shall remain in 
full force and effect without modification thereto, (iii) nothing herein 
shall in any way limit any of the terms or provisions of any Guarantors 
Guaranty or any other Credit Document executed by any Guarantor (as the 
same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time), all of which are hereby ratified, confirmed 
and affirmed in all respects, (iv) no other agreement, instrument, consent 
or document shall be required to give effect to this Section, and (v) the 
Borrower, the Agents and any Lender may from time to time enter into any 
further amendments, modifications, terminations and/or waivers of any 
provisions of the Credit Documents without notice to or consent from any 
Guarantor and without affecting the validity or enforceability of any 
Guarantors Guaranty or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, 
impairment, discharge or termination of any Guarantors Guaranty.
 
[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly 
authorized as of the date first written above.
 
 
BORROWER:
AEROFLEX INCORPORATED
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: SVP, CFO & Secretary
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
GUARANTORS :
AEROFLEX COLORADO SPRINGS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX HIGH SPEED TEST
SOLUTIONS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/INMET, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/KDI, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/METELICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
AEROFLEX MICROELECTRONIC
SOLUTIONS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX PLAINVIEW, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX RAD, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX/WEINSCHEL, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX WICHITA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX BLOOMINGDALE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
AEROFLEX ACQUISITION ONE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX ACQUISITION TWO, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AEROFLEX ACQUISITION THREE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
AIF CORP.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
IFR FINANCE, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
IFR SYSTEMS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
MCE ASIA, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
MICROMETRICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 
VI TECHNOLOGY, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John Adamovich
 
 
Name: John Adamovich
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
TCW/CRESCENT MEZZANINE PARTNERS IV,
L.P.
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
By: TCW/Crescent Mezzanine Management IV, L.L.C.,
its Investment Manager.
 
 
 
 
By: TCW Asset Management Company, its Sub-
Advisor
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Joseph A. Kaufman
 
 
Name: Joseph A. Kaufman
 
 
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TCW/CRESCENT MEZZANINE PARTNERS IVB,
L.P.
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
By: TCW/Crescent Mezzanine Management IV, L.L.C.,
its Investment Manager.
 
 
 
By: TCW Asset Management Company, its Sub-
Advisor
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Joseph A. Kaufman
 
 
Name: Joseph A. Kaufman
 
 
Title: Senior Vice President
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
MAC CAPITAL, LTD.
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
 
By: TCW Advisors, Inc.
 
 
as attorney-in-fact
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Gil Tollinchi
 
 
Name: Gil Tollinchi
 
 
Title: Senior Vice President
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Johnathan Insull
 
 
Name: Johnathan Insull
 
 
Title Senior Vice President
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
GS DIRECT, L.L.C.
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Laurie E. Schmidt
 
 
Name: Laurie E. Schmidt
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
NEWSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P.,
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
By: Newstone Partners, L.P.
 
Its: General Partner
 
 
 
 
By: Newstone Capital Partners, LLC
 
Its: General Partner
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ John C. Rocchio
 
 
Name: John C. Rocchio
 
 
Title: Managing Director
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

