 EX-10.23 31 dex1023.htm CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE


 
Exhibit 10.23


THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED 
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, ITS TERRITORIES AND 
POSSESSIONS, OR ANY AREA SUBJECT TO ITS JURISDICTION, OR TO ANY CITIZEN OR 
RESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY STATE, TERRITORY, OR POSSESSION 
THEREOF, INCLUDING ANY ESTATE OF SUCH PERSON OR ANY COMPANY, PARTNERSHIP, 
TRUST, OR OTHER ENTITY CREATED OR EXISTING UNDER THE LAWS THEREOF, UNTIL 
ONE YEAR AFTER THE CLOSING OF THE OFFERING IN WHICH THE LENDER PURCHASED 
THE SECURITIES, AND THEREAFTER MAY NOT BE SO TRANSFERRED ABSENT AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT, COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 OR ITS 
SUCCESSOR RULE UNDER THE ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE 
COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.


THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.


SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS, INC.


CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 

 March 12, 2010

   	Encinitas, California


For value received, Single Touch Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), hereby promises to pay to Mike Robert, (Lender), the 
principal amount of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) with simple 
interest thereon at the rate of five percent (12%) per annum on the unpaid 
balance of the principal sum. The Company shall make payment at such place 
as the Lender indicates. All principal and interest shall be payable, as 
provided for herein, in immediately available funds in lawful money of the 
United States of America. The principal amount of this convertible 
promissory note (the Note) is convertible into common stock (the Common 
Stock) of the Company as more fully set forth herein.


1. Estimated Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from this 
Note for general working capital needs.


2. Maturity Date; Prepayment. The Note shall mature on September 30, 2010 
(the Maturity Date), or such later date as agreed to in writing by 
Lender. Commencing on March 12, 2010, and provided the Lender consents in 
writing, the Company may, at any time, prepay the outstanding principal and 
accrued interest evidenced by this Note, in whole or in part, without 
penalty or premium, by paying to Lender, by check in immediately available 
federal funds, the amount of such prepayment, from the proceeds of the 
Companys next round of financing. If any such prepayment is less than a 
full repayment, then such prepayment shall be applied first to the payment 
of accrued interest and the remaining balance shall be applied to the 
payment of principal.


3. Interest Payments. Simple interest shall accrue on the Note at the rate 
of five percent (12%) per annum. Annual interest payments shall be made to 
Lender by 5:00 p.m. PDT on June 30, 2010 and September 30, 2010 (and on a 
quarterly basis thereafter, assuming the Lender agrees, in writing, to 
extend the term of the Note beyond the Maturity Date) via check at the 
address

------------------------------------------------------------------------
listed in the subscription agreement attached hereto as Appendix A. All 
payments (including prepayments) hereunder are to be applied first to the 
payment of accrued interest and the remaining balance shall be applied to 
the payment of principal. Accrued interest shall be computed on the basis 
of a 360 day year, based on the actual number of days elapsed.


4. Voluntary Conversion.

4.1 The outstanding principal on this Note may, at the sole discretion of 
the Lender, be converted (in full or in part, at any time) into fully paid 
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of 
the Company at the rate of $0.37 per share (the Conversion Rate); 
provided, however, in the event the Company undertakes an Additional 
Financing (as defined in Section 5.2 below), and the Additional Financing 
is undertaken at a price per share less than $0.37, then the Conversion 
Rate shall be subject to a full ratchet and reset at the price per share of 
the Additional Financing (the Reset Conversion Rate).

4.2 The Company shall promptly provide Lender written notice if the Company 
closes a financing (the Additional Financing) in the future involving the 
issuance of equity or the issuance of convertible debt securities (the 
Additional Securities). An Additional Financing shall not include the 
issuance of Common Stock under the Companys stock option and incentive 
plan or otherwise to employees, consultants, advisors, or others for 
purposes other than financing the Companys operations.


5. Mechanics of Conversion. Commencing on the date of issuance, the Lender 
may at any time prior to 5:00 p.m. PDT on the Maturity Date, convert the 
principal amount of this Note, or any portion thereof, into fully paid and 
non-assessable shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the 
Company at the Conversion Rate, or the Reset Conversion Rate, as 
applicable. Such conversion shall be effected by the surrender of this Note 
at the principal office of the Company (or such other office or agency of 
the Company as may be designated from time to time by written notice to the 
Lender) at any time during usual business hours, together with notice in 
writing that the Lender wishes to convert all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of this Note, which notice shall also state the name(s) 
(with addresses) and denominations in which the certificate(s) for Common 
Stock shall be issued and shall include instructions for delivery thereof. 
Such conversion shall be deemed to have been effected as of the close of 
business on the date on which this Note shall have been surrendered and 
such notice shall have been received, and at such time (the Conversion 
Date) the rights of the Lender with respect to the principal amount of the 
Note converted shall cease and the person(s) in whose name(s) any 
certificate(s) for Common Stock are to be issued upon such conversion shall 
be deemed to have become the Lender or Lenders of record of the shares of 
Common Stock represented by such certificate(s). No fractional shares of 
common stock shall be issued to Lender upon the conversion of the Note. The 
Company shall round up all note conversion calculations to the nearest 
whole share. As soon as practicable (but in no event more than twenty (20) 
calendar days following the Conversion Date), the Company shall deliver to 
the Lender, certificates representing the number of shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon such conversion registered in such name or names and such 
denomination or denominations as the Lender shall have specified. The 
Company shall also make payment to the Lender, in the form of cash, all 
accrued and outstanding interest due and payable as of the Conversion Date, 
calculated in the manner set forth in Section 4 hereof. In each case of 
conversion of this Note in part, the Company shall receive and hold this 
Note as a fiduciary agent of the Lender, and shall reissue the Note as of 
the Conversion Date in the amount represented by the remaining principal 
outstanding. Upon issuance of the new note, the original note shall be 
deemed null and void and of no legal effect.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
6. Default. The Company shall be deemed in default if any of the following 
events occur: (a) the Company fails to pay all outstanding principal and 
accrued interest relating to the Note by the Maturity Date; (b) the entry 
of a decree or order by a court having appropriate jurisdiction adjudging 
the Company a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a 
petition seeking reorganization or liquidation of Company under the Federal 
Bankruptcy Act or any other applicable federal or state law, or appointing 
a receiver, liquidator, assignee or trustee over any substantial portion of 
Companys property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the 
Companys affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed 
and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; (c) the 
institution by the Company of proceedings to be adjudicated a bankrupt or 
insolvent, or the consent by it to the institution of bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or 
answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under the Federal 
Bankruptcy Act or any other applicable federal or state law, or the consent 
by it to the filing of any such petition or to the appointment of a 
receiver, liquidator, assignee or trustee of Company; (d) default in the 
obligation of the Company for borrowed money, other than this Note, which 
shall continue for a period of sixty (60) days, or any event that results 
in acceleration of the maturity of any indebtedness of the Company under 
any note, indenture, contract, or agreement; (e) any representation or 
statement made or furnished to Lender by the Company or on the Companys 
behalf is false or misleading in any material respect; or (f) any levy, 
seizure, attachment, lien, or encumbrance of or on the Companys property, 
other than those existing as of the date hereof, which is not discharged by 
the Company within 20 days.

6.1 Cure. The Company shall be provided a period of five (5) calendar days 
from the date of an event of default, as defined in Section 8 above, to 
cure a default. In the event Company fails to cure any default within such 
time period, including the payment of all costs and expenses provided for 
in this Note, Lender may immediately enforce any and all rights provided 
under this Note.

6.2 Events of Default; Consequences. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Event of Default (as defined in Section 8 above) the Lender may declare the 
entire unpaid principal balance of this Note, together with accrued 
interest, immediately due and payable at the place of payment, without 
presentment, protest, notice or demand, all of which are expressly waived 
by the Company.

6.3 No Setoff, Etc. The obligations of the Company to pay the principal 
balance and interest due to the Lender shall be absolute and unconditional 
and the Company shall make such payment without abatement, diminution or 
deduction regardless of any cause or circumstances whatsoever including, 
without limitation, any defense, setoff, recoupment, or counterclaim which 
the Company may have or assert against the Lender or any other person.

6.4 Waiver of Presentment, Etc. The Company waives presentment, demand, 
notice of dishonor, protest and notice of nonpayment and protest.

6.5 Costs of Collection. The Company shall pay all costs and expenses of 
collection incurred by the Lender, including reasonable attorneys fees.


7. Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Conversion Rate or the Reset Conversion 
Rate as the case may be, shall be subject to appropriate adjustment so as 
to protect the rights of Lender upon the occurrence on or after the 
issuance of the Note of any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock 
split, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, combination, 
consolidation or other similar transaction. Upon each occurrence of any 
event described in the immediately preceding sentence, the Conversion
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rate, or the Reset Conversion Rate as the case may be, in effect 
immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted (and any other 
appropriate actions shall be taken by the Company, including, upon the 
occurrence of any merger, combination, consolidation or other similar 
transaction, the issuance to Lender of any securities into which this Note 
shall be converted by operation of law or pursuant to the express terms of 
such transaction provided that such transaction has been approved by the 
board of directors of the Company), so that Lender, upon any conversion of 
the Note, shall be entitled to receive the number of shares of Common Stock 
or other property, including cash or securities, that Lender would have 
owned or would have been entitled to receive upon or by reason of any of 
the events described above, had this Note been converted immediately prior 
to the date of such event, or if such event has a record date, then the 
record date applicable to such event. An adjustment made pursuant to the 
immediately preceding sentence shall become effective retroactively to the 
close of business on the day upon which such event is affected.


8. No Voting Rights. Nothing contained in this Note shall be construed as 
conferring upon the Lender the right to vote or to consent or to receive 
notice as a stockholder in respect of the meetings of stockholders for the 
election of directors of the Company or any other matter. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Company shall mail by first class to the Lender at the 
address specified in Appendix A hereto, one copy of all materials forwarded 
to stockholders or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the 
Company, if applicable, said mailing to be made promptly after mailing to 
stockholders or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the 
case may be.


9. Transfer Procedure. This Note is not transferable without the written 
consent of the Company, which the Company may withhold in its absolute 
discretion, and is generally restricted by the Act. The transfer of this 
Note is registrable by Lender in person or by an attorney duly authorized 
in writing on the books of the Company. Upon surrender and cancellation of 
this Note upon any such transfer, the Company shall issue a new note for 
the same aggregate principal amount to the transferee. The Company and any 
transfer agent may deem and treat the person in whose name this Note is 
registered upon the books of the Company as the absolute owner of this Note 
(whether or not this Note is overdue and notwithstanding any notation of 
ownership or other writing hereon) for all other purposes, and neither the 
Company nor any transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the 
contrary. All payments to the registered owner shall be valid and effectual 
to satisfy and discharge the liability on this Note to the extent of the 
sum so paid.


10. Representations and Warranties of Borrower. Borrower represents and 
warrants to the Lender with respect to the issuance of this Note as 
follows:

10.1 Organization and Standing. The Company is a corporation duly organized 
and validly existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, is in good 
standing under such laws, and is authorized to exercise all of its 
corporate powers, rights, and privileges. The Company has the requisite 
corporate power and authority to conduct its business as presently 
conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company is qualified to do 
business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the failure to 
be so qualified would have a material adverse effect on the business of the 
Company as now conducted or as proposed to be conducted.

10.2 Corporate Power. The Company has the requisite legal and corporate 
power to execute and deliver this Note and to perform its obligations under 
this Note.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
10.3 No Subsidiaries. The Company has no subsidiaries and does not 
otherwise own or control, directly or indirectly, any equity interest in 
any other business entity. The Company is not a party to any partnership.

10.4 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists 
of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, and 5,000,000 
shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value. As of March 12, 2010, there 
are 79,527,008 shares of common stock outstanding held by 405 stockholders. 
In addition, as of March 12, 2010, there are (i) warrants outstanding to 
purchase a total of 35,580,145 shares of common stock, with a weighted 
average exercise price of $1.166 per share, and (ii) options outstanding to 
purchase 8,675,000 shares of common stock, with a weighted average exercise 
price of $1.38 per share. There is no preferred stock outstanding.

10.5 Authorization and Enforceability of the Note. All corporate action on 
the part of the board of directors of the Company necessary for the 
authorization, execution, delivery, and performance of this Note, including 
the reservation of shares of common stock to be issued upon the conversion 
of the Note, has been taken. The Note, when executed and delivered by the 
Company, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company 
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be 
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights.

10.6 Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company is not in, nor will the 
conduct of its business as proposed to be conducted result in, any 
violation of (a) its articles of incorporation or bylaws, or (b) any 
applicable law or regulation. The execution, delivery, and performance of 
the Note, and the issuance of this Note, have not resulted, and will not 
result, in any such violation. The Company is not bound by any agreement 
that the Company believes materially adversely affects or, so far as the 
Company may now foresee, in the future may materially adversely affect any 
material aspect of the Company.

10.7 Governmental Consent. No consent, approval, or authorization of, or 
designation, declaration, or filing with, any governmental authority on the 
part of the Company is required in connection with the valid execution, 
delivery, and performance of this Note, except notice filings under 
Regulation D of the Act, and pursuant to applicable state securities laws 
including, without limitation, Section 25102(f) of the California 
Corporations Code.

10.8 Tax Returns and Payments. The Company has accurately prepared and 
timely filed alt tax returns (foreign, federal, state, and local) required 
to be filed by it. All taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns, 
any assessments received, and all other taxes due and payable by the 
Company on or before the date of this Note have been paid or will be paid 
before they become delinquent. No state agency has audited any income, 
franchise, sales, or use tax return of the Company. The federal income tax 
returns of the Company have not been audited by the Internal Revenue 
Service. No deficiency assessment or proposed adjustment of any tax 
previously paid by the Company is pending. The Company does not know of any 
liability for any tax to be imposed upon its properties or assets for which 
the Company has not adequately reserved.


11. Representations and Warranties of Lender; Review of Risk Factors. In 
addition to the representations and warranties set forth in the 
subscription agreement attached hereto as Appendix A, Lender represents and 
warrants to the Company with respect to the issuance of this Note, and the 
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note as follows:

11.1 Review of Disclosure Materials. Lender has reviewed this Note, the 
following risk factors, the estimated use of proceeds attached hereto as 
Appendix C, the audited and internally prepared financial statements 
attached hereto as Appendix D and the executive summary attached hereto as 
Appendix E.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11.1.1 Risk Factors. The following risk factors should be reviewed in 
detail prior to making an investment decision regarding the Note.


AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTED INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. THE FOLLOWING 
FACTORS SHOULD BE CAREFULLY CONSIDERED PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
NOTE.


Risk Factors Related To Our Business


The Company has a limited operating history and has experienced operating 
losses since its inception

Since its inception, the Company has realized several million dollars in 
operating losses. The Company is a development stage entity and is in the 
process of fully implementing its planned principal operations. The 
Companys continued operations are dependent upon its ability to generate 
sufficient revenues from operations and obtain further financing, including 
the sale of the Notes. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient 
revenues and obtain sufficient financing from the sale of the Notes, its 
current business plans could fail and its financial condition and results 
of operations could be materially adversely affected.


The Companys capitalization is limited and it may need additional funds 
beyond the sale of Notes

A limiting factor on the growth of the Company, including its ability to 
penetrate new markets, attract new customers and deliver new products in a 
timely matter, is the limited capitalization of the Company compared to 
other companies in the industry. The Company believes that currently 
available capital resources, including the net proceeds from the sale of 
Notes, assuming $3,000,000 is received, will be adequate to fund its 
operations and business objectives for 12 months. There can be no 
assurance, however, that the net proceeds from this Offering will provide 
sufficient funds for the Company to achieve all of its proposed objectives 
or that the Company will not require additional financing. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that the maximum offering amount of $5,000,000 
will be realized. If additional funding in the form of equity or 
convertible debt is not available on reasonable terms, the Company may not 
achieve its revenue and profit objectives. Delays in meeting the 
anticipated funding schedule may affect the ability of the Company to fully 
implement its business plan. Further, if additional funds are procured 
through the issuance of additional equity or convertible debt securities, 
investors in the Notes will experience dilution.


The Company is extremely dependent on its President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Anthony Macaluso, as well as other members of its executive 
management team

The Companys future performance will be substantially dependent on the 
continued services of Mr. Macaluso and on the performance of other senior 
management and key personnel. The Companys performance also depends on its 
ability to attract, retain and motivate additional management and key 
employees. The loss of the services of Mr. Macaluso or any other key 
personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
The Company faces competition from companies that have substantially 
greater capital and marketing resources than the Company

While the Company believes that it is a pioneer in its sector, and that 
there are very few companies, if any, who offer the broad applications of 
the Companys products, potential competitors for the Company include 
companies with generally longer operating histories, greater name 
recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, 
technical and marketing resources than the Company. Such competition could 
materially adversely affect the Companys business, operating results and 
financial condition. As a result, the Company will be competing for 
customers with other companies offering similar or alternative products and 
services that may have greater name recognition, more proprietary products, 
and a larger existing customer base.


The Companys revenues are difficult to predict given that a large 
percentage of the Companys future revenues will come from emerging markets

It is not feasible to predict with assurance the timing or the amount of 
revenues that the Company will receive from the sale, or license, of its 
products. Any substantial delay in the introduction of products could 
result in significant delays in revenues, the need to raise additional 
capital through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities sooner 
than the Company intends, and may allow competitors to reach certain of 
such markets with products before the Company. In view of the emerging 
nature of the technology involved in certain of these markets, and the 
attendant uncertainty as to whether the Companys products will achieve 
meaningful commercial acceptance, if at all, there can be no assurance that 
the Company will realize revenues sufficient to achieve profitability.


If the Company fails to obtain strategic partnerships with key players in 
need of its products, the Companys results of operation will be adversely 
affected

If the Company is unsuccessful in creating strategic partnerships with 
large companies in its sector, the amount of revenues realizable will not 
be significant and the Companys overall business, financial condition and 
results of operations will be materially adversely affected.


Although the Company has entered into confidentiality and non-compete 
agreements with its key employees and consultants, if it is unable to 
protect its proprietary information against unauthorized use by others, its 
competitive position could be harmed

The Companys proprietary information is critically important to its 
competitive position and is a significant aspect of the products it 
provides. If the Company is unable to protect its proprietary information 
against unauthorized use by others, its competitive position could be 
harmed. The Company generally enters into confidentiality and non-compete 
agreements with its employees and consultants, and controls access to, and 
distribution of, its documentation and other proprietary information. 
Despite these precautions, the Company cannot assure you that these 
strategies will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of its proprietary 
information in all cases. Therefore, the Company could be required to 
expend significant amounts to defend its rights to proprietary information 
in the future if a breach were to occur.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
An investor who acquires Notes will immediately incur significant dilution 
in the book value of our Common Stock

Because the current book value per share of the Companys Common Stock is 
significantly lower than the Conversion Rate of the Notes, current 
stockholders of the Company will receive an immediate increase in net book 
value per share and the Lender will experience immediate dilution in book 
value per share.


The Company anticipates issuing additional stock options to employees and 
consultants in the future

The Company has adopted a stock option and incentive plan for its 
employees, officers, directors and key consultants. Because stock options 
granted under the plan will generally only be exercised when the exercise 
price for such option is below the then market value of the Common Stock, 
the exercise of such options will cause dilution to the book value per 
share of the Companys Common Stock.


The Company does not presently intend to pay dividends on its Common Stock 
in the foreseeable future

The Companys future earnings will be reinvested and used for working 
capital purposes. Thus, upon the conversion of the Note, the Lender should 
not expect to receive dividends on the shares of Common Stock issued in 
conjunction therewith.


Risk Factors Relating to the Offering


There is limited liquidity in the Notes

The Notes may only be resold if registered under the Act, or pursuant to an 
exemption from registration thereunder, including Rule 144. Rule 144 is 
only available if there is a public market for the Companys securities and 
the public availability of current information regarding the Company. 
Transfer of the Notes may also be restricted by state blue sky securities 
laws. As a result, investors should be aware that in the absence of 
registration of the Notes with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or 
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof, or the 
availability of an exemption from registration, the Notes and the shares of 
Common Stock underlying the Notes, must be held by the purchasers thereof 
for an indefinite period of time.


Following a fully subscribed offering of $5,000,000, our executive officers 
and members of our board of directors will beneficially own more than 40% 
of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock and could limit 
the ability of our other stockholders to influence the outcome of director 
elections and other transactions submitted to a vote of stockholders

Immediately following the offering, and assuming we realize $5,000,000 from 
the sale of the Notes, the executive officers and board of directors will 
beneficially own more than 40% of the issued and outstanding shares of our 
Common Stock. These stockholders will have the power to influence all 
matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of 
directors and approval of mergers and other significant corporate 
transactions. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of 
delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
12. No Recourse Against Individuals. Lender shall have no recourse for the 
repayment of the principal of, or interest on, this Note against any past, 
present, or future incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, employee, 
agent, or attorney of the Company in the absence of an express written 
agreement with such person to the contrary.


13. Governing Law and Venue. This Note is delivered in and shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware without regard to any rules that would apply the law of another 
jurisdiction. Venue shall lie exclusively in Delaware. The parties agree 
that their respective obligations are to be performed in Delaware.


14. Notices. Any notice pursuant to this Note to be given or made by the 
Lender to or upon the Company shall be sufficiently made if sent by 
certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another 
address is sent by the Company to the Lender) as follows:

Single Touch Interactive, Inc.
2235 Encinitas Blvd. Suite 228
Encinitas, CA 92024

15. Register of Notes. The Company shall keep at its principal office (or 
such other place the Company reasonably designates) a register for the 
Notes. Each transfer of the Notes (if permitted), conversion thereof into 
Common Stock and payment thereunder as well as the name and address of the 
Lender shall be noted on the register of Notes. The register shall be made 
available by the Company for review by the Lender or his agent during usual 
business hours of the Company.


16. Modification and Waiver. No modification or waiver of any provision of 
this Note shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in 
writing signed by the Lender and then such modification or waiver shall be 
effective only in the specific instance for the specific purpose given.


17. Counterparts. This Note may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed to be an original against any Party whose 
signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one 
and the same instrument. This Note shall become binding when one or more 
counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the 
signatures of all of the Parties reflected hereon as the signatories.


18. Other.

18.1 Registration Rights.

18.1.1 Inclusion of Registrable Securities. If (but without any obligation 
to do so) the Company proposes to register (including for this purpose a 
registration effected by the Company for stockholders other than the 
Lenders) any of its stock or other securities under the Act in connection 
with a public offering of such securities solely for cash, the Company 
shall, at such time, promptly give Lender written notice of such 
registration. Upon the written request of Lender within twenty (20) days 
following mailing of such notice by the Company, the Company shall, subject 
to the provisions of Section 20.2.2, cause to be registered under the Act 
all of the shares of Common Stock issuable to Lender upon the conversion of 
the Note (the Registrable Securities) that Lender requests, in writing, 
to be registered.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
18.1.2 Underwriting Requirements. In connection with any offering involving 
an underwriting of Common Stock, the Company shall not be required under 
this Section 20.2.2 to include any of the Lenders Common Stock issuable 
upon conversion of the Note unless they accept the terms of the 
underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and the underwriters 
selected by it (or by other persons entitled to select the underwriters), 
and then only in such quantity as the underwriters determine in their sole 
discretion will not jeopardize the success of the offering by the Company. 
If the underwriters, in their sole discretion, determine and advise in 
writing the Company and the Lenders of the Registrable Securities 
requesting participation in such registration that in their good faith 
judgment the number of shares of Registrable Securities and the other 
securities requested to be registered wider this Section 20.2.2 exceeds the 
maximum amount of Common Stock which can be marketed (giving first priority 
to Common Stock to be issued by the Company in such underwriting, but 
giving priority to the shares requested to be included in the offering 
pursuant to this Section 20.2.2 over all other shares proposed to he 
included therein), then the Company shall be required to include in the 
offering only that number of shares of Common Stock, including Registrable 
Securities, which the underwriters determine in their sole discretion will 
not jeopardize the success of the offering and the securities so included 
shall be apportioned pro rata among the participating Lender according to 
the total amount of securities entitled to be included therein owned by 
each participating Lender. For purposes of such apportionment, for any 
participating Lender that is a partnership or corporation, the partners, 
retired partners and stockholders of such Lender, or the estates and family 
members of any such partners and retired partners and any trusts for the 
benefit of any of the Foregoing persons shall be deemed to be a single 
participating Lender, and any pro-rata reduction with respect to such 
participating Lender shall be based upon the aggregate amount of shares of 
Common Stock carrying registration rights owned by all persons included in 
such participating Lender.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the date 
first written above.
 
LENDER 	  	 	  	COMPANY
Signature: 	  	/s/ Mike Robert 	  	 	  	
Single Touch Systems, Inc.,
a Delaware Corporation
Print Name: 	  	
Mike Robert
Lender
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Anthony G. Macaluso
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
Anthony G. Macaluso
President & Chief Executive Officer
 
10