 EX-10.1 2 ex101notemodificationagree.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 

Ex. 10.1
 
NOTE MODIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This NOTE MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into 
to be effective as of October 1, 2010 by and between Grace Brothers, Ltd., 
an Illinois limited partnership (“Grace”), Bradford Whitmore, an individual 
residing at Chicago, Illinois (“Whitmore” and collectively with Grace, the 
“Holders”), and Silverleaf Resorts, Inc., a Texas corporation (the “
Company”). Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used 
herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture (as 
defined).
 
RECITALS
 
A.    
Whitmore and Grace currently are the beneficial owners and holders of 
$307,281.45 and $7,374,754.80, respectively, in principal amount of the 
Company's 10.0% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2012 (the “Notes”) which were 
issued pursuant to the Indenture dated as of June 30, 2009 (the “Indenture
”) by and among the Company, the Guarantors named therein, and Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association as Trustee (the “Trustee”);
             
B.    
Effective as of October 1, 2010, the Company and the Holders desire to 
amend the Indenture and the Global Note to eliminate the pre-maturity 
principal payment schedule of the Notes and to increase the interest rate 
on the Notes to 12% per annum; and
             
C.    
The Holders have agreed to consent to the amendment of the Indenture and 
the Global Note as set forth herein.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements set 
forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
Amendments to Indenture
 
Section 1.1    Amendments.
 
(a)    
The second paragraph of the preamble of the Indenture shall be amended to 
read in its entirety as follows:
 
            The Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree as follows
            for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable
            benefit of the Holders of the Notes (as defined).
 
(b)    
The definition of “Notes” in Section 1.01 Definitions shall be amended to 
read in its entirety as follows:
            
           “Notes” means the 10% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2012 issued
           under the Indenture, as they may be modified from time to time
           in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Indenture.
 
(c)    
Section 2.01(b) of the Indenture shall be amended to read in its entirety 
as follows:

            (a)    Global Notes. Notes shall be issued initially in the
            form of one or more Global

1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


            Notes in definitive, fully registered form without interest
            coupons, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers
            of the Notes represented thereby with the Trustee, at the
            Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, as custodian for the
            Depositary (or with such other custodian as the Depositary may
            direct), and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee
            of the Depositary, duly executed by the Company and
            authenticated. Each Global Note shall represent such of the
            outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall
            provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount
            of the outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and
            that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes
            represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or
            increased, as appropriate, to reflect payments of principal,
            exchanges and redemptions. Interest on each Global Note at the
            rate of 10% per annum shall be paid on October 1, 2009 and
            April 1, 2010; thereafter, principal of $1,144,673.46 and
            interest at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid on July 1,
            2010; principal of $1,173,290.29 and interest at the rate of
            10% per annum shall be paid on October 1, 2010; and thereafter
            interest only at the rate of 12% per annum shall be paid on the
            first day of January, April, July and October of each year,
            commencing on January 1, 2011 and continuing thereafter until
            the principal balance outstanding of the Notes is paid in full
            on April 1, 2012. Interest on each Global Note will accrue from
            the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no
            interest has been paid on the Global Note, from the date of
            issuance; provided that if there is no existing Default in the
            payment of interest or principal, and if this Global Note is
            authenticated between a record date referred to on the face
            hereof and the next succeeding Payment Date, interest shall
            accrue from such next succeeding Payment Date. Any endorsement
            of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or
            decrease in the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes
            represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Note
            Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee.
(d)    
The form of the Global Note set forth in the Indenture as Exhibit A and the 
Global Note itself shall be amended by attaching to the Global Note a 
notation pursuant to Section 9.05 of the Indenture in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit A.

             
(e)    
The foregoing amendments to the Indenture shall be effected by execution 
and delivery of a First Supplement to Indenture in the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit B.

 
ARTICLE II
Deferred Modification Payment
 
Section 2.1    Deferred Modification Payment. The Company shall pay the 
Holders a one-time payment of $250,000 (the “Deferred Modification 
Payment”) on April 1, 2012. In the event the Company redeems all or a 
portion of the Notes prior to their scheduled maturity dates on April 1, 
2012, the Holders of the redeemed Notes will be entitled to receive payment 
at the time of redemption of the Deferred Modification Payment. The 
Deferred Modification Payment will be allocated between the Holders as 
follows: $10,000 to Whitmore and $240,000 to Grace.
 
ARTICLE III
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Holders
 
Grace and Whitmore make the following representations, warranties, and 
covenants each of which is true and correct on the date hereof.

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Section 3.1     Existence and Power.
 
(a)    Grace is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under 
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the power, 
authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform 
its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby.
 
(b)    The execution of this Agreement by the Holders does not and will not 
constitute or result in a breach, violation, conflict or default under any 
note, bond, mortgage, deed, indenture, lien, instrument, contract, 
agreement, lease or license to which either of the Holders is a party, 
whether written or oral, express or implied, or result in any violation of 
any statute, law, ordinance, decree, order, injunction, rule, directive, 
judgment or regulation of any court, administrative or regulatory body, 
governmental authority, arbitrator, mediator or similar body which is 
binding upon the Holders or cause the acceleration or termination of any 
obligation or right of the Holders, except for breaches, conflicts, 
defaults, or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
either of the Holders to perform its obligations hereunder.
 
Section 3.2     Valid and Enforceable Agreement; Authorization. This 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Holders and 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the Holders, 
enforceable against the Holders in accordance with its terms, except that 
such enforcement may be subject to (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to 
enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and (b) general principles of 
equity.
 
Section 3.3     Title to Notes. The Holders are the sole legal and 
beneficial owners of and each has good and valid title to the Notes 
currently held by such Holder and are not subject to any (i) assignment, 
transfer, hypothecation, pledge or similar lien or encumbrance, or (ii) any 
transfer order, power of attorney or other authority of any nature 
whatsoever with respect to such Notes.
 
ARTICLE IV
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company
 
The Company hereby makes the following representations, warranties, and 
covenants each of which is true and correct on the date hereof and shall 
survive the date of the Closing and the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
Section 4.1     Existence and Power.
 
(a)    The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of the State of Texas and has the power, 
authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform 
the Company's obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
(b)    The execution of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation 
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) does not require 
the consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification 
of, or filing with, any governmental authority or court, or body or 
arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company other than as contemplated 
herein, and (ii) does not and will not constitute or result in a breach, 
violation or default under any note, bond, mortgage, deed, indenture, lien, 
instrument, contract, agreement, lease or license, whether written or oral, 
express or implied, or with the Company's Articles of Incorporation or 
by-laws, or any statute, law, ordinance, decree, order, injunction, rule, 
directive, judgment or regulation of any court, administrative or 
regulatory body, governmental authority,

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

arbitrator, mediator or similar body on the part of the Company or on the 
part of any other party thereto or cause the acceleration or termination of 
any obligation or right of the Company or any other party thereto.
       
Section 4.2     Valid and Enforceable Agreement; Authorization. This 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, 
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that 
such enforcement may be subject to (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to 
enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and (b) general principles of 
equity.
 
ARTICLE V
Consent of Holders
 
Section 5.1    Consent of Holders. The Holders hereby unanimously consent 
to the amendment of the Indenture and the Global Note as set forth herein.
    
 
ARTICLE VI
No Event of Default
 
Section 6.1    No Default.    The parties hereto acknowledge that no 
default or Event of Default as defined in the Indenture has occurred prior 
to the date hereof and the actions taken hereby do not and will not 
constitute or result in a breach, violation, conflict or default under any 
provision of the Indenture. Holders hereby acknowledge the timely receipt 
of aggregate interest payments of $252,778, $500,000, $250,000 and $221,383 
on October 1, 2009, April 1, 2010, July 1, 2010 and October 1, 2010, 
respectively, and aggregate principal reduction payments of $1,144,673 and 
$1,173,290 on July 1, 2010 and October 1, 2010, respectively.
 
ARTICLE VII
Miscellaneous Provisions
 
Section 7.1     Notation on Notes.    Pursuant to Section 9.05 of the 
Indenture, the Company and the Holders agree that the Trustee may place an 
appropriate notation describing the amendments set forth herein on the 
Global Note and on any Notes authenticated hereafter.
 
Section 7.2    Notice. Any notice provided for in this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be either personally delivered, or mailed first class 
mail (postage prepaid) with return receipt requested or sent by reputable 
overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to such address as is set forth 
on the signature page of this Agreement, or to such other address as the 
recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 
Notices will be deemed to have been given hereunder when delivered 
personally, three business days after deposit in the U.S. mail postage 
prepaid with return receipt requested and two business days after deposit 
postage prepaid with a reputable overnight courier service for delivery on 
the next business day.
 
Section 7.3     Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other documents 
and agreements executed in connection with the amendment of the Indenture 
embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and 
contemporaneous oral or written agreements, representations, warranties, 
contracts, correspondence, conversations, memoranda and understandings 
between or among the parties or any of their agents, representatives or 
affiliates relative to such subject matter, including, without limitation, 
any term sheets, emails or draft documents.
 
Section 7.4    Assignment; Binding Agreement. This Agreement and the 
various rights and obligations arising hereunder shall inure to the benefit 
of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors and assigns.

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Section 7.5    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, and on separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed 
an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument. Any counterpart or other signature hereupon delivered by 
facsimile shall be deemed for all purposes as constituting good and valid 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party.
 
Section 7.6    Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided herein, 
all rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are cumulative 
and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available at law.
 
Section 7.7    Governing Law. This Agreement shall in all respects be 
construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive laws of the 
State of Texas, without reference to its choice of law rules.
 
Section 7.8    No Third Party Beneficiaries or Other Rights. Nothing herein 
shall grant to or create in any person not a party hereto, or any such 
person's dependents or heirs, any right to any benefits hereunder, and no 
such party shall be entitled to sue any party to this Agreement with 
respect thereto.
 
Section 7.9    Waiver; Consent. This Agreement may not be changed, amended, 
terminated, augmented, rescinded or discharged (other than in accordance 
with its terms), in whole or in part, except by a writing executed by the 
parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions or conditions of this 
Agreement or any of the rights of a party hereto shall be effective or 
binding unless such waiver shall be in writing and signed by the party 
claimed to have given or consented thereto. Except to the extent otherwise 
agreed in writing, no waiver of any term, condition or other provision of 
this Agreement, or any breach thereof shall be deemed to be a waiver of any 
other term, condition or provision or any breach thereof, or any subsequent 
breach of the same term, condition or provision, nor shall any forbearance 
to seek a remedy for any noncompliance or breach be deemed to be a waiver 
of a party's rights and remedies with respect to such noncompliance or 
breach.
 
Section 7.10    Word Meanings. The words such as “herein,” “hereinafter,” 
“hereof,” and “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole and not merely 
to a subdivision in which such words appear unless the context otherwise 
requires. The singular shall include the plural, and vice versa, unless the 
context otherwise requires. The masculine shall include the feminine and 
neuter, and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires.
 
Section 7.11    Further Assurances. The Holders and the Company each hereby 
agree to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such 
other documents, instruments and agreements, and take such other actions, 
as either party may reasonably request in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 
Section 7.12    Costs and Expenses. The Holders and the Company shall each 
pay their own respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
negotiation, preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement, 
including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees.
 
Section 7.13    Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the 
meaning hereof.
 
Section 7.14    Severability. If any one or more of the provisions 
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and 
enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the 
remaining provisions contained herein shall not be

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

affected or impaired thereby.
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to 
be executed as of the date first above written.
 
 
 

 
 
HOLDERS:
 
 
 
 
 
GRACE BROTHERS, LTD.
 
 
 
Address:
 
 
 
1560 Sherman Avenue, Suite 900
Evanston, Illinois 60201
Attn: Bradford T. Whitmore



 
 
By: /s/BRADFORD T. WHITMORE
Name: Bradford T. Whitmore
Title: General Partner



              General Partner
 
Date of Execution: November 10, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRADFORD WHITMORE, Individual
Address:
 
 
 
1560 Sherman Avenue, Suite 900
Evanston, Illinois 60201
 



 
 
/s/BRADFORD T. WHITMORE
Bradford T. Whitmore
Date of Execution: November 10, 2010



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
 
 
 
SILVERLEAF RESORTS, INC.
Address:
 
 
 
1221 River Bend Drive, Suite 120
Dallas, Texas 75247
Attn: Robert E. Mead



 
 
By: /s/HARRY J. WHITE, JR.
Name: Harry J. White, Jr.
Title: Chief Financial Officer



              Chairman and Chief Executive
 
Date of Execution: November 10, 2010
            Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


EXHIBIT A
 
Notations to Global Note Pursuant to Section 9.05 of the Indenture dated as 
of June 30, 2009
 
 
                                         CUSIP No. 828395 AD5
 
On the 10th date of November, 2010, the following notations are added to 
the attached Global Note to be effective as of October 1, 2010 at 12:01 
a.m.:
 
1.    
At 12:01 a.m. on October 1, 2010, the interest rate shall be increased from 
10% to 12%
       
2.    
No further principal payments shall be made until April 1, 2012, at which 
time the outstanding principal shall be due and payable.
       
3.    
The description of the terms on the face of the Note and elsewhere in the 
Note are hereby amended to read:
       
   Payment Dates: Interest only at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid
   on October 1, 2009 and April 1, 2010; thereafter, principal of
   $1,144,673.46 and interest at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid on
   July 1, 2010; principal of $1,173,290.29 and interest at the rate of 10%
   per annum shall be paid on October 1, 2010; and thereafter interest only
   at the rate of 12% per annum shall be paid on the first day of January,
   April, July and October of each year, commencing on January 1, 2011 and
   continuing thereafter until the principal balance outstanding of the
   Notes is paid in full on April 1, 2012; or if any such day is not a
   Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each a “Payment
   Date”).
   Record Dates:  March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT B
 
FIRST SUPPLEMENT TO INDENTURE
 
 
This FIRST SUPPLEMENT TO INDENTURE (the “First Supplement”) is made and 
entered into on November __, 2010 to be effective as of October 1, 2010, by 
and among Silverleaf Resorts, Inc., a Texas corporation (the “Company”) and 
as guarantors, Silverleaf Travel, Inc., a Texas corporation, Silverleaf 
Berkshires, Inc., a Texas corporation, Awards Verification Center, Inc., a 
Texas corporation, and People Really Win Sweepstakes, Inc., a Texas 
corporation (each a “Guarantor” and collectively, the “Guarantors”), and 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (“Trustee”).
 
Reference is made to the Indenture dated as of June 30, 2009 by and among 
the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee pursuant to which the Company's 
10% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2012 were issued. Capitalized terms used 
in the First Supplement have the meanings given such terms in the 
Indenture, as supplemented hereby, except as provided otherwise herein.
 
The Company and the Guarantors have requested that the Indenture be amended 
pursuant to Section 9.02 thereof, as set forth below.
 
ARTICLE I
Amendments
 
The Indenture is hereby amended as follows:
 
1.    
The second paragraph of the preamble is amended to read in its entirety as 
follows:
 
            The Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree as follows
            for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable
            benefit of the Holders of the Notes (as defined).
 
2.    
The definition of “Notes” in Section 1.01 Definitions is amended to read in 
its entirety as follows:
 
            “Notes” means the 10% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2012 issued
            under the Indenture, as they may be modified from time to time
            in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Indenture.
 
3.    
Section 2.01(b) of the Indenture is amended to read in its entirety as 
follows:

            (1)    Global Notes. Notes shall be issued initially in the
            form of one or more Global Notes in definitive, fully
            registered form without interest coupons, which shall be
            deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented
            thereby with the Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office of the
            Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary (or with such other
            custodian as the Depositary may direct), and registered in the
            name of Cede & Co., as nominee of the Depositary, duly executed
            by the Company and authenticated. Each Global Note shall
            represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified
            therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the
            aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes from time
            to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal
            amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time
            to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect
            payments of principal, exchanges and redemptions. Interest on
            each Global Note at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid

1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


            on October 1, 2009 and April 1, 2010; thereafter, principal of
            $1,144,673.46 and interest at the rate of 10% per annum shall
            be paid on July 1, 2010; principal of $1,173,290.29 and
            interest at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid on October
            1, 2010; and thereafter interest only at the rate of 12% per
            annum shall be paid on the first day of January, April, July
            and October of each year, commencing on January 1, 2011 and
            continuing thereafter until the principal balance outstanding
            of the Notes is paid in full on April 1, 2012. Interest on each
            Global Note will accrue from the most recent date to which
            interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid on the
            Global Note, from the date of issuance; provided that if there
            is no existing Default in the payment of interest or principal,
            and if this Global Note is authenticated between a record date
            referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Payment
            Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Payment
            Date. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of
            any increase or decrease in the aggregate amount of outstanding
            Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the
            Note Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee.
             
4.    
The form of the Global Note set forth in the Indenture as Exhibit A and the 
Global Note itself shall be amended by attaching to the Global Note a 
notation pursuant to Section 9.05 of the Indenture in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit A.

 
ARTICLE II
Conditions Precedent
 
The Company hereby states that the following conditions precedent to this 
First Supplement have been fulfilled pursuant to Sections 9.02 and 9.06 of 
the Indenture:
 
1.    
The Holders of the Notes have unanimously consented to the amendments to 
the Indenture and the Global Note by executing a copy of the form of 
consent attached as Exhibit B hereto.
       
2.    
The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the form of the First 
Supplement.
 
ARTICLE III
Effective Date
 
This First Supplement is dated November __, 2010 to be effective as of 
October 1, 2010 (the “Effective Date”). As supplemented by this First 
Supplement, the Indenture and the Notes are ratified and confirmed in all 
respects, and the Indenture as so supplemented shall be read, taken and 
construed as one and the same instrument. This First Supplement shall form 
a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes 
heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.


ARTICLE IV
REAFFIRMATION
 
The Company and the Guarantors reaffirm and ratify (i) all the obligations 
to the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, in respect of the Indenture, 
as hereby amended, and (ii) agree that the Indenture, as hereby amended, 
shall remain in full force and effect, enforceable against the Company and 
the Guarantors in accordance with its terms.

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
 
 
ARTICLE V
Miscellaneous
 
1.    
This First Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall 
together constitute but one and the same instrument.
             
2.    
This First Supplement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws 
of the State of New York and shall for all purposes be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
             
3.    
In case any provision in this First Supplement to Indenture or in the Notes 
shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and 
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected 
or impaired thereby.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this First 
Supplement to be executed as of date set forth above to be effective as of 
the Effective Date.
 
 
 
 
[signatures follow]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this First 
Supplement to be executed as of date set forth above to be effective as of 
the Effective Date.
 
 

 
 
SILVERLEAF RESORTS, INC
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Joe W. Conner
 
 
Title:
Chief Operating Officer-Finance,
 
 
 
Development and Resort Operations
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Harry J. White, Jr.
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
AWARDS VERIFICATION CENTER, INC.
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Joe W. Conner
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Harry J. White, Jr.
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Treasurer
 
 
 
 
 
 
SILVERLEAF TRAVEL, INC
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Joe W. Conner
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Harry J. White, Jr.
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Treasurer
 
 
 
 
 
 
SILVERLEAF BERKSHIRES, INC.
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Joe W. Conner
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Harry J. White, Jr.
 
 
Title:
Treasurer
 
 

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
 
PEOPLE REALLY WIN SWEEPSTAKES, INC.
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Joe W. Conner
 
 
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Harry J. White, Jr.
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Treasurer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WELLS FARGO BANK,
 
 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
Lynn M. Steiner
 
 
Title:
Vice President
 

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


EXHIBIT A
 
Notations to Global Note Pursuant to Section 9.05 of the Indenture dated as 
of June 30, 2009
 
 
                                         CUSIP No. 828395 AD5
 
On the __ date of November, 2010, the following notations are added to the 
attached Global Note to be effective as of October 1, 2010 at 12:01 a.m.:
 
1.    
At 12:01 a.m. on October 1, 2010, the interest rate shall be increased from 
10% to 12%
       
2.    
No further principal payments shall be made until April 1, 2012, at which 
time the outstanding principal shall be due and payable.
       
3.    
The description of the terms on the face of the Note and elsewhere in the 
Note are hereby amended to read:
    
   Payment Dates: Interest only at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid
   on October 1, 2009 and April 1, 2010; thereafter, principal of
   $1,144,673.46 and interest at the rate of 10% per annum shall be paid on
   July 1, 2010; principal of $1,173,290.29 and interest at the rate of 10%
   per annum shall be paid on October 1, 2010; and thereafter interest only
   at the rate of 12% per annum shall be paid on the first day of January,
   April, July and October of each year, commencing on January 1, 2011 and
   continuing thereafter until the principal balance outstanding of the
   Notes is paid in full on April 1, 2012; or if any such day is not a
   Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each a “Payment
   Date”).
   Record Dates:  March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
 
FORM OF CONSENT TO FIRST SUPPLEMENT TO INDENTURE
 
 
To:    Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
 
Re:    Silverleaf Resorts, Inc.-10% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2012,
CUSIP No. 828395 AD 5 (the “Notes”)
 
 
Pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Indenture, the undersigned record holder, 
holding $____________ in aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, hereby consents on behalf of the beneficial owners to the 
amendment of the Indenture in the manner set forth in the First Supplement 
to Indenture, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee, in the 
form attached hereto (the “First Supplement”). Capitalized terms used, but 
not defined, in this consent shall have the meanings defined (including by 
reference) in the First Supplement.
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
[NAME OF HOLDER]
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
Medallion Signature Guarantee
 
Date of Execution:
Required
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 

 