 EX-10.4 5 ex10_4.htm PATENT INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.4
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version

 
PATENT INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This PATENT INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT, dated and effective as of July 13, 
2010, is entered into by and among, on one side, Toshiba Corporation, a 
Japanese corporation (“Toshiba”), and, on the other side, SanDisk 
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“SanDisk Corporation”), and SanDisk 
**** and SanDisk together with Toshiba, the “Parties”).
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba and SanDisk are parties to that certain Flash Forward 
Master Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “FF Master Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba and SanDisk are parties to that certain 3D Collaboration 
Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2008 (the “3D Collaboration Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Parties have agreed to expand their collaboration 
through a project for the joint development of and technical collaboration 
on **** (as defined in the 3D Collaboration Agreement) and technology;
 
****
 
WHEREAS, recognizing that the products SanDisk will acquire from the 
Company will have been manufactured using Toshiba patents and technology, 
and recognizing that SanDisk, as an owner of the equity interests in the 
Company, will benefit from Toshiba’s making available its patents and 
technology to the Company, the Parties have determined to enter into this 
Agreement, which is required by the FF Master Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1. INDEMNIFICATION.
 
1.1  
Patent Infringement. With regard to any and all sales of Y5 NAND Flash 
Memory Products and ****, if applicable, by the Company to SanDisk (“
Company Products”):
 
(a)  
Subject to the terms and conditions listed below, Toshiba agrees to 
indemnify and defend SanDisk in any legal proceeding, lawsuit or other 
judicial action, **** claims that the Company Products supplied by the 
Company infringe any **** patent(s). With regard to any claim of patent 
infringement for which Toshiba has indemnification obligations hereunder, 
Toshiba’s obligations are subject to the following conditions:
 
(i)  
SanDisk shall notify Toshiba in writing of such claim ****;
 
(ii)  
SanDisk shall also notify Toshiba in writing ****;
 
(iii)  
SanDisk shall provide Toshiba with notice of any other written 
communication indicating potential patent infringement claims against the 
Company Products ****; provided, however, SanDisk’s failure to provide such 
notice shall in no way constitute a breach of this Agreement by SanDisk nor 
in any way excuse Toshiba’s obligations under this Agreement;
 
(iv)  
****, Toshiba shall have the sole and exclusive control of the defense or 
settlement of such claim; ****; and
 
(v)  
SanDisk shall provide all reasonable assistance in defending such claim.
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.4
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
(b)  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Toshiba shall not be obligated to indemnify 
or defend SanDisk in the event that such infringement arises from:
 
(i)  
****;
 
(ii)  
****
 
(iii)  
****
 
(c)  
****
 
(d)  
****
 
(e)  
****
 
(f)  
In addition to the obligations set forth above, should any third party 
patent claim result in a temporary or permanent injunction against the 
manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, importation or otherwise disposal 
of the Company Products by SanDisk, Toshiba shall use best efforts to 
undertake one of the following actions:
 
(i)  
****
 
(ii)  
****
 
(g)  
The total cumulative liability of Toshiba under this Agreement, exclusive 
of the remedy set forth in subparagraph (e) above, shall be limited (i), 
with respect to ****, to an amount not to exceed the greater of (x) **** or 
(y) ****, and (ii), with respect to ****, if applicable, to an amount not 
to exceed the greater of (x) ****or (y) ****.
 
1.2  
Qualifying Claims.
 
(a)  
If either Party receives a notice of a **** or becomes aware that the 
Company has received such a notice, it shall promptly notify the other 
Party. Promptly following the notified Party’s receipt of such notice from 
the notifying Party, the Parties shall meet and discuss in good faith 
whether and how ****, in accordance with the principles set forth in 
Section 1.2(b).
 
(b)  
In discussing and evaluating each ****, Toshiba and SanDisk shall discuss 
and agree upon ****
 
(c)  
If despite their good faith efforts the Parties are not able to agree upon 
**** pursuant to Section 1.2(b) for ****, the matter shall be resolved in 
accordance with the dispute resolution procedures set forth in the FF 
Master Agreement.
 
(d)  
****.
 
1.3  
****.
 
2. TERMINATION
 
    This Agreement shall terminate ****, and upon such termination, this
    Agreement shall be of no further force and effect, and Toshiba and
    SanDisk shall thereafter have no liability hereunder.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.4
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
 
3. MISCELLANEOUS
 
3.1  
Certain Definitions and Interpretive Rules.
 
(a)  
As used herein, the term “Agreement” means this Patent Indemnification 
Agreement together with any exhibits, schedules, appendices and attachments 
hereto.
 
(b)  
Capitalized terms used but not defined in the main body of this Agreement 
shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in attached Appendix A
. If any capitalized term used in this Agreement is not defined in either 
the main body of this Agreement or Appendix A, it shall have the meaning 
assigned to it in the FF Master Agreement.
 
(c)  
The rules of construction and documentary conventions and general terms and 
conditions set forth in Appendix A shall apply to this Agreement.
 
3.2  
****
 
(a)  
****
 
(i)  
****
 
(ii)  
****
 
(iii)  
****
 
3.3  
Survival. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all 
covenants, agreements, representations and warranties of the Parties made 
in or pursuant to such agreement or instrument shall survive the execution 
and delivery of such agreement or instrument and the closing of the 
transactions contemplated thereby, notwithstanding any investigation by or 
on behalf of any party. Further, the provisions set forth in this Article 
III shall survive and shall apply with respect to this Agreement following 
termination thereof pursuant to Article II hereof.
 
3.4  
Assignment. Neither Party shall transfer, or grant or permit to exist any 
Lien (except Permitted Liens) on, this Agreement or any of its rights 
hereunder, (except for any transfer to an Affiliate or in connection with a 
merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all the assets or the 
outstanding securities of such Party, which transfer shall not require any 
consent of the other Party) without the prior written consent of the other 
Party (which consent may be withheld in each such other Party’s sole 
discretion), and any such purported transfer or Lien without such consent 
shall be void.  ****
 
3.5  
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed as to all 
matters including validity, construction and performance by and under the 
substantive laws of the State of California.
 
3.6  
****  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.9 of Appendix A, any 
other provision of this Agreement, and any delay beyond the date of hereof 
of execution by **** of this Agreement, Toshiba and SanDisk acknowledge and 
agree that, by the execution and delivery hereof to Toshiba and SanDisk 
Corporation: (i) this Agreement shall be effective as between Toshiba and 
SanDisk Corporation as of the date hereof; and (ii) ****.
 
 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
 
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.4
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
and delivered as of the date and year first above written.
 
 
  	TOSHIBA CORPORATION
  	 By: 	 /s/ Kiyoshi Kobayashi
  	 Name: 	 Kiyoshi Kobayashi
  	 Title: 	 President and CEO
  	  	 Semiconductor Company
  	  	 Corporate Senior Vice President
  	  	 
  	 SANDISK CORPORATION
  	 By: 	 /s/ Eli Harari
  	 Name: 	 Eli Harari
  	 Title: 	 Chairman and CEO
  	  	 
  	 
  	**** 	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
[Signature page to Flash Forward Patent Indemnification Agreement]
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
 
 
 
 