 EX-10.4 5 a10-17611_1ex10d4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
FIFTH LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This Fifth Loan Modification Agreement (this Loan Modification Agreement) 
is entered into as of September 24 2010, by and among (a) SILICON VALLEY 
BANK, a California corporation, with its principal place of business as 
3003 Tasman Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054 (SVB), as agent 
(Agent), and the other Lenders that are now or hereafter become a 
Lender under the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined), including 
without limitation, SVB and GOLD HILL VENTURE LENDING 03, L.P. (Gold 
Hill) and (b) A123 SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation with its chief 
executive office located at 321 Arsenal Street, Watertown, MA 02472 
(Borrower).
 
1.             DESCRIPTION OF EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS.  Among 
other indebtedness and obligations which may be owing by Borrower to the 
Lenders, Borrower is indebted to the Lenders pursuant to a loan arrangement 
dated as of August 2, 2006, evidenced by, among other documents, a certain 
Term Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 2, 2006, between 
Borrower and the Lenders, as amended by a certain First Loan Modification 
Agreement dated as of July 10, 2007, between Borrower and the Lenders, as 
further amended by a certain Section Loan Modification dated as of 
September 24, 2008, between Borrower and the Lenders (the Second 
Amendment), as amended by a certain Third Loan Modification dated as of 
March 16, 2009, between Borrower and the Lenders (the Third Amendment), 
and as further amended by a certain Fourth Loan Modification Agreement 
dated as of March 31, 2009 (as amended, the Loan Agreement).  Capitalized 
terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as 
in the Loan Agreement.
 
2.             DESCRIPTION OF COLLATERAL.  Repayment of the Obligations is 
secured by the Collateral as described in the Loan Agreement (together with 
any other collateral security granted to Agent, for the ratable benefit of 
the Lenders, the Security Documents).  Hereinafter, the Security 
Documents, together with all other documents evidencing or securing the 
Obligations shall be referred to as the Existing Loan Documents.
 
3.             DESCRIPTION OF CHANGE IN TERMS.
 
A.            Modifications to Loan Agreement.
 
                1.                                       The Loan Agreement
                shall be amended by deleting the following provision
                appearing as Section 2.6 thereof:
                 
                2.6        Overadvances.  If, at any time, the sum of (a)
                the outstanding principal amount of any Revolving Advances
                (including any amounts used for Cash Management Services),
                plus (b) the face amount of any outstanding Letters of
                Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit
                and any Letters of Credit Reserve), plus (c) the FX
                Reduction Amount exceeds the lesser of either the Revolving
                Line of the Borrowing Base, Borrower shall immediately pay
                to SVB in cash such excess.
                 
                and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
                 
                2.6        Overadvances.  If, at any time, the sum of (a)
                the outstanding principal amount of any Revolving Advances
                (including any amounts used for Cash Management Services),
                plus (b) the face amount of any outstanding Letters of
                Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit
                and any Letter of
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 
                Credit Reserve), plus (c) the FX Reduction Amount exceeds
                the lesser of either (i) the Revolving Line or (ii) the
                aggregate of (x) the Borrowing Base, plus (y) the Permitted
                Overadvance, Borrower shall immediately pay to SVB in cash
                such excess.
                 
                2.                                             The Loan
                Agreement shall be amended by deleting the following
                definition, appearing in Section 13.1 thereof:
                 
                                   Availability Amount is (a) the lesser
                 of (i) the Revolving Line or  (ii) the amount available
                 under the Borrowing Base minus (b) the amount of all
                 outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but
                 unreimbursed Letters of Credit) plus an amount equal to
                 any Letter of Credit Reserve, minus (c) any FX Reduction
                 Amount, minus (d) any unreimbursed amounts used for Cash
                 Management Services, and minus (e) the outstanding
                 principal balances of any Revolving Advances
                  
                                   Revolving Line Maturity Date is
                 September 24, 2010.
                  
                and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
                 
                                   Availability Amount is (a) the lesser
                 of (i) the Revolving Line of (ii) the aggregate amount of
                 (x) the amount available under the Borrowing Base, plus
                 (y) the Permitted Overadvance, minus (b) the amount of all
                 outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but
                 unreimbursed Letters of Credit) plus an amount equal to
                 any Letter of Credit Reserve, minus (c) any FX Reduction
                 Amount, minus (d) any unreimbursed amounts used for Cash
                 Management Services, and minus (e) the outstanding
                 principal balance of any Revolving Advances
                  
                                   Revolving Line Maturity Date is
                 December 23, 2010.
                  
                3.                                             The Loan
                Agreement shall be amended by inserting the following new
                definitions to appear alphabetically in Section 13.1
                thereof:
             
                                   2010 Effective Date is September 24,
                 2010.
                    
                                   Permitted Overadvance is an Advance
                 of Advances under the Revolving Line up to (i) Four
                 Million Dollars ($4,000,000.00) from the 2010 Effective
                 Date through and including the Revolving Line Maturity
                 Date.
                    
4.             FEES.  Borrower shall pay to SVB a modification fee equal to 
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), which fee shall be due and payable on 
the date hereof and shall be deemed fully earned as of the date hereof.  
Borrower shall also reimburse SVB and Lenders for all legal fees and 
expenses incurred in connection with this amendment to the Existing Loan 
Documents.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
5.             CONSISTENT CHANGES.  The Existing Loan Documents are hereby 
amended wherever necessary to reflect the changes described above.
 
6.             RATIFICATION OF LOAN DOCUMENTS.  Borrower hereby ratifies, 
confirms, and reaffirms all terms and conditions of all security or other 
collateral granted to the Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, 
and confirms that the indebtedness secured thereby includes, without 
limitation, the Obligations.
 
7.             NO DEFENSES OF BORROWER.  Borrower hereby acknowledges and 
agrees that, as of the Effective Date, Borrower has no offsets, defenses, 
claims, or counterclaims against Agent or Lenders with respect to the 
Obligations, or otherwise, and that if Borrower now has, or ever did have, 
any offsets, defenses, claims or counterclaims against Agent or Lenders, 
whether known or unknown, at law or in equity, all of them are hereby 
expressly WAIVED and Borrower hereby RELEASES Agent and Lenders from any 
liability thereunder.
 
8.             CONTINUING VALIDITY.  Borrower understands and agrees that 
in modifying the existing Obligations, Agent and Lenders are relying upon 
Borrowers representations, warranties, and agreements, as set forth in the 
Existing Loan Documents.  Except as expressly modified pursuant to this 
Loan Modification Agreement, the terms of the Existing Loan Documents 
remain unchanged and in full force and effect.  Lenders agreement to 
modifications to the existing Obligations pursuant to this Loan 
Modification Agreement in no way shall obligate any Lender to make any 
future modification to the Obligations.  Nothing in this Loan Modification 
Agreement shall constitute a satisfaction of the Obligations.  It is the 
intention of Lenders and Borrower to retain as liable parties all makers of 
Existing Loan Documents, unless the party is expressly released by Agent in 
writing.  No maker will be released by virtue of this Loan Modification 
Agreement.
 
9.             COUNTERSIGNATURE.  This Loan Modification Agreement shall 
become effective only when it shall have been executed by Borrower, Agent 
and Lenders.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
This Loan Modification Agreement is executed as a sealed instrument under 
the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as of the date first written 
above.
 
 
 BORROWER:
 
LENDERS:
  
 
 
 A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
 
SILICON VALLEY BANK, as Agent and Lender
  
 
 
By:
/s/  Michael Rubino
 
By:   /s/  Robin Gil
 
 
 
 
Name:
Michael Rubino
 
Name:  Robin Gill
 
 
 
 
Title:
CFO
 
Title:  VP
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GOLD HILL VENTURE LENDING 03, L.P., as Lender
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   /s/  David Fischer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  David Fischer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  Manager
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 