 EX-10.27 3 dex1027.htm FORM OF MANAGEMENT CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.27


Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Proprietary Information Agreement


This Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Proprietary Information Agreement 
(the Agreement), is made effective as of                     , between 
Affinia Group Holdings Inc. (the Company), and the employee signatory 
hereof (the Employee).



R E C I T A L S:


WHEREAS, the Company has granted Employee an option to purchase shares of 
the Company (the Option); and


WHEREAS, Employee, in consideration for the grant of the Option, has agreed 
to be subject to the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement.


NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as 
follows:


1. Confidentiality.


(a) Employee will not at any time (whether during or after Employees 
employment with the Company or any subsidiary) (x) retain or use for the 
benefit, purposes or account of Employee or any other Person (as defined 
below); or (y) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or 
provide access to any Person outside the Company or any subsidiary (other 
than its professional advisers who are bound by confidentiality 
obligations), any non-public, proprietary or confidential information  
including without limitation trade secrets, know-how, research and 
development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae, 
technology, designs and other intellectual property, information concerning 
finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products, services, 
vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel, compensation, 
recruiting, training, advertising, sales, marketing, promotions, government 
and regulatory activities and approvals  concerning the past, current or 
future business, activities and operations of the Company, its subsidiaries 
or affiliates and/or any third party that has disclosed or provided any of 
same to the Company on a confidential basis (Confidential Information) 
without the prior written authorization of the Companys board of 
directors.


(b) Confidential Information shall not include any information that is 
(a) generally known to the industry or the public other than as a result of 
Employees breach of this covenant or any breach of other confidentiality 
obligations by third parties; (b) made legitimately available to Employee 
by a third party without breach of any confidentiality obligation; or (c) 
required by law to be disclosed; provided that Employee shall give prompt 
written notice to the Company of such requirement, disclose no more 
information than is so required, and cooperate with any attempts by the 
Company to obtain a protective order or similar treatment.


(c) Except as required by law, Employee will not disclose to anyone, other 
than Employees immediate family and legal or financial advisors, the 
existence or contents of this Agreement; provided that Employee may 
disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of this 
Agreement provided they agree to maintain the confidentiality of such 
terms.


(d) Upon termination of Employees employment with the Company and its

------------------------------------------------------------------------
subsidiaries for any reason, Employee shall (x) cease and not thereafter 
commence use of any Confidential Information or intellectual property 
(including without limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade 
secret, trademark, trade name, logo, domain name or other source indicator) 
owned or used by the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates; (y) 
immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the Companys 
option, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including 
memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters and other data) in 
Employees possession or control (including any of the foregoing stored or 
located in Employees office, home, laptop or other computer, whether or 
not Company property) that contain Confidential Information or otherwise 
relate to the business of the Company, its affiliates and subsidiaries, 
except that Employee may retain only those portions of any personal notes, 
notebooks and diaries that do not contain any Confidential Information; and 
(z) notify and fully cooperate with the Company regarding the delivery or 
destruction of any other Confidential Information of which Employee is or 
becomes aware.


2. Non-Competition.


(a) Employee acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of 
the business of the Company and accordingly agrees as follows:

(i) During the term of Employees employment and, for a period of one year 
following the date Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and its 
subsidiaries (the Restricted Period), Employee will not, whether on 
Employees own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any person, 
firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or other 
business organization, entity or enterprise whatsoever (Person), directly 
or indirectly solicit or assist in soliciting in competition with the 
Company or any subsidiary, the business of any client or prospective 
client:

(A) with whom Employee had personal contact or dealings on behalf of the 
Company or any subsidiary during the one year period preceding Employees 
termination of employment;

(B) with whom employees reporting to Employee have had personal contact or 
dealings on behalf of the Company or any subsidiary during the one year 
immediately preceding the Employees termination of employment; or

(C) for whom Employee had direct or indirect responsibility during the one 
year immediately preceding Employees termination of employment.

(ii) During the Restricted Period, Employee will not directly or 
indirectly:

(A) engage in any business that competes with the business of the Company 
or its subsidiaries (including, without limitation, businesses which the 
Company or its subsidiaries have specific plans to conduct in the future 
and as to which Employee is aware of such planning) in any geographical 
area that is within 100 miles of any geographical area where the Company or 
its subsidiaries manufactures, produces, sells, leases, rents, licenses or 
otherwise provides its products or services (a Competitive Business);

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(B) enter the employ of, or render any services to, any Person (or any 
division or controlled or controlling affiliate of any Person) who or which 
engages in a Competitive Business;

(C) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved 
with, any Competitive Business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, 
partner, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or 
consultant; or

(D) interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, business relationships 
(whether formed before, on or after the date of this Agreement) between the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries and customers, clients, suppliers 
partners, members or investors of the Company or its affiliates.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Employee 
may, directly or indirectly own, solely as an investment, securities of any 
Person engaged in the business of the Company or its subsidiaries which are 
publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the 
over-the-counter market if Employee (i) is not a controlling person of, or 
a member of a group which controls, such person and (ii) does not, directly 
or indirectly, own 5% or more of any class of securities of such Person.

(iv) During the Restricted Period, Employee will not, whether on Employees 
own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person, directly or 
indirectly:

(A) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or its affiliates to 
leave the employment of the Company or its subsidiaries; or

(B) hire any such employee who was employed by the Company or its 
subsidiaries as of the date of Employees termination of employment with 
the Company or who left the employment of the Company or its subsidiaries 
coincident with, or within one year prior to or after, the termination of 
Employees employment with the Company and its subsidiaries.

(v) During the Restricted Period, Employee will not, directly or 
indirectly, solicit or encourage to cease to work with the Company or its 
subsidiaries any consultant then under contract with the Company or its 
affiliates.


(b) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Employee and the 
Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 2 to be 
reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of 
competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction 
contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against 
Employee, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but 
shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and 
to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate 
to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction 
finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, 
and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such 
finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other 
restrictions contained herein.


3. Inventions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(a) If Employee has created, invented, designed, developed, contributed to 
or improved any works of authorship, inventions, intellectual property, 
materials, documents or other work product (including without limitation, 
research, reports, software, databases, systems, applications, 
presentations, textual works, content, or audiovisual materials) (Works), 
either alone or with third parties, prior to Employees employment by the 
Company or its subsidiaries, that are relevant to or implicated by such 
employment (Prior Works), Employee hereby grants the Company a perpetual, 
non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, sublicensable license 
under all rights and intellectual property rights (including rights under 
patent, industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade secret, unfair 
competition and related laws) therein for all purposes in connection with 
the Companys current and future business.


(b) If Employee creates, invents, designs, develops, contributes to or 
improves any Works, either alone or with third parties, at any time during 
Employees employment by the Company or its subsidiaries and within the 
scope of such employment and/or with the use of any the Company resources 
(Company Works), Employee shall promptly and fully disclose same to the 
Company and hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and conveys, to the 
maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all rights and intellectual 
property rights therein (including rights under patent, industrial 
property, copyright, trademark, trade secret, unfair competition and 
related laws) to the Company to the extent ownership of any such rights 
does not vest originally in the Company.


(c) Employee agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current written 
records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, and any other form or 
media requested by the Company) of all Company Works. The records will be 
available to and remain the sole property and intellectual property of the 
Company at all times.


(d) Employee shall take all requested actions and execute all requested 
documents (including any licenses or assignments required by a government 
contract) at the Companys expense (but without further remuneration) to 
assist the Company in validating, maintaining, protecting, enforcing, 
perfecting, recording, patenting or registering any of the Companys rights 
in the Prior Works and Company Works. If the Company is unable for any 
other reason to secure Employees signature on any document for this 
purpose, then Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the 
Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and 
attorney in fact, to act for and in Employees behalf and stead to execute 
any documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts in connection 
with the foregoing.


(e) Employee shall not improperly use for the benefit of, bring to any 
premises of, divulge, disclose, communicate, reveal, transfer or provide 
access to, or share with the Company any confidential, proprietary or 
non-public information or intellectual property relating to a former 
employer or other third party without the prior written permission of such 
third party. Employee hereby indemnifies, holds harmless and agrees to 
defend the Company and its officers, directors, partners, employees, agents 
and representatives from any breach of the foregoing covenant. Employee 
shall comply with all relevant policies and guidelines of the Company, 
including regarding the protection of confidential information and 
intellectual property and potential conflicts of interest. Employee 
acknowledges that the Company may amend any such policies and guidelines 
from time to time, and that Employee remains at all

------------------------------------------------------------------------
times bound by their most current version.


(f) The provisions of Section 3 shall survive the termination of Employees 
employment for any reason.


4. Specific Performance. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the 
Companys remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of the 
provisions of Section 1, Section 2, and Section 3 would be inadequate and, 
in recognition of this fact, Employee agrees that, in the event of such a 
breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law and/or 
otherwise available to the Company under the terms of any compensation 
plan, program or arrangement (including Affinia Group Holdings Inc. 2005 
Stock Incentive Plan), the Company, without posting any bond, shall be 
entitled to cease making any payments or providing any benefit otherwise 
required by the Company and obtain equitable relief in the form of specific 
performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction 
or any other equitable remedy which may then be available.


5. Miscellaneous.


(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the 
conflict of laws provisions thereof.


(b) Entire Agreement/Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire 
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, warranties, covenants or 
undertakings between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein 
other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement may not be 
altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument signed by the 
parties hereto.


(c) No Waiver. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to 
any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver 
of such partys rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to 
insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this 
Agreement.


(d) Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of 
this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.


(e) Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable by Employee. This 
Agreement may be assigned by the Company to a person or entity which is an 
affiliate or a successor in interest to substantially all of the business 
operations of the Company. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations 
of the Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such 
affiliate or successor person or entity.


(f) Successors; Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon personal or legal representatives, 
executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributes, devises and 
legatees of the parties hereto.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures 
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the 
date first set forth above.
 
AFFINIA GROUP HOLDINGS INC.

 By:

  	
 
  	

 Name:

  	

 Title:

 

 EMPLOYEE

 

 (Signature)

 

 (Print Name)