 EX-10.7.1 10 dex1071.htm FORM OF NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT/STOCK OPTION 
AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.7.1



Single Touch Systems Inc. (formerly known as Hosting Site Network, Inc.)


2008 Stock Option Plan


NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT


                                                 :


You have been granted an option to purchase Common Stock of Single Touch 
Systems Inc., formerly known as Hosting Site Network, Inc. (the Company) 
as follows:
 

Board Approval Date:

  	                    
Date of Grant (Later of Board
Approval Date or Commencement
of Employment/Consulting):
  	                    

Exercise Price per Share:

  	$                    

Total Number of Shares Granted:

  	                    

Total Exercise Price:

  	$                    

Type of Option:

  	                     Shares Incentive Stock Option
  	                     Shares Nonqualified Stock Option

Expiration Date:

  	                    

Vesting Commencement Date:

  	                    

Vesting/Exercise Schedule:

  	So long as you are in Continuous Service Status with the Company (as 
defined in the Stock Option Agreement), the Shares underlying this Option 
shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the following 
schedule:                      of the total number of Shares subject to the 
Option shall vest and become exercisable immediately;                      
of the total number of Shares subject to the Option shall vest and become 
exercisable on the          month anniversary of the Vesting Commencement 
Date and              of the total number of Shares subject to the Option 
shall vest and become exercisable on each             ly anniversary 
thereafter.

Termination Period:

  	To the extent allowed by Section 5 of the Stock Option Agreement and not 
otherwise (and in no event later than the Expiration Date), this Option may 
be
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
   	exercised for 90 days after termination of Optionees employment or 
consulting relationship. Optionee is responsible for keeping track of the 
applicable exercise period, if any, following termination for any reason of 
his or her service relationship with the Company. The Company will not 
provide further notice of such exercise period, if any.

Transferability:

   	This Option may not be transferred.


By your signature and the signature of the Companys representative below, 
you and the Company agree that this option is granted under and governed by 
the terms and conditions of the Companys 2008 Stock Option Plan and the 
Stock Option Agreement, both of which are attached and made a part of this 
document. Accordingly, separate execution and delivery of the Stock Option 
Agreement is not required.


In addition, you agree and acknowledge that your rights to any Shares 
underlying the Option will be earned only as you provide services to the 
Company over time, that the grant of the Option is not as consideration for 
services you rendered to the Company before your Vesting Commencement Date, 
and that nothing in this Notice or the attached documents confers upon you 
any right to continue your employment or consulting relationship with the 
Company for any period of time, nor does it interfere in any way with your 
right or the Companys right to terminate that relationship at any time, 
for any reason, with or without Cause.


The per share Exercise Price is intended to be at least equal to the fair 
market value of the Companys Common Stock at the date of grant. The 
Company has attempted in good faith to make the fair market value 
determination in compliance with applicable tax law although there can be 
no certainty that the IRS will agree. If the IRS does not agree and asserts 
the fair market value at the time of grant is higher than the Exercise 
Price, the IRS could seek to impose greater taxes on you, including 
interest and penalties under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. While the 
Company thinks this is an unlikely event, the Company cannot provide 
absolute assurance and you may want to consult your own tax adviser with 
any questions.
 
  	 	  	 	  	Single Touch Systems Inc.
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 

 Optionee

  	 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
  	Title: 	  	
 
 
  	 	  	


IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements imposed 
by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this 
communication (including any attachments) (i) was not intended or written 
to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of avoiding any tax penalty 
and (ii) was not written to promote, market or recommend the transaction or 
matter addressed in the communication. Each taxpayer should seek advice 
based on the taxpayers particular circumstances from an independent tax 
advisor.
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
Single Touch Systems Inc. (formerly known as Hosting Site Network, Inc.)


2008 Stock Option Plan


STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT


1. Grant of Option. Single Touch Systems Inc., formerly known as Hosting 
Site Network, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby grants 
to                      (Optionee), an option (the Option) to purchase 
the total number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares) set forth in the 
Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice), at the exercise price per 
Share set forth in the Notice (the Exercise Price) subject to the terms, 
definitions and provisions of the Companys 2008 Stock Option Plan (the 
Plan) adopted by the Company, which is incorporated in this Agreement by 
reference. Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, the terms used in 
this Agreement shall have the meanings defined in the Plan or in the 
Notice.


2. Designation of Option. This Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock 
Option as defined in Section 422 of the Code only to the extent so 
designated in the Notice, and to the extent it is not so designated or to 
the extent the Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under 
Applicable Laws, then it is intended to be and will be treated as a 
Nonqualified Stock Option. Applicable Laws means the legal requirements 
relating to the administration of stock option and restricted stock 
purchase plans, including under applicable U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. 
federal and applicable state securities laws, other U.S. federal and state 
laws, the Code, any stock exchange rules or regulations and the applicable 
laws, rules and regulations of any other country or jurisdiction where 
Options or other Awards are granted under the Plan, as such laws, rules, 
regulations and requirements shall be in place from time to time.


Notwithstanding the above, if designated as an Incentive Stock Option, in 
the event that the Shares subject to this Option (and all other Incentive 
Stock Options granted to Optionee by the Company or any Affiliate, 
including under other plans of the Company) that first become exercisable 
in any calendar year have an aggregate fair market value (determined for 
each Share as of the date of grant of the option covering such Share) in 
excess of $100,000, the Shares in excess of $100,000 shall be treated as 
subject to a Nonqualified Stock Option, in accordance with Section 
5(c)(iii) of the Plan.


3. Exercise of Option. This Option shall be exercisable during its term in 
accordance with the Vesting/Exercise Schedule set out in the Notice and 
with the provisions of Section 5 of the Plan as follows:
 
  	(a) 	Right to Exercise.

(i) This Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a share.


(ii) In the event of Optionees death, disability or other termination of 
employment, the exercisability of the Option is governed by Section 5 
below, subject to the limitations contained in this Section 3.
 
-1-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(iii) In no event may this Option be exercised after the Expiration Date of 
the Option as set forth in the Notice.
 
  	(b) 	Method of Exercise.


(i) This Option shall be exercisable by execution and delivery of the 
Exercise Notice and Stock Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A 
(the Exercise Agreement) or of any other form of written notice approved 
for such purpose by the Company which shall state Optionees election to 
exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is 
being exercised, and such other representations and agreements as to the 
holders investment intent with respect to such Shares as may be required 
by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. Such written notice 
shall be signed by Optionee and shall be delivered to the Company by such 
means as are determined by the Committee in its discretion to constitute 
adequate delivery. The written notice shall be accompanied by payment of 
the Exercise Price. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon 
receipt by the Company of such written notice accompanied by the Exercise 
Price.


(ii) As a condition to the exercise of this Option and as further set forth 
in Section 10 of the Plan, Optionee agrees to make adequate provision for 
federal, state or other tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise 
upon the vesting or exercise of the Option, or disposition of Shares, 
whether by withholding, direct payment to the Company, or otherwise.


(iii) The Company is not obligated, and will have no liability for failure, 
to issue or deliver any Shares upon exercise of the Option unless such 
issuance or delivery would comply with the Applicable Laws, with such 
compliance determined by the Company in consultation with its legal 
counsel. This Option may not be exercised until such time as the Plan has 
been approved by the stockholders of the Company, or if the issuance of 
such Shares upon such exercise or the method of payment of consideration 
for such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable federal or 
state securities or other law or regulation, including any rule under Part 
221 of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations as promulgated by the 
Federal Reserve Board. As a condition to the exercise of this Option, the 
Company may require Optionee to make any representation and warranty to the 
Company as may be required by the Applicable Laws. Assuming such 
compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered 
transferred to Optionee on the date on which the Option is exercised with 
respect to such Shares.


4. Method of Payment. Payment of the Exercise Price shall be by any of the 
following, or a combination of the following, at the election of Optionee:


(a) cash or check; or


(b) if the Company (in its sole discretion, at the time) is at such time 
permitting same day sale cashless brokered exercises, delivery of a 
properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to 
a broker participating in such cashless brokered exercise program to 
deliver promptly to the Company the amount required to pay the exercise 
price (and applicable withholding taxes).
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
5. Termination of Relationship; Early Termination of Option. Following the 
date of cessation of Optionees Continuous Service Status for any reason 
(the Termination Date), Optionee may exercise the Option only as set 
forth in the Notice and this Section 5. To the extent that Optionee is not 
entitled to exercise this Option as of the Termination Date, or if Optionee 
does not exercise this Option within the Termination Period set forth in 
the Notice or the termination periods set forth below, the Option shall 
terminate in its entirety. In no event may any Option be exercised after 
the Expiration Date of the Option as set forth in the Notice. Continuous 
Service Status means the absence of any interruption or termination of 
service as an employee (including officer) or Outside Director of, or 
consultant or advisor to, either the Company or an Affiliate. Continuous 
Service Status shall not be considered interrupted in the case of: (i) sick 
leave; (ii) military leave; (iii) any other leave of absence approved by 
the Committee, provided that such leave is for a period of not more than 90 
days, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed 
by contract or statute, or unless provided otherwise pursuant to Company 
policy adopted from time to time; or (iv) transfers between locations of 
the Company or between the Company, its Affiliates or their respective 
successors. A change in status from the status of an employee, Outside 
Director, consultant or advisor to another of such statuses will not 
constitute an interruption of Continuous Service Status. However, for 
Incentive Stock Option purposes, termination of Continuous Service Status 
will occur when the employee ceases to be an employee (as determined in 
accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder) of the Company or one of its subsidiaries. The Committee shall 
determine whether any corporate transaction, such as a sale or spin-off of 
a division or business unit, or a joint venture, shall be deemed to result 
in a termination of Continuous Service Status.


(a) Termination. In the event of termination of Optionees Continuous 
Service Status other than as a result of voluntary termination by the 
Optionee or Optionees disability or death or for Cause (as defined in the 
Plan), Optionee may, to the extent Optionee is vested in the Option Shares 
at the Termination Date, exercise this Option during the Termination Period 
set forth in the Notice.


(b) Other Terminations of Relationship. In connection with any termination 
other than a termination covered by Section 5(a), Optionee may exercise the 
Option only as described below:


(i) Termination upon Disability of Optionee. In the event of termination of 
Optionees Continuous Service Status as a result of Optionees disability, 
Optionee may, but only within twelve months from the Termination Date, 
exercise this Option to the extent Optionee was vested in the Option Shares 
as of such Termination Date.


(ii) Death of Optionee. In the event of the death of Optionee (a) during 
the term of this Option and while an employee (including officers) or 
Outside Director of, or consultant or advisor to, either the Company or an 
Affiliate and having been in Continuous Service Status since the date of 
grant of the Option, or (b) within three months after Optionees 
Termination Date (but only if such cessation of services was not as a 
result of voluntary termination by the Optionee or for Cause), the Option 
may be exercised at any time within twelve months following the date of 
death by Optionees estate or by a person who acquired the right to 
exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent 
Optionee was vested in the Option as of the Termination Date.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(iii) Resignation; Termination for Cause. In the event Optionees 
Continuous Service Status is terminated as a result of voluntary 
termination by the Optionee or for Cause, the Option shall terminate 
immediately upon such termination for Cause as set forth in Section 5(c)(v) 
of the Plan. In the event Optionees employment or consulting relationship 
with the Company is suspended pending investigation of whether such 
relationship shall be terminated for Cause, all Optionees rights under the 
Option, including the right to exercise the Option, shall be suspended 
during the investigation period. The Committee shall have authority to 
effect such procedures and take such actions as are necessary to carry out 
the legal intent of this Section 5(b)(iii), including such procedures and 
actions as are required to cause Optionee to return to the Company Shares 
purchased under the Option that have been purchased or that vested within 
six months of the events giving rise to the for-Cause termination of 
Optionees Continuous Service Status and, if such Shares have been 
transferred by the Optionee, to remit to the Company the value of such 
transferred Shares.


(c) Termination of Option. This Option may terminate before its Expiration 
Date and before the dates specified under Section 5(a) and (b) above under 
certain circumstances as set forth in Section 13 of the Plan.


6. Non-Transferability of Option. Except as otherwise set forth in the 
Notice, this Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by 
will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during 
the lifetime of Optionee only by him or her. The terms of this Option shall 
be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and 
assigns of Optionee.


7. Tax Consequences. The Company has not provided any tax advice with 
respect to this Option or the disposition of the Shares. Optionee should 
obtain advice from an appropriate independent professional adviser with 
respect to the taxation implications of the grant, exercise, assignment, 
release, cancellation or any other disposal of this Option (each, a 
Trigger Event) and on any subsequent sale or disposition of the Shares. 
Optionee should also take advice in respect of the taxation indemnity 
provisions under Section 8 below. The per share Exercise Price of the 
Option is intended to be at least equal to the fair market value of the 
Companys Common Stock at the date of grant. The Company has attempted in 
good faith to make the fair market value determination in compliance with 
applicable tax law although there can be no certainty that the IRS will 
agree. If the IRS does not agree and asserts the fair market value at the 
time of grant is higher than the Exercise Price, the IRS could seek to 
impose greater taxes on Optionee, including interest and penalties under 
Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. While the Company thinks this is an 
unlikely event, the Company cannot provide absolute assurance and Optionee 
may want to consult Optionees own tax adviser with any questions.
 
  	8. 	Optionees Taxation Indemnity.

(a) To the extent permitted by law, Optionee hereby agrees to indemnify and 
keep indemnified the Company and the Company as trustee for and on behalf 
of any affiliate
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
entity, in respect of any liability or obligation of the Company and/or any 
affiliate entity to account for income tax or any other taxation provisions 
under the laws of Optionees country or citizenship and/or residence to the 
extent arising from a Trigger Event or arising out of the acquisition, 
retention and disposal of the Shares.


(b) The Company shall not be obliged to allot and issue any of the Shares 
or any interest in the Shares unless and until Optionee has paid to the 
Company such sum as is, in the opinion of the Company, sufficient to 
indemnify the Company in full against any liability the Company has for any 
amount of, or representing, income tax or any other tax arising from a 
Trigger Event (the Option Tax Liability), or Optionee has made such other 
arrangement as in the opinion of the Company will ensure that the full 
amount of any Option Tax Liability will be recovered from Optionee within 
such period as the Company may then determine.
 
  	9. 	Data Protection.

(a) To facilitate the administration of the Plan and this Agreement, it 
will be necessary for the Company (or its payroll administrators) to 
collect, hold and process certain personal information about Optionee and 
to transfer this data to certain third parties such as brokers with whom 
Optionee may elect to deposit any share capital under the Plan. Optionee 
consents to the Company (or its payroll administrators) collecting, holding 
and processing Optionees personal data and transferring this data to the 
Company or any other third parties insofar as is reasonably necessary to 
implement, administer and manage the Plan.


(b) Optionee understands that Optionee may, at any time, view Optionees 
personal data, require any necessary corrections to it or withdraw the 
consents herein in writing by contacting the Company, but acknowledges that 
without the use of such data it may not be practicable for the Company to 
administer Optionees involvement in the Plan in a timely fashion or at all 
and this may be detrimental to Optionee.


10. Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant 
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be 
governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.


12. Effect of Agreement. Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the 
Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and 
provisions thereof (and has had an opportunity to consult counsel regarding 
the Option terms), and hereby accepts this Option and agrees to be bound by 
its contractual terms as set forth herein and in the Plan. Optionee hereby 
agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and 
interpretations of the Committee regarding any questions relating to the 
Option. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the 
Plan and the terms and provisions of the Notice and this Agreement, the 
Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. The Option, including the Plan, 
constitutes the entire agreement between Optionee and the Company on the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals, written or oral, and 
all other communications between the parties relating to such subject 
matter.
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT A


Single Touch Systems Inc. (formerly known as Hosting Site Network, Inc.)


2008 Stock Option Plan


EXERCISE NOTICE AND STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


This Agreement (Agreement) is made as of                     , by and 
between Single Touch Systems Inc., formerly known as Hosting Site Network, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and                      (
Purchaser). To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are 
not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Companys 
2008 Stock Option Plan (the Plan).


1. Exercise of Option. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, 
Purchaser hereby elects to exercise his or her option to purchase           
           shares of the Common Stock (the Shares) of the Company under 
and pursuant to the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement granted             
                 ,                      (the Option Agreement). The 
purchase price for the Shares shall be $                     per Share for 
a total purchase price of $                    . The term Shares refers 
to the purchased Shares and all securities received in replacement of the 
Shares or as stock dividends or splits, all securities received in 
replacement of the Shares in a recapitalization, merger, reorganization, 
exchange or the like, and all new, substituted or additional securities or 
other properties to which Purchaser is entitled by reason of Purchasers 
ownership of the Shares.


2. Time and Place of Exercise. The purchase and sale of the Shares under 
this Agreement shall occur at the principal office of the Company 
simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 3(b) of the Option Agreement. On 
such date, the Company will deliver to Purchaser a certificate representing 
the Shares to be purchased by Purchaser (which shall be issued in 
Purchasers name) against payment of the exercise price therefor by 
Purchaser by any method listed in Section 4 of the Option Agreement.


3. Limitations on Transfer. In addition to any other limitation on transfer 
created by applicable securities laws, Purchaser shall not assign, encumber 
or dispose of any interest in the Shares except in compliance with the 
provisions below and applicable securities laws.


4. Repurchase Option on Termination For Cause. Purchaser acknowledges that 
in the event of termination of Purchasers Continuous Service Status for 
Cause, the Committee shall have authority to effect such procedures and 
take such actions as are necessary to carry out the legal intent of Section 
5(b)(iii) of the Option Agreement and Section 5(c)(v) of the Plan, 
including such procedures and actions as are required to cause Purchaser to 
return to the Company Shares purchased under the Option that have been 
purchased or that vested within six months of the events giving rise to the 
for-Cause termination of Purchasers Continuous Service Status and, if such 
Shares have been transferred by the Purchaser, to remit to the Company the 
value of such transferred Shares.
 
-1-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
5. Investment and Taxation Representations. In connection with the purchase 
of the Shares, Purchaser represents to the Company the following (provided, 
that the representation in subsections (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) shall be 
applicable if and only if the Shares are not registered under the 
Securities Act on Form S-8):


(a) Purchaser is aware of the Companys business affairs and financial 
condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to 
reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Shares. 
Purchaser is purchasing these securities for investment for his or her own 
account only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any 
distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act or under 
any applicable provision of state law. Purchaser does not have any present 
intention to transfer the Shares to any person or entity.


(b) Purchaser understands that the Shares have not been registered under 
the Securities Act by reason of a specific exemption therefrom, which 
exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of 
Purchasers investment intent as expressed herein.


(c) Purchaser further acknowledges and understands that the securities must 
be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered under the 
Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. 
Purchaser further acknowledges and understands that the Company is under no 
obligation to register the securities. Purchaser understands that the 
certificate(s) evidencing the securities will be imprinted with a legend 
which prohibits the transfer of the securities unless they are registered 
or such registration is not required in the opinion of counsel for the 
Company.


(d) Purchaser is familiar with the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under 
the Securities Act, which, in substance, permit limited public resale of 
restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly, from the issuer 
of the securities (or from an affiliate of such issuer), in a non-public 
offering subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Purchaser 
understands that the Company provides no assurances as to whether he or she 
will be able to resell any or all of the Shares pursuant to Rule 144, which 
rule requires, among other things, that the Company be subject to the 
reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
that resales of securities take place only after the holder of the Shares 
has held the Shares for certain specified time periods, and under certain 
circumstances, that resales of securities be limited in volume and take 
place only pursuant to brokered transactions. Notwithstanding this 
paragraph (d), Purchaser acknowledges and agrees to the restrictions set 
forth in paragraph (e) below.


(e) Purchaser further understands that in the event all of the applicable 
requirements of Rule 144 are not satisfied, registration under the 
Securities Act, compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration 
exemption will be required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 
144 is not exclusive, the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement 
securities other than in a
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rule 144 will have a 
substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from 
registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons 
and their respective brokers who participate in such transactions do so at 
their own risk.


(f) Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax 
consequences as a result of Purchasers purchase or disposition of the 
Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted any tax 
consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or 
disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company 
for any tax advice.


(g) Purchaser understands that the per share Exercise Price for the 
Shares is intended to be at least equal to the fair market value of the 
Companys Common Stock at the date of grant and that the Company has 
attempted in good faith to make the fair market value determination in 
compliance with applicable tax law although there can be no certainty that 
the IRS will agree. Purchaser understands that if the IRS does not agree 
and asserts that the fair market value at the time of grant is higher than 
the Exercise Price, the IRS could seek to impose greater taxes on 
Purchaser, including interest and penalties under Internal Revenue Code 
Section 409A.
 
  	6. 	Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Orders.

(a) Legends. If the Shares have not been registered under the Securities 
Act on Form S-8, the certificate or certificates representing the Shares 
shall bear the following legend (as well as any legends required by 
applicable state and federal corporate and securities laws):

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT 
WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO 
SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED UNLESS EFFECTED PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR UNDER ANOTHER EXEMPTION 
AVAILABLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (AS TO WHICH AVAILABILITY THE 
COMPANY MAY REQUIRE THE SELLER/TRANSFEROR TO PROVIDE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL 
SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY).


(b) Stop-Transfer Notices. Purchaser agrees that, in order to ensure 
compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue 
appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and 
that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate 
notations to the same effect in its own records.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(c) Refusal to Transfer. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer 
on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in 
violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as 
owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any 
purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so 
transferred.


7. No Employment Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any 
manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a parent or 
subsidiary of the Company, to terminate Purchasers employment or 
consulting relationship, for any reason, with or without Cause.


8. Tax Consequences. Purchaser should obtain advice from an appropriate 
independent professional adviser with respect to the taxation implications 
of the grant, issuance, purchase, retention, assignment, release, 
cancellation, sale or any other disposal of the Shares (each, a Trigger 
Event). Participant should also take advice in respect of the taxation 
indemnity provisions under Section 9 below.
 
  	9. 	Purchasers Taxation Indemnity.

(a) To the extent permitted by law, Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify 
and keep indemnified the Company and the Company as trustee for and on 
behalf of any affiliate entity, in respect of any liability or obligation 
of the Company and/or any affiliate entity to account for income tax or any 
other taxation provisions under the laws of Purchasers country or 
citizenship and/or residence to the extent arising from a Trigger Event.


(b) The Company shall not be obliged to allot and issue any of the Shares 
or any interest in the Shares unless and until Purchaser has paid to the 
Company such sum as is, in the opinion of the Company, sufficient to 
indemnify the Company in full against any liability the Company has for any 
amount of, or representing, income tax or any other tax arising from a 
Trigger Event (the Shares Tax Liability), or Purchaser has made such 
other arrangement as in the opinion of the Company will ensure that the 
full amount of any Shares Tax Liability will be recovered from Purchaser 
within such period as the Company may then determine.
 
  	10. 	Data Protection.

(a) To facilitate the administration of the Plan and this Agreement, it 
will be necessary for the Company (or its payroll administrators) to 
collect, hold and process certain personal information about Purchaser and 
to transfer this data to certain third parties such as brokers with whom 
Purchaser may elect to deposit any share capital under the Plan. Purchaser 
consents to the Company (or its payroll administrators) collecting, holding 
and processing Purchasers personal data and transferring this data to the 
Company or any other third parties insofar as is reasonably necessary to 
implement, administer and manage the Plan.


(b) Purchaser understands that Purchaser may, at any time, view Purchasers 
personal data, require any necessary corrections to it or withdraw the 
consents herein in writing by contacting the Company, but acknowledges that 
without the use of such data it may not be practicable for the Company to 
administer Purchasers involvement in the Plan in a timely fashion or at 
all and this may be detrimental to Purchaser.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
  	11. 	Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant 
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be 
governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.


(b) Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. This Agreement sets forth the 
entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject 
matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them. No 
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by 
the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any 
rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any 
rights of such party.


(c) Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to 
be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate 
such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a 
mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) 
such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of 
the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded 
and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance 
with its terms.


(d) Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by 
email or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. 
mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed 
to the party to be notified at such partys address as set forth below or 
as subsequently modified by written notice.


(e) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall 
constitute one instrument.


(f) Successors and Assigns. The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall 
inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Companys successors and 
assigns. The rights and obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement may 
only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.


[Signature Page Follows]
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
The parties have executed this Exercise Notice and Stock Purchase Agreement 
as of the date first set forth above.
 
COMPANY:
SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
PURCHASER:
 
 
(Signature)
 
 
(Printed Name)
Address: 	  	
 
  	
 
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
RECEIPT


The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of Certificate No.              
for              shares of Common Stock of Single Touch Systems Inc.
 
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Purchaser 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
RECEIPT


Single Touch Systems Inc. (the Company) hereby acknowledges receipt of 
check in the amount of $         given by                                  
as consideration for Certificate No.              for                      
shares of Common Stock of the Company.
 

 Dated:                     

  	 	  	Single Touch Systems Inc.
  	 	  	By: _________________________________________
  	 	  	Name: _______________________________________
  	 	  	Title: ________________________________________

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
2008 STOCK OPTION PLAN


1. Purpose. The purpose of this 2008 Stock Option Plan (the Plan) is to 
advance the interests of Hosting Site Network, Inc. (the Company) and its 
Affiliates (as defined below) by inducing eligible individuals of 
outstanding ability and potential to join and remain with, or to provide 
consulting or advisory services to, the Company or its Affiliates, by 
encouraging and enabling eligible employees, Outside Directors (as defined 
below), consultants, and advisors to acquire proprietary interests in the 
Company, and by providing participating eligible employees, Outside 
Directors, consultants, and advisors with an additional incentive to 
promote the success of the Company. These purposes are accomplished by 
providing for the granting of Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock 
Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, and Restricted Stock (all as defined 
below) to eligible employees, Outside Directors, consultants, and advisors.


2. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following terms have the meanings 
indicated:


(a) Affiliate means a parent corporation or a subsidiary corporation 
(as set forth in Code Sections 424(e) and 424(f), respectively) of the 
Company.


(b) Applicable Withholding Taxes means the aggregate minimum amount of 
federal, state, local, and foreign income, payroll, and other taxes that an 
Employer is required to withhold in connection with the grant, vesting, or 
exercise of any Award.


(c) Award means an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonqualified Stock Option, a 
Stock Appreciation Right, or Restricted Stock.


(d) Beneficiary means the person or entity designated by the Participant, 
in a form approved by the Company, to exercise the Participants rights 
with respect to an Award after the Participants death. If the Participant 
does not validly designate a Beneficiary, or if the designated person no 
longer exists, then the Participants Beneficiary shall be his or her 
estate.


(e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.


(f) Cause shall have the same meaning given to such term (or other term 
of similar meaning) in Employment Agreements for purposes of termination of 
employment under such agreement, and in the absence of any such agreement 
or if such agreement does not include a definition of Cause (or other 
term of similar meaning), the term Cause shall mean (i) any material 
breach by the Participant of any agreement to which the Participant and the 
Company or an Affiliate are parties, (ii) any continuing act or omission to 
act by the Participant which may have a material and adverse effect on the 
Companys business or on the Participants ability to perform services for 
the Company or an Affiliate, including, without limitation, the commission 
of any crime (other than minor traffic violations), or (iii) any material 
misconduct or material neglect of duties by the Participant in connection 
with the business or affairs of the Company or an Affiliate.


(g) Change in Control means, unless such term or an equivalent term is 
otherwise defined with respect to an Award by the Participants Award 
agreement, any Employment Agreement or in a written contract of service, 
the occurrence of any of the following:
 
(i) 	

any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 
Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 
promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities 
of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total 
combined voting power of the Companys then-outstanding securities entitled 
to vote generally in the election of Directors; provided, however, that the 
following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (1) an 
acquisition by any such person who on the Effective Date is the beneficial 
owner of more than fifty percent (50%) of such voting power, (2) any 
acquisition directly from

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

the Company, including, without limitation, a public offering of 
securities, (3) any acquisition by the Company, (4) any acquisition by a 
trustee or other fiduciary under an employee benefit plan of a 
Participating Company or (5) any acquisition by an entity owned directly or 
indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same 
proportions as their ownership of the voting securities of the Company; or

 
(ii) 	an Ownership Change Event or series of related Ownership Change 
Events (collectively, a Transaction) in which the stockholders of the 
Company immediately before the Transaction do not retain immediately after 
the Transaction direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than fifty 
percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the outstanding 
securities entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors or, in 
the case of an Ownership Change Event described in Section 2(x)(iii), the 
entity to which the assets of the Company were transferred (the 
Transferee), as the case may be; or
 
(iii) 	a liquidation or dissolution of the Company.


provided, however, that a Change in Control shall be deemed not to include 
a transaction described in subsections (i) or (ii) of this paragraph (g) in 
which a majority of the members of the board of directors of the 
continuing, surviving or successor entity, or parent thereof, immediately 
after such transaction is comprised of incumbent Directors. For purposes of 
the preceding sentence, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, 
without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting 
securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own 
the Company or the Transferee, as the case may be, either directly or 
through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities. The 
Committee shall have the right to determine whether multiple sales or 
exchanges of the voting securities of the Company or multiple Ownership 
Change Events are related, and its determination shall be final, binding 
and conclusive.


(h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, and any rulings or regulations promulgated thereunder.


(i) Committee means the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board, 
or such other committee of the Board as the Board appoints to administer 
the Plan; provided, however, that should Section 162(m) of the Code and 
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 apply to Awards under the 
Plan, if any member of the Committee does not qualify as both an outside 
director for purposes of Code Section 162(m) and a non-employee director 
for purposes of Rule 16b-3, the remaining members of the Committee (but not 
less than two members) shall be constituted as a subcommittee of the 
Committee to act as the Committee for purposes of the Plan.


(j) Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.


(k) Company means Hosting Site Network, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and 
its subsidiaries.


(l) Company Stock means common stock, par value $.001 per share, of the 
Company. In the event of a change in the capital structure of the Company 
affecting the common stock (as provided in Section 14), the shares 
resulting from such a change in the common stock shall be deemed to be 
Company Stock within the meaning of the Plan.


(m) Date of Grant means the date on which the Committee grants an Award, 
or such future date as may be determined by the Committee.


(n) Disability means a disability within the meaning of Code Section 
22(e)(3).


(o) Employer means the Company and each Affiliate that employs one or 
more Participants.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(p) Employment Agreement means any written employment or other similar 
agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate.


(q) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


(r) Fair Market Value means on any given date the fair market value of 
Company Stock as of such date, as determined by the Committee. If the 
Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or traded on the 
over-the-counter market, Fair Market Value means the closing selling price 
or, if not available, the closing bid price or, if not available, the high 
bid price of the Common Stock quoted on such exchange, or on the 
over-the-counter market as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market (NASDAQ), 
or if the Common Stock is not listed on NASDAQ, then by the National 
Quotation Bureau, Incorporated, on the day immediately preceding the day on 
which the Award is granted or exercised, as the case may be, or, if there 
is no selling or bid price on that day, the closing selling price, closing 
bid price, or high bid price on the most recent day which precedes that day 
and for which such prices are available.


(s) Incentive Stock Option means an Option that qualifies for favorable 
income tax treatment under Code Section 422.


(t) Mature Shares means shares of Company Stock for which the shareholder 
has good title, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances.


(u) Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not an Incentive 
Stock Option.


(v) Option means a right to purchase Company Stock granted under the 
Plan, at a price determined in accordance with the Plan.


(w) Outside Director means a member of the Board who is not an employee 
of, or a consultant or advisor to, the Company or an Affiliate as of the 
Date of Grant.


(x) Ownership Change Event means the occurrence of any of the following 
with respect to the Company: (i) the direct or indirect sale or exchange in 
a single or series of related transactions by the stockholders of the 
Company of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock of the 
Company; (ii) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is a party; or 
(iii) the sale, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company (other than a sale, exchange or transfer to one or 
more subsidiaries of the Company).


(y) Participant means any employee, Outside Director, consultant, or 
advisor (including independent contractors, professional advisors, and 
service providers) of the Company or an Affiliate who receives an Award 
under the Plan.


(z) Restricted Stock means Company Stock awarded under Section 8 of the 
Plan.


(aa) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 of the Commission promulgated under the 
Exchange Act. A reference in the Plan to Rule 16b-3 shall include a 
reference to any corresponding rule (or number redesignation) of any 
amendments to Rule 16b-3 enacted after the effective date of the Plans 
adoption.


(bb) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


(cc) Stock Appreciation Right means a right to receive amounts awarded 
under Section 7.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
3. Stock. Subject to Section 13 of the Plan, there shall be reserved for 
issuance under the Plan an aggregate of eight million eight hundred 
thousand (8,800,000) shares of Company Stock, which may be authorized but 
un-issued shares, or shares held in the Companys treasury, or shares 
purchased from stockholders expressly for use under the Plan. In addition, 
shares allocable to Awards granted under the Plan that expire, are 
forfeited, are cancelled without the delivery of the shares, or otherwise 
terminate unexercised, may again be available for Awards under the Plan. 
For purposes of determining the number of shares that are available for 
Awards under the Plan, the number shall also include the number of shares 
surrendered by a Participant actually or by attestation or retained by the 
Company in payment of Applicable Withholding Taxes, and any Mature Shares 
surrendered by a Participant upon exercise of an Option or in payment of 
Applicable Withholding Taxes. Shares issued under the Plan through the 
settlement, assumption, or substitution of outstanding awards or 
obligations to grant future awards as a condition of an Employer acquiring 
another entity shall not reduce the maximum number of shares available for 
delivery under the Plan.


4. Eligibility. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee shall have 
the power and complete discretion, as provided in Section 12, to select 
eligible employees, Outside Directors, consultants, and advisors to receive 
an Award under the Plan; provided, however, that any Award shall be subject 
to the following terms and conditions:


(a) Only those individuals who are employees (including officers) of the 
Company or an Affiliate at the Date of Grant shall be eligible to receive 
an Incentive Stock Option under the Plan.


(b) All employees (including officers) and Outside Directors of, or 
consultants and advisors to, either the Company or an Affiliate at the Date 
of Grant shall be eligible to receive Nonqualified Stock Options, Stock 
Appreciation Rights, and Restricted Stock; provided, however, that 
Nonqualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, and Restricted Stock 
may not be granted to any such consultants and advisors unless (i) bona 
fide services have been or are to be rendered by such consultant or advisor 
and (ii) such services are not in connection with the offer or sale of 
securities in a capital raising transaction.


(c) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, any recipient of an 
Award under the Plan must be includable in the definition of employee 
provided in the general instructions to Form S-8 Registration Statement 
under the Securities Act.


(d) The grant of an Award shall not obligate an Employer to pay any 
employee, Outside Director, consultant, or advisor any particular amount of 
remuneration, to continue the employment of the employee or engagement of 
the Outside Director, consultant, or advisor after the grant, or to make 
further grants to the employee, Outside Director, consultant, or advisor at 
any time thereafter.


5. Stock Options.

(a) The Committee may make grants of Options to Participants. Except as 
otherwise provided herein, the Committee shall determine the number of 
shares for which Options are granted, the Option exercise price per share, 
whether the Options are Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock 
Options, and any other terms and conditions to which the Options are 
subject.


(b) The exercise price of shares of Company Stock covered by an Option 
shall be not less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value of Company 
Stock on the Date of Grant. Except as provided in Section 13, (i) the 
exercise price of an Option may not be decreased after the Date of Grant 
and (ii) a Participant may not surrender an Option in consideration for the 
grant of a new Option with a lower exercise price or another Award.


(c) All Options granted hereunder shall be subject to the following terms 
and conditions:


(i) All Options shall be evidenced by a written stock option agreement (the 
Stock Option Agreement) setting forth all the relevant terms of the 
Award.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ii) No Option shall be exercisable more than 10 years after the Date of 
Grant.


(iii) The aggregate Fair Market Value, determined at the Date of Grant, of 
shares for which Incentive Stock Options become exercisable by a 
Participant during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000 and any 
amount in excess of $100,000 shall be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock 
Option. The maximum aggregate number of shares for which Incentive Stock 
Options may be issued under the Plan to any Participant in any calendar 
year shall be 200,000.


(iv) If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to an employee who owns, at 
the Date of Grant, more than 10 percent of the total combined voting power 
of all classes of stock of the Company or an Affiliate, then (A) the option 
price of the shares subject to the Incentive Stock Option shall be at least 
110% of the Fair Market Value of the Company Stock at the Date of Grant and 
(B) such Incentive Stock Option shall not be exercisable after the 
expiration of 5 years from the Date of Grant.


(v) Subject to earlier termination of the Option as otherwise provided 
herein and unless otherwise provided in any Employment Agreement or as 
provided by the Committee in the grant of an Option and set forth in or 
incorporated into the Stock Option Agreement: (A) if the employment of an 
employee by, or the services of an Outside Director for, or consultant or 
advisor to, the Company or an Affiliate should be terminated for Cause or 
terminated voluntarily by the grantee, then any outstanding Option shall 
terminate immediately, (B) if such employment or services terminates for 
any other reason, any such Option exercisable as of the date of termination 
may be exercised at any time within three months of termination. For 
purposes of this subsection, (y) the retirement of an individual either 
pursuant to a pension or retirement plan maintained by the Company or an 
Affiliate or at the applicable normal retirement date prescribed from time 
to time by the Company shall be deemed to be termination of the 
individuals employment other than voluntarily or for Cause, and (z) an 
individual who leaves the employ or services of the Company or an Affiliate 
to become an employee or Outside Director of, or a consultant or advisor 
to, an entity that has assumed the Option as a result of a corporate 
reorganization or the like shall not be considered to have terminated 
employment or services.


(vi) Subject to earlier termination of the Option as otherwise provided 
herein and unless otherwise provided in any Employment Agreement or as 
provided by the Committee in the grant of an Option and set forth in or 
incorporated into the Stock Option Agreement, if the holder of an Option 
under the Plan ceases employment or services because of Disability while 
employed by, or while serving as an Outside Director for or a consultant or 
advisor to, the Company or an Affiliate, then such Option may, subject to 
the provisions of subsection (viii) below, be exercised at any time within 
one year after the termination of employment or services due to the 
Disability.


(vii) Subject to earlier termination of the Option as otherwise provided 
herein and unless otherwise provided in any Employment Agreement or as 
provided by the Committee in the grant of an Option and set forth in or 
incorporated into the Stock Option Agreement, if the holder of an Option 
under the Plan dies (A) while employed by, or while serving as an Outside 
Director for or a consultant or advisor to, the Company or an Affiliate, or 
(B) within three months after the termination of employment or services 
other than voluntarily by the grantee or for Cause, then such Option may, 
subject to the provisions of subsection (viii) below, be exercised by the 
Participants Beneficiary at any time within one year after the 
Participants death.


(viii) An Option may not be exercised after termination of employment, 
termination of directorship, termination of consulting or advisory 
services, Disability or death except to the extent that the holder was 
entitled to exercise the Option at the time of such termination or as 
otherwise provided in a currently effective written Employment Agreement, 
consulting agreement or other related agreement executed between the 
Company and the employee, Outside Director or consultant or advisor, and in 
any event may not be exercised after the expiration of the Option in 
accordance with the terms of the grant.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ix) The employment relationship of an employee of the Company or an 
Affiliate shall be treated as continuing intact while the employee is on 
military or sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if such leave 
does not exceed 90 days or, if longer, so long as the employees right to 
reemployment is guaranteed either by statute or by contract.


(d) The holder of any Option granted under the Plan shall have none of the 
rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares covered by the Option 
until such stock shall be transferred to the holder upon the exercise of 
the Option.


6. Grants to Outside Directors. Awards, other than Incentive Stock Options, 
may be made to Outside Directors. The Committee shall have the power and 
complete discretion to select Outside Directors to receive Awards. The 
Committee shall have the complete discretion, under provisions consistent 
with Section 12, to determine the terms and conditions, the nature of the 
Award and the number of shares to be allocated as part of each Award for 
each Outside Director. The grant of an Award shall not obligate the Company 
to make further grants to the Outside Director at any time thereafter or to 
retain any person as a director for any period of time.


7. Stock Appreciation Rights. Concurrently with the award of any Option to 
purchase one or more shares of Common Stock, the Committee may, in its sole 
discretion, award to the optionee with respect to each share of Common 
Stock covered by an Option a related Stock Appreciation Right, which 
permits the optionee to be paid the appreciation on the related Option in 
lieu of exercising the Option. The Committee shall establish as to each 
award of Stock Appreciation Rights the terms and conditions to which the 
Stock Appreciation Rights are subject; provided, however, that the 
following terms and conditions shall apply to all Stock Appreciation 
Rights:


(a) A Stock Appreciation Right granted with respect to an Incentive Stock 
Option must be granted together with the related Option. A Stock 
Appreciation Right granted with respect to a Nonqualified Stock Option may 
be granted together with the grant of the related Option.


(b) A Stock Appreciation Right shall entitle the Participant, upon exercise 
of the Stock Appreciation Right, to receive in exchange an amount equal to 
the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of Company 
Stock covered by the surrendered Stock Appreciation Right over (ii) the 
Fair Market Value of Company Stock on the Date of Grant of the Stock 
Appreciation Right. The Committee may limit the amount that the Participant 
will be entitled to receive upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right.


(c) A Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised only if and to the extent 
the underlying Option is exercisable, and a Stock Appreciation Right may 
not be exercisable in any event more than 10 years after the Date of Grant.


(d) A Stock Appreciation Right may only be exercised at a time when the 
Fair Market Value of Company Stock covered by the Stock Appreciation Right 
exceeds the Fair Market Value of Company Stock on the Date of Grant of the 
Stock Appreciation Right. The Stock Appreciation Right may provide for 
payment in Company Stock or cash, or a fixed combination of Company Stock 
and cash, or the Committee may reserve the right to determine the manner of 
payment at the time the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.


(e) To the extent a Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, the underlying 
Option shall be cancelled, and the shares of Company Stock represented by 
the Option shall no longer be available for Awards under the Plan.
 
8. 	Restricted Stock Awards.

(a) The Committee may make grants of Restricted Stock to a Participant. The 
Committee shall establish as to each award of Restricted Stock the terms 
and conditions to which the Restricted Stock is subject, including the 
period of time before which all restrictions shall lapse and the 
Participant shall have full ownership of

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Company Stock. The Committee in its discretion may award Restricted 
Stock without cash consideration. All Restricted Stock Awards shall be 
evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement setting forth all the relevant 
terms of the Award.


(b) Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, 
hypothecated, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until the restrictions 
have lapsed or been removed. Certificates representing Restricted Stock 
shall be held by the Company until the restrictions lapse, and the 
Participant shall provide the Company with appropriate stock powers 
endorsed in blank.
 
9. 	Method of Exercise of Options.

(a) Options may be exercised by the Participant (or his or her legal 
guardian or personal representative) by giving written notice of the 
exercise to the Company at its principal office (attention of the Corporate 
Secretary) pursuant to procedures established by the Company. The notice 
shall state the number of shares the Participant has elected to purchase 
under the Option. Such notice shall be accompanied, or followed within 10 
days of delivery thereof, by payment of the full exercise price of such 
shares. The exercise price may be paid in cash by means of a check payable 
to the order of the Company or, if the terms of an Option permit, (i) by 
delivery or attestation of Mature Shares (valued at their Fair Market 
Value) in satisfaction of all or any part of the exercise price, (ii) by 
delivery of a properly executed exercise notice with irrevocable 
instructions to a broker to deliver to the Company the amount necessary to 
pay the exercise price from the sale or proceeds of a loan from the broker 
with respect to the sale of Company Stock or a broker loan secured by the 
Company Stock, (iii) by such other consideration as may be approved by the 
Committee from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law, or 
(iv) by any combination of (i) through (iii) hereof.


(b) Unless prior to the exercise of the Option the shares issuable upon 
such exercise have been registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, the notice of exercise 
shall be accompanied by a representation or agreement of the individual or 
entity exercising the Option to the Company to the effect that such shares 
are being acquired for investment purposes and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof, and such other documentation as may be required by 
the Company, unless in the opinion of counsel to the Company such 
representation, agreement or documentation is not necessary to comply with 
any such act.


(c) The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Company Stock until 
the shares have been listed on each securities exchange or market on which 
the Company Stock may then be listed or until there has been qualification 
under or compliance with such federal or state laws, rules or regulations 
as the Company may deem applicable. The Company shall use reasonable 
efforts to obtain such listing, qualification and compliance.


10. Tax Withholding. Each Participant shall agree as a condition of 
receiving an Award payable in the form of Company Stock to pay to the 
Employer, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Employer regarding the 
payment to the Employer of, Applicable Withholding Taxes. Under procedures 
established by the Committee or its delegate, a Participant may elect to 
satisfy Applicable Withholding Taxes by (i) making a cash payment or 
authorizing additional withholding from cash compensation, (ii) delivering 
Mature Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value), or (iii) if the 
applicable Stock Option Agreement or Restricted Stock Agreement permits, 
having the Company retain that number of shares of Company Stock (valued at 
their Fair Market Value) that would satisfy all or a specified portion of 
the Applicable Withholding Taxes.


11. Transferability of Awards. Awards shall not be transferable except by 
will or by the laws of descent and distribution.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12. 	Administration of the Plan.

(a) The Committee shall administer the Plan. Subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Plan, the Committee shall have general 
authority to impose any term, limitation, or condition upon an Award that 
the Committee deems appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Award and 
of the Plan. The Committee may adopt rules and regulations for carrying out 
the Plan with respect to Participants and Beneficiaries. The interpretation 
and construction of any provision of the Plan by the Committee shall be 
final and conclusive as to any Participant or Beneficiary.


(b) The Committee shall have the power to amend the terms and conditions of 
previously granted Awards so long as the terms as amended are consistent 
with the terms of the Plan and provided that the consent of the Participant 
is obtained with respect to any amendment that would be detrimental to him 
or her, except that such consent will not be required if such amendment is 
for the purpose of complying with Rule 16b-3 or any requirement of the Code 
or of other securities laws applicable to the Award.


(c) The Committee shall have the power and complete discretion (i) to 
delegate to any individual, or to any group of individuals employed by the 
Company or any Affiliate, the authority to grant Awards under the Plan and 
(ii) to determine the terms and limitations of any delegation of authority; 
provided, however, that the Committee may not delegate power and discretion 
to the extent such action would cause noncompliance with, or the imposition 
of penalties, excise taxes, or other sanctions under, applicable corporate 
law, Rule 16b-3, Code Section 162(m) or 409A, or any other applicable 
securities or tax law.


(d) The Committee shall have the power to include one or more provisions in 
the terms of Award grants to provide for the cancellation of an outstanding 
Award in the event the Participant violates any agreement or other 
obligation dealing with non-competition, non-solicitation or protection of 
the Companys confidential information.
 
13. 	Change in Capital Structure; Change of Control.

(a) Change in Capital Structure. In the event of a stock dividend, stock 
split, or combination of shares, share exchange, share distribution, 
recapitalization or merger in which the Company is the surviving 
corporation, a spin-off or split-off of a subsidiary or Affiliate, or other 
change in the Companys capital stock (including, but not limited to, the 
creation or issuance to shareholders generally of rights, options, or 
warrants for the purchase of common stock or preferred stock of the 
Company) subsequent to July 31, 2008, the aggregate number and kind of 
shares of stock or securities of the Company to be subject to the Plan and 
to Awards then outstanding or to be granted, the maximum number of shares 
or securities which may be delivered under the Plan under Sections 3(a), 
3(b), or 8, the per share exercise price of Options, the terms of Awards, 
and other relevant provisions shall be proportionately and appropriately 
adjusted by the Committee in its discretion, and the determination of the 
Committee shall be binding on all persons. If the adjustment would produce 
fractional shares with respect to any unexercised Option, the Committee may 
adjust appropriately and in a nondiscriminatory manner the number of shares 
covered by the Option so as to eliminate the fractional shares.


(b) Effect of Change in Control on Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. 
Subject to the terms of any Employment Agreement, the Committee may provide 
in an Award agreement for, or in the event of a Change in Control may take 
such actions as it deems appropriate to provide for, any one or more of the 
following:


(i) Accelerated Vesting. The Committee may provide for the acceleration of 
the exercisability and vesting in connection with a Change in Control of 
any or all outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights and shares 
acquired upon the exercise thereof upon such conditions, including 
termination of the Participants service prior to, upon, or following such 
Change in Control, and to such extent as the Committee shall determine.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ii) Assumption or Substitution. In the event of a Change in Control, the 
surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, 
as the case may be (the Acquiror), may, without the consent of any 
Participant, either assume or continue the Companys rights and obligations 
under any or all outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights or 
substitute for any or all outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights 
substantially equivalent options and stock appreciation rights (as the case 
may be) for the Acquirors stock. Any Options or Stock Appreciation Rights 
which are neither assumed or continued by the Acquiror in connection with 
the Change in Control nor exercised as of the time of consummation of the 
Change in Control shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as 
of the time of consummation of the Change in Control.


(iii) Cash-Out. The Committee may, in its sole discretion and without the 
consent of any Participant, determine that, upon the occurrence of a Change 
in Control, each or any Option or Stock Appreciation Right outstanding 
immediately prior to the Change in Control shall be canceled in exchange 
for a payment with respect to each vested share (and each unvested share, 
if so determined by the Committee) of Company Stock subject to such 
canceled Option or Stock Appreciation Right in (i) cash, (ii) stock of the 
Company or of a corporation or other business entity a party to the Change 
in Control, or (iii) other property which, in any such case, shall be in an 
amount having a Fair Market Value equal to the excess of the Fair Market 
Value of the consideration to be paid per share of Company Stock in the 
Change in Control over the exercise price per share under such Option or 
Stock Appreciation Right (the Spread). In the event such determination is 
made by the Committee, the Spread (reduced by applicable withholding taxes, 
if any) shall be paid to Participants in respect of the vested portion (and 
unvested portion, if so determined by the Committee) of their canceled 
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights as soon as practicable following the 
date of the Change in Control.


(iv) Effect of Change in Control on Restricted Stock Awards. The Committee 
may provide for the acceleration of the vesting of the shares subject to 
the Restricted Stock Award upon such conditions, including termination of 
the Participants services to the Company prior to, upon, or following such 
Change in Control, and to such extent as the Committee shall determine.


14. Effective Date. The effective date of the Plan is April 22, 2008. The 
Plan shall be submitted to the shareholders of the Company for approval. 
Until (i) the Plan has been approved by the Companys shareholders, and 
(ii) the requirements of any applicable federal or state securities laws 
have been met, no Restricted Stock shall be awarded, and no Option shall be 
granted or exercisable, that is not contingent on these events.


15. Termination, Modification. If not sooner terminated by the Board, this 
Plan shall terminate at the close of business on April 21, 2018. No Awards 
shall be made under the Plan after its termination. The Board may amend or 
terminate the Plan as it shall deem advisable; provided, however, that no 
change shall be made that increases the total number of shares of Company 
Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan 
(except pursuant to Section 13), or reduces the minimum exercise price for 
Options, or exchanges an Option for another Award, unless such change is 
authorized by the shareholders of the Company. Except as otherwise 
specifically provided herein, a termination or amendment of the Plan shall 
not, without the consent of the Participant, adversely affect a 
Participants rights under an Award previously granted to him or her.
 
16. 	American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.

(a) It is intended that the Plan comply in all applicable respects with 
Code Sections 409A(a)(2) through (4), as it may be amended from time to 
time, and any rulings, regulations, or other guidelines promulgated under 
either or both statutes (such statutes, rulings, regulations and other 
guidelines to be referred to collectively herein as Section 409A). This 
Plan, and any amendments thereto, shall therefore be interpreted and 
implemented at all times so as to (i) ensure compliance with Section 409A 
and (ii) avoid any penalty or early taxation of any payment or benefit 
under the Plan.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Board shall 
approve and implement such amendments as it deems necessary or desirable to 
ensure compliance with Section 409A and to avoid any penalty or early 
taxation of any payment or benefit under this Plan; provided, however, that 
no change shall be made that increases the total number of shares of 
Company Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the 
Plan (except pursuant to Section 14), or reduces the minimum exercise price 
for Options, or exchanges an Option for another Award, unless such change 
is authorized by the shareholders of the Company. No such amendment shall 
require the consent of any Participant.


17. Interpretation and Venue. Except to the extent preempted by applicable 
federal law, the terms of this Plan shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws rules.