 EX-10.22.1 29 dex10221.htm FORM OF WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK


 
Exhibit 10.22.1


THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE HEREUNDER HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE 
UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND SUCH OTHER SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR THE SECURITIES 
1SSUABLE HEREUNDER MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO A 
TRANSACTION THAT IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION.
 
 


WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
OF
SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS, INC.
 

 NO. SITO- 2010- a-_

   	May 10, 2010


THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, ________, or his permitted 
registered assigns (Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Warrant, at any time or from time to time commencing 
after the issuance date of this Warrant (the Effective Date), and before 
5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on May 09, 2013 (the Expiration Date), to purchase 
from Single Touch Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up 
to ________ shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price per 
share equal to $1.00 (the Purchase Price). Both the number of shares of 
Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant and the Purchase 
Price are subject to adjustment and change as provided herein.
 
1. 	CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As used in this Warrant the following terms shall 
have the following respective meanings:
 
  	1.1 	Registered Holder shall mean any Holder in whose name this 
Warrant is registered upon the books and records maintained by the Company.
 
  	1.2 	Warrant as used herein, shall include this Warrant and any 
warrant delivered in substitution or exchange therefore as provided herein.
 
  	1.3 	Common Stock shall mean the Common Stock of the Company and any 
other securities at any time receivable or issuable upon exercise of this 
Warrant.
 
2. 	EXERCISE OF WARRANT
 
  	2.1 	Payment. Subject to compliance with the terms and conditions of 
this Warrant and applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be exercised, 
in whole or in part at any time or from time to time after the Effective 
Date, and on or before the Expiration Date by the delivery (including, 
without limitation, delivery by facsimile) of the form of Notice of 
Exercise attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (the Notice of Exercise), duly 
executed by the Holder, at the principal office of the Company, and as soon 
as practicable after such date, surrendering

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
  	(a) 	this Warrant at the principal office of the Company, and
 
  	(b) 	payment in cash (by check) or by wire transfer of an amount equal 
to the product obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock 
being purchased upon such exercise by the then effective Purchase Price 
(the Exercise Amount).
 
  	2.2 	Stock Certificates; Fractional Shares. As soon as practicable on or 
after the date of any exercise of this Warrant but in any event within 5 
business days after its receipt of the Exercise Amount, the Company shall 
issue and deliver to the person or persons designated by the Holder a 
certificate or certificates for the aggregate number of whole shares of 
Common Stock issuable upon such exercise. No fractional shares or scrip 
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon an exercise of this 
Warrant.
 
  	2.3 	Partial Exercise; Effective Date of Exercise. In case of any 
partial exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall cancel this Warrant 
upon surrender hereof and shall execute and deliver a new Warrant of like 
tenor and date for the balance of the shares of Common Stock purchasable 
hereunder. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised immediately 
prior to the close of business on the date of its surrender for exercise as 
provided above. The person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be treated for all purposes as 
the holder of record of such shares as of the close of business on the date 
the Company receives the Notice of Exercise, subject to receipt of the 
Exercise Amount.
 
  	2.4 	Vesting. The warrants shall vest fully upon issuance.
 
3. 	VALID ISSUANCE; TAXES. All shares of Common Stock issued upon the 
exercise of this Warrant shall be validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable. The Company shall not be required to pay any tax or other 
charge imposed in connection with any transfer involved in the issuance of 
any certificate for shares of Common Stock in any name other than that of 
the Registered Holder of this Warrant, and in such case the Company shall 
not be required to issue or deliver any stock certificate or security until 
such tax or other charge has been paid, or it has been established to the 
Companys reasonable satisfaction that no tax or other charge is due.
 
4. 	ADJUSTMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE AND NUMBER OF SHARES. The number of shares 
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Wan-ant (or any shares of 
stock or other securities or property receivable or issuable upon exercise 
of this Warrant) and the Purchase Price are subject to adjustment upon 
occurrence of the following events:
 
  	4.1 	

Adjustment for Stock Splits, Stock Subdivisions or Combinations of Shares. 
The Purchase Price of this Warrant shall be proportionally decreased and 
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant 
(or any shares of stock or other securities at the time issuable upon 
exercise of this Wan-ant) shall be proportionally increased to reflect any 
stock split or other subdivision of the Companys Common Stock. The 
Purchase Price of this Warrant shall be

 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

proportionally increased and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon exercise of this Warrant (or any shares of stock or other securities 
at the time issuable upon exercise of this Warrant) shall be proportionally 
decreased to reflect any reverse stock split, consolidation or combination 
of the Companys Common Stock.

 
  	4.2 	Reclassification. If the Company, by reclassification of securities 
or otherwise, shall change any of the securities as to which purchase 
rights under this Warrant exist into the same or a different number of 
securities of any other class or classes, this Warrant shall thereafter 
represent the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would 
have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the 
securities that were subject to the purchase rights under this Warrant 
immediately prior to such reclassification or other change, and the 
Purchase Price therefore shall be appropriately adjusted, all subject to 
further adjustment as provided in this Section 4. No adjustment shall be 
made pursuant to this Section 4.3 upon any conversion or redemption of the 
Common Stock which is the subject of Section 4.4.
 
  	4.3 	Adjustment for Capital Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. In 
case of any capital reorganization of the capital stock of the Company 
(other than a combination, reclassification, exchange or subdivision of 
shares otherwise provided for herein), or any merger or consolidation of 
the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of all or 
substantially all the assets of the Company then, and in each such case, as 
a part of such reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale or transfer, 
lawful provision shall be made so that the Holder of this Warrant shall 
thereafter be entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant, during the 
period specified herein and upon payment of the Purchase Price then in 
effect, the number of shares of stock or other securities or property 
(including cash) to which the holder of the shares deliverable upon 
exercise of this Warrant would have been entitled to receive in such 
reorganization, consolidation, merger, sale or transfer if this Warrant had 
been exercised immediately before such reorganization, merger, 
consolidation, sale or transfer, all subject to further adjustment as 
provided in this Section 4. The foregoing provisions of this Section 4.3 
shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, consolidations, 
mergers, sales and transfers and to the stock or securities of any other 
corporation that are at the time receivable upon the exercise of this 
Warrant. In all events, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith 
by the Companys Board of Directors) shall be made in the application of 
the provisions of this Warrant with respect to the rights and interests of 
the Holder after the transaction, to the end that the provisions of this 
Warrant shall be applicable after that event, as near as reasonably may be, 
in relation to any shares or other property deliverable after that event 
upon exercise of this Warrant.
 
  	4.4 	

Conversion of Common Stock. In case all or any portion of the authorized 
and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company are redeemed or 
converted or reclassified into other securities or property pursuant to the 
Companys Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise, or the Common Stock 
otherwise ceases to exist, then, in such case, the Holder of this Warrant, 
upon exercise hereof at any time after the date on which the Common Stock 
is so redeemed or converted, reclassified or ceases to exist (the 
Termination Date), shall receive, in lieu of the number of shares of 
Common Stock that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately 
prior to the Termination Date, the securities or property that would have 
been received if

 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

this Warrant had been exercised in full and the Common Stock received 
thereupon had been simultaneously converted immediately prior to the 
Termination Date, all subject to further adjustment as provided in this 
Warrant. Additionally, the Purchase Price shall be immediately adjusted 
such that the aggregate Purchase Price of the maximum number of securities 
or other property for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately after 
the Termination Date is equal to the aggregate Purchase Price of the 
maximum number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant was 
exercisable immediately prior to the Termination Date, all subject to 
further adjustment as provided herein.

 
5. 	LOSS OR MUTILATION. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to 
the Company of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction or 
mutilation of this Warrant, and of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, 
and (in the case of mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of this 
Warrant, the Company will execute and deliver in lieu thereof a new Warrant 
of like tenor as the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant.
 
6. 	RESERVATION OF COMMON STOCK. The Company hereby covenants that at all 
times there shall be reserved for issuance and delivery upon exercise of 
this Warrant such number of shares of Common Stock or other shares of 
capital stock of the Company as are from time to time issuable upon 
exercise of this Warrant and, from time to time, will take all steps 
necessary to amend its Certificate of Incorporation to provide sufficient 
reserves of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. 
All such shares shall be duly authorized, and when issued upon such 
exercise, shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and 
clear of all liens, security interests, charges and other encumbrances or 
restrictions on sale and free and clear of all preemptive rights, except 
encumbrances or restrictions arising under federal or state securities 
laws. Issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to the 
Companys Officers who are charged with the duty of executing stock 
certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of 
Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.
 
7. 	TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Warrant and compliance with all applicable securities laws, this Warrant 
and all rights hereunder may be transferred to any Registered Holders 
parent, subsidiary or affiliate or to any officer, director, partner or 
member of any such parent, subsidiary or affiliate, in whole or in part, on 
the books of the Company maintained for such purpose at the principal 
office of the Company referred to above, by the Registered Holder hereof in 
person, or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Warrant 
properly endorsed and upon payment of any necessary transfer tax or other 
governmental charge imposed upon such transfer. Upon any permitted partial 
transfer, the Company will issue and deliver to the Registered Holder a new 
Warrant or Warrants with respect to the shares of Common Stock not so 
transferred. Each taker and holder of this Warrant, by taking or holding 
the same, consents and agrees that when this Warrant shall have been so 
endorsed, the person in possession of this Warrant may be treated by the 
Company, and all other persons dealing with this Warrant, as the absolute 
owner hereof for any purpose and as the person entitled to exercise the 
rights represented hereby, any notice to the contrary notwithstanding; 
provided, however that until a transfer of this Warrant is duly registered 
on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the Registered Holder 
hereof as the owner for all purposes.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
8. 	RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER. By acceptance hereof, the Holder acknowledges 
that this Warrant and the capital stock of the Company that may be issued 
upon its exercise have not been registered under the Securities Act, and 
Holder agrees not to sell, pledge, distribute, offer for sale, transfer or 
otherwise dispose of this Warrant or any capital stock issued upon its 
exercise in the absence of (i) an effective registration statement under 
the Securities Act as to this Warrant or such securities and registration 
or qualification of this Warrant or such securities under any applicable 
Blue Sky or state securities laws then in effect, or (ii) an opinion of 
counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such registration and 
qualification are not required. In the reasonable discretion of the 
Company, the Company may condition any transfer of all or any portion of 
this Warrant or the capital stock of the Company that may be issued upon 
its exercise (other than a disposition satisfying the conditions set forth 
in clause (i) of Section 8(i) above) upon the transferees delivery to the 
Company of a written agreement, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Company, whereby the transferee makes such 
representations and warranties to and for the benefit of the Company as are 
comparable to the representations and warranties of the Holder set forth in 
Section 9 below.
 
9. 	COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS. By acceptance of this Warrant, the 
Holder hereby represents, warrants and covenants that any shares of stock 
purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be acquired for investment 
only and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any 
distribution thereof; that the Holder has had such opportunity as such 
Holder has deemed adequate to obtain from representatives of the Company 
such information as is necessary to permit the Holder to evaluate the 
merits and risks of its investment in the Company; that the Holder is able 
to bear the economic risk of holding such shares as may be acquired 
pursuant to the exercise of this Warrant for an indefinite period; that the 
Holder understands that the shares of stock acquired pursuant to the 
exercise of this Warrant will not be registered under the Securities Act 
(unless otherwise registered pursuant to exercise by the Holder of the 
registration rights, if any, granted to the Registered Holder) and will be 
restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities 
Act and that the exemption from registration under Rule 144 will not be 
available for at least one (1) year from the date of exercise of this 
Warrant, subject to any special treatment by the SEC for exercise of this 
Warrant pursuant to Section 2.2, and even then will not be available unless 
a public market then exists for the stock, adequate information concerning 
the Company is then available to the public, and other terms and conditions 
of Rule 144 are complied with; and that all stock certificates representing 
shares of stock issued to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant or upon 
conversion of such shares may have affixed thereto a legend substantially 
in the following form:

THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY 
OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH 
OTHER SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR 
PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF, EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT 
TO A TRANSACTION THAT IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
10. 	NO RIGHTS OR LIABILITIES AS STOCKHOLDERS. This Warrant shall not 
entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of 
the Company. In the absence of affirmative action by such Holder to 
purchase Common Stock by exercise of this Warrant or Common Stock upon 
conversion thereof, no provisions of this Warrant, and no enumeration 
herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder hereof shall cause such 
Holder hereof to be a stockholder of the Company for any purpose.
 
11. 	NOTICES. Except as may be otherwise provided herein, all notices, 
requests, waivers and other communications made pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be conclusively deemed to have been duly 
given (a) when hand delivered to the other party; (b) when received when 
sent by facsimile at the address and number set forth below; (c) three 
business days after deposit in the U.S. mail with first class or certified 
mail receipt requested postage prepaid and addressed to the other party as 
set forth below; or (d) the next business day after deposit with a national 
overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the parties as 
set forth below with next-business-day delivery guaranteed, provided that 
the sending party receives a confirmation of delivery from the delivery 
service provider.
 

 To Holder:

   	To the Company:

 At the address of record.

   	Single Touch Systems, Inc.
   	2235 Encinitas Boulevard, Suite 210
   	Encinitas, CA 92024
   	Fax Number: (760) 438-1171


Each person making a communication hereunder by facsimile shall promptly 
confirm by telephone to the person to whom such communication was addressed 
each communication made by it by facsimile pursuant hereto. A party may 
change or supplement the addresses given above, or designate additional 
addresses, for purposes of this Section 11 by giving the other party 
written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above.
 
12. 	HEADINGS. The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of convenience 
in reference only, and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof.
 
13. 	LAW GOVERNING. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in 
accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Nevada.
 
14. 	WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. The Company and, by acceptance of this Warrant, 
the Holder each waive all right to trial by jury in any action or 
proceeding to enforce or defend any rights or remedies hereunder or 
relating hereto.
 
15. 	

NO IMPAIRMENT. The Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of 
Incorporation or bylaws, or through reorganization, consolidation, merger, 
dissolution, issue or sale of securities, sale of assets or any other 
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of 
any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith 
assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such 
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of 
the Registered Holder of this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, the Company

 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

(a) will not increase the par value of any shares of stock issuable upon 
the exercise of this Warrant above the amount payable therefore upon such 
exercise, and (b) will take all such action as may be necessary or 
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully 
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this 
Warrant.

 
16. 	SEVERABILITY. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Warrant is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or 
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and 
restrictions of this Warrant shall remain in full force and effect and 
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.
 
17. 	COUNTERPARTS. For the convenience of the parties, any number of 
counterparts of this Warrant may be executed by the parties hereto and each 
such executed counterpart shall be, and shall be deemed to be, an original 
instrument.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Warrant as of the 
date first set forth above.
 
Single Touch Systems, Inc.
 
By: 	  	Anthony G. Macaluso
  	President


SIGNATURE PAGE TO
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT 1


NOTICE OF EXERCISE


(To be executed upon exercise of Warrant)


To: Single Touch Systems, Inc.


The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right of purchase 
represented by the within Warrant Certificate for, and to purchase 
thereunder, the securities of Single Touch Systems, Inc., as provided for 
therein, and (check the applicable box):
 
¨ 	tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full in the form of 
cash or a certified or official bank check or wire transfer in same-day 
funds in the amount of $______________ for _________________ such 
securities.


Please issue a certificate or certificates for such securities in the name 
of, and pay any cash for any fractional share to (please print name, 
address and social security number):
 

 Name:

  	 

 Address:

  	 

 Signature:

  	 


Note: The above signature should correspond exactly with the name on the 
first page of this Warrant Certificate.


If said number of shares shall not be all the shares purchasable under the 
within Warrant Certificate, a new Warrant Certificate is to be issued in 
the name of said undersigned for the balance remaining of the shares 
purchasable thereunder rounded up to the next higher whole number of 
shares.

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
EXHIBIT 2


ASSIGNMENT


(To be executed only upon assignment of Warrant Certificate)


For value received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers 
unto the parties set forth below all or such portion of the Warrants 
represented by the within Warrant Certificate set forth below, together 
with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably 
constitute and appoint _________________________________________ attorney, 
to transfer said Warrant Certificate on the books of the within-named 
Company with respect to the number of Warrants set forth below, with full 
power of substitution in the premises:
 

Name(s) of Assignee(s)

   	
Address
   	
# of Warrants
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	


And if said number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants represented by 
the Warrant Certificate, a new Warrant Certificate is to be issued in the 
name of said undersigned for the balance remaining of the Warrants 
registered by said Warrant Certificate.
 

 Dated:

  	 

 Signature:

  	 


Notice: The signature to the foregoing Assignment must correspond to the 
name as written upon the face of this security in every particular, without 
alteration or any change whatsoever.