 EX-10.28 35 dex1028.htm FORM OF SETTLEMENT, RELEASE AND DISCHARGE



 
Exhibit 10.28


Settlement, Release and Discharge


WHEREAS ___________ (hereinafter Creditor) has asserted claims of amounts 
due and payable (hereinafter Claims) by Single Touch Systems Inc., its 
subsidiaries, officers directors or employees (hereinafter SITO).


WHEREAS the Parties wish to put an end to these Claims, whether contractual 
or extra-contractual, or attributable, whether past, present or future;


WHEREAS the Parties wish agree to cancel, waive, terminate, revoke or 
otherwise retire any accrued, unpaid, past due, unclaimed, or implied cash 
payments that could be claimed by the Creditor as payable by SITO, whether 
contractual or extra-contractual, or attributable, whether past, present or 
future;


WHEREAS the Creditor accepts a total amount of ___________ common shares of 
SITO as full and final settlement of all claims and obligations;


WHEREAS The Creditor is aware that the Securities are and will be, when 
issued, RESTRICTED SECURITIES as that term is defined in Rule 144 (the 
Rule) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Act. Purchaser is 
fully aware of the applicable limitations on the resale of the Securities.


IN FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF THE TERMS OF THE SETTLEMENT REACHED BETWEEN THE 
PARTIES, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE FOLLOWING:


1. The preamble hereto forms an integral part of these presents.


2. As full consideration for settlement of all claims and obligations 
against SITO, Creditor accepts common shares of SITO of a total amount of 
___________ common shares of SITO as full and final settlement of all 
claims and obligation;


3. In consideration of the cancellation of any Claims between the parties, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which being hereby acknowledged, Creditor 
for himself, his successors and assigns hereby grants a full and final 
release and discharge to SITO and to each of its agents, directors, 
officers, shareholders, employees, representatives, affiliates, 
subsidiaries, insurers, trustees, successors, assigns, and legal 
representatives, from any and all demands, claims, actions, causes of 
action, proceedings, losses, damages, charges and expenses, of any kind or 
nature whatsoever, past present or future including principal, interest 
accrued or to accrue and costs, in connection with or in any way relating 
to or arising out of the facts alleged in the above-mentioned declaration;


4. Consequently, the Creditor hereby consents to hold harmless SITO from 
any and all demands, claims, actions, causes of action, proceedings losses 
damages, charges and expenses including principal and interest accrued or 
to accrue and costs to which they may be subjected to and which results 
from any claim or action instituted by Creditor in connection with 
aforesaid matters;


5. Creditor will provide further assurances and provide any necessary 
information or documentation to implement this settlement and also provide 
any confirmations requested related to settlement of the Creditors claims.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
6. It is understood that the present settlement does not in any way 
constitute an admission of liability on the part of any party to the 
agreement and that it has been entered into for the sole purpose of 
terminating any and all Claims between the parties amicably and avoiding 
costs and expenses in connection therewith;


7. Creditor hereby declares that he has read the foregoing Release, 
Discharge and Transaction and understands and know the contents thereof and 
that it contains the entire agreement between himself and SITO, having been 
advised by his legal counsel prior to signing same;


WHEREFORE, the Parties have signed the present Release, Discharge and 
Transaction at the place and date hereinafter mentioned.


At ___________ on the ___ day of June, 2010
 
  	  	 
By: 	  	


At Encinitas, California on the ___ day of June, 2010
 
Single Touch Systems, Inc.
  	  	 
By:  	  	Anthony Macaluso
  	President