 EX-10.13 4 h77598exv10w13.htm EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13


POSTROCK ENERGY CORPORATION
2010 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Date of Grant: 	  	[                    ], 20      
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Number of Shares Subject to Option: 	  	[                    ] 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Option Price: 	  	[$                    ] 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Expiration Date: 	  	[                    ], 20      


          This Option Award Agreement (the Agreement) dated [             
       ], 20     , is made by and between PostRock Energy Corporation, a 
Delaware corporation (the Company), and [                    ] 
(Participant).


RECITALS:

          A. The Company established the 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 
Plan) under which the Company may grant eligible employees of the Company 
and its Subsidiaries and non-employee directors of the Company certain 
equity-based awards.

          B. Participant is an eligible employee of the Company or one of 
its Subsidiaries or a non-employee director of the Company and the 
Committee has elected to grant to Participant an Option under the Plan 
pursuant to and in accordance with this Agreement.


AGREEMENT:

          In consideration of the mutual premises and covenants contained 
herein and other good and valuable consideration paid by Recipient to the 
Company, the Company and Recipient agree as follows:

          Section 1. Incorporation of Plan.

          All provisions of this Agreement and the rights of Participant 
hereunder are subject in all respects to the provisions of the Plan and the 
powers of the Plan Committee therein provided. Capitalized terms used in 
this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in 
the Plan.

          Section 2. Grant of Option; Expiration.

          Subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this 
Agreement and the Plan, the Company hereby grants to Participant an Option 
with respect to the number of Shares identified above opposite the heading 
Number of Shares Subject to Option (the Option) at the exercise price 
(the Option Price) provided above. The Option is a nonqualified stock 
option and will continue in effect until the date that is 6 years from the 
Date of Grant (the Expiration

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Date), subject to earlier termination in accordance with this Agreement or 
the Plan. If not exercised prior to the Expiration Date, the Option will be 
forfeited.

          Section 3. Vesting; No Assignment of Rights.

          Subject to any exceptions listed in this Agreement or in the 
Plan, the Option shall become exercisable on the respective vesting date 
(the Vesting Date) with respect to the number of Shares and in accordance 
with the schedule set forth below, provided Participant is an employee of 
the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or a non-employee director of the 
Company from the Grant Date through the applicable Vesting Date:
  	  	  	 
Vesting Date 	  	Number of Shares
Immediate 	  	[                    ] shares

          During Participants lifetime, the Option may be exercised only 
by Participant. Subject to any exceptions set forth in this Agreement or in 
the Plan, the Option or the rights relating thereto may not be assigned, 
alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered 
by Participant. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell, or 
otherwise transfer or encumber the Option or the rights relating thereto 
shall be null and void.

          Section 4. Forfeiture Prior to Vesting; Period of Exercisability
.

          If Participant has a Termination of Affiliation with the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries for any reason (including due to Disability or 
death) before one or more of the Vesting Date for the Option, Participant 
will thereupon immediately forfeit all unvested portions of the Option. 
Section 5.4(b) of the Plan shall not apply; any unvested portion of the 
Option under this Agreement will immediately be forfeited upon 
Participants Termination of Affiliation due to Disability or death. Upon 
such forfeiture, Participant shall have no further rights under this 
Agreement (except with respect to any periods of exercisability for any 
vested portions of the Option as set out under this Agreement). For 
purposes of this Agreement, transfer of employment between the Company and 
any of its Subsidiaries does not constitute a Termination of Affiliation.

          Upon Termination of Affiliation other than due to Disability or 
death, Participant will be entitled to exercise any vested portion of the 
Option at any time prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration of 90 
days after the date of the Termination of Affiliation, whichever is the 
shorter period. Upon Termination of Affiliation due to Disability or death, 
Participant, or in the event of Participants death, Participants 
beneficiary, will be entitled to exercise any vested portion of the Option 
at any time prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration of one year 
after the date of the Termination of Affiliation, whichever is the shorter 
period.

          Section 5. Exercise of Option.

          The exercise of the Option must be accompanied by full payment of 
the Option Price for the Shares being acquired by: (i) cash, (ii) a check 
acceptable to the Company, (iii) the delivery of a number of already-owned 
Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to such

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Exercise Price, (iv) a cashless broker exercise of the Option through any 
procedures established or approved by the Plan Committee with respect 
thereto, or (v) any combination of the foregoing approved by the Plan 
Committee. No Shares will be issued until the Option Price has been paid.

          Section 6. Dividends and Voting Rights.

          Unless and until Shares have been delivered pursuant to this 
Agreement, Participant (a) is not entitled to receive any dividends or 
dividend equivalents, whether paid in cash or stock, or any other 
distributions declared on or with respect to actual Shares and (b) does not 
have nor may Participant exercise any voting rights with respect to any of 
the Shares.

          Section 7. Designation of Beneficiary.

          Participant may designate a person or persons to exercise and 
receive, in the event of Participants death, any Shares resulting from the 
vesting or exercise of the Option or other property then or thereafter 
distributable relating to such Shares. Such designation may be made either 
in the space indicated at the end of this Agreement or in a written 
instrument delivered to the Company or its delegate and may be revoked only 
by a written instrument similarly delivered. If Participant fails 
effectively to designate a beneficiary, the legal representative of the 
estate of Participant will be deemed to be the beneficiary of Participant 
with respect to any such Shares or other property and will have the rights 
to exercise the Option as described herein.

          Section 8. Tax Withholding.

          To the extent that grant, vesting or exercise of the Option 
granted hereunder may obligate the Company to pay withholding taxes on 
behalf of Participant, the Company shall have the power to withhold, or 
require Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to 
satisfy any such federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax 
requirements.

          Section 9. No Right to Continued Employment.

          If the Participant is an employee of the Company or one of its 
Subsidiaries, nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in 
any way the right of the Company or its Subsidiaries to terminate 
Participants employment at any time, nor confer upon Participant the right 
to continue in the employ of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.

          Section 10. Entire Agreement; Amendment.

          This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties 
with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, 
promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties 
with respect to the Option granted hereby. All prior understandings and 
agreements, if any, among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter 
hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect. This 
Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by the parties hereto 
which specifically states that it is an amendment of this Agreement.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          Section 11. Governing Law.

          This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its conflict of laws 
provisions.

          Section 12. Section 409A.

          The Option granted hereunder and the distribution of the Shares 
upon exercise of the Option are exempt from the requirements of Section 
409A of the Code as a stock option, and this Agreement shall be interpreted 
and administered in a manner consistent with that intent.

          This Agreement has been executed and delivered by the parties 
hereto effective the day and year first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	POSTROCK ENERGY CORPORATION 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	
 
David C. Lawler 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	President and Chief Executive Officer 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	PARTICIPANT 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	[                    ] 	  	 
Designation of Beneficiary
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
(Relationship to Recipient)
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	
 
(Name of Beneficiary) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	
 
(Street Address) 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	
 
(City, State, Zip Code) 	  	 

4