 EX-10.4 5 ex104formrra.htm FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.4

 
FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
This Registration Right Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of July 
___, 2010 pursuant to that Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of even 
date herewith (the “Purchase Agreement”) by and among NYTEX Energy 
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and, among others, 
_________________ [Name of Purchaser] (the “Purchaser”), in connection with 
the Company’s July 2010 Offering (the “Offering”) of units (each a “Unit” 
and collectively the “Units”).
 
Recitals
 
WHEREAS, as each Unit sold in the Offering consists of a $100,000 Debenture 
(the “Debenture”) convertible into shares (the “Debenture Shares”) of the 
Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value (“Common Stock”), as well as a 
warrant to purchase additional shares (the “Warrant Shares”) of Common 
Stock, such Debenture Shares and Warrant Shares having the rights and 
benefits set forth in the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, as 
amended; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to provide Purchaser certain registration 
rights with respect to the Registrable Shares (as defined below), as set 
forth herein.
 
Agreement
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as 
follows:

1.           Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the 
capitalized terms set forth below shall have the respective meanings 
specified below, and (b) other capitalized terms used but not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in 
the Purchase Agreement.
 
“Affiliates” means any Person who is an “affiliate” as defined in Rule 
12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange 
Act.
 
“Blue Sky Laws” means any applicable state Blue Sky and securities laws.
 
“Commission” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
“Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect 
from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“Person” means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, trust, 
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint stock 
company, limited liability company, governmental authority or other entity 
of any kind, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of 
such entity.
 
“Public Offering” shall mean a public offering and sale of Common Stock of 
the Company for cash for the Company’s own account or for the account of 
any holder of Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration statement 
under the Securities Act.
 
“Purchase Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
“Registering Stockholder” shall mean the Purchaser and its successors and 
permitted assigns, in each case that holds any Registrable Shares at a 
given time.
 

1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Registrable Shares” shall mean the Debenture Shares and the Warrant Shares 
and all shares directly or indirectly issued or issuable with respect to 
the Debenture Shares and the Warrant Shares by way of stock dividend or 
stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, 
recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization.  As to any 
particular Registrable Shares, such shares shall cease to be Registrable 
Shares when (a) a registration statement with respect to the sale of such 
securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act, (b) such 
securities shall have become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 (or any 
successor provision) under the Securities Act, (c) such securities shall 
have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for them not bearing a 
legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the 
Company and subsequent disposition of them shall not require registration 
of them under the Securities Act and such securities may be distributed 
without volume limitation or other restrictions on transfer under Rule 144 
other than that the Company be current in its reporting obligations, or (d) 
such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding.
 
“Rule 144” shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
 
“Registering Stockholder Questionnaire” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2(d)(vii).
 
“Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as in effect from 
time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
2.           Shelf Registration.  As soon as practicable after the date 
hereof, but in no event later than the earlier of (x) 150 days after the 
date hereof and (y) 75 days after the closing of the FDF Acquisition, the 
Company shall file a registration statement (“Registration Statement”) with 
the SEC to effect the registration under the Securities Act of the 
Registrable Shares for sale by the Registering Stockholders in accordance 
with the following:
 
(a)           The Company shall not be required to conduct an underwritten 
offering.
 
(b)           If, after it becomes effective, the Registration Statement is 
interfered with by any stop order, injunction or other order or requirement 
of the SEC or any other governmental authority, such registration shall not 
be deemed to have been effected unless such stop order, injunction or other 
order shall have been subsequently vacated or removed within fifteen (15) 
days after such interference.
 
(c)           The Company shall have no obligation to include the 
Registrable Shares owned by any Registering Stockholder in the Registration 
Statement unless and until such Registering Stockholder has furnished the 
Company with all information and statements about or pertaining to such 
Registering Stockholder in such reasonable detail and on such timely basis 
as is reasonably deemed by the Company to be necessary for the preparation 
of the Registration Statement.
 
(d)           The Company shall, subject to the other provisions of this 
Section 2:
 
(i)           Use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration 
Statement to become effective as soon as practicable after the filing 
thereof;
 
(ii)           Prepare and file with the SEC as promptly as practicable 
such amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement and the 
prospectus contained therein as may be necessary to keep such Registration 
Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act 
until the first anniversary of the effective date of the Registration 
Statement or until the Registering Stockholders have completed the 
distribution described in such Registration Statement, whichever occurs 
first;
 

2 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(iii)           Furnish to the Registering Stockholders the number of 
copies of such Registration Statement, each amendment and supplement 
thereto and each prospectus contained therein as the Registering 
Stockholders may reasonably request;
 
(iv)           Use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify 
such shares under the Blue Sky Laws of such jurisdictions as the 
Registering Stockholders reasonably request (and to keep such registrations 
and qualifications effective for so long as the Registration Statement is 
maintained effective), and to do any and all other acts and things that may 
be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable the Registering Stockholders 
to consummate the disposition of the Registrable Shares in such 
jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company will not be required to 
do any of the following:  (1) qualify generally to do business in any 
jurisdiction where it would not be required but for this Section 2, (2) 
subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (3) file any 
general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction;
 
(v)           Promptly notify the Registering Stockholders at any time 
during the period that the Company is required to keep the Registration 
Statement effective, of the occurrence of any event as a result of which 
such Registration Statement or the prospectus contained therein contains an 
untrue statement of a material fact or omits any fact necessary to make the 
statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading (including, without limitation, as a result of the 
Company's being engaged in any plan, proposal or agreement with respect to 
any material financing, acquisition, recapitalization or other material 
transaction (a "Company Material Transaction")) and the Company shall, as 
soon as practicable, prepare a supplement or amendment to the Registration 
Statement or such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the 
purchasers of such shares, the Registration Statement will not contain an 
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any fact necessary to 
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that following any such 
notification by the Company as described in this clause (v), each 
Registering Stockholder will immediately discontinue any sales of 
Registrable Shares pursuant to such Registration Statement until such 
Registering Stockholder has received copies of such supplemented or amended 
prospectus; and, provided further, that the Company shall not be required 
to provide any such supplemented or amended prospectus with respect to any 
Company Material Transaction the public disclosure of which would be 
materially detrimental to the Company (as determined by the Company's board 
of directors) until the earliest of (x) termination or abandonment of such 
Company Material Transaction, (y) public disclosure thereof (other than by 
any Registering Stockholder) and (z) the date 45 days following the 
Company's initial notification to the Registering Stockholders of such 
Company Material Transaction under this clause (v); and
 
(vi)           Except for the fees and expenses specified in paragraph (e) 
of this Section 2, the Company shall pay all expenses incident to the 
registration and to the Company’s performance of or compliance with this 
Section 2, including, without limitation, all registration and filing fees, 
fees and expenses of compliance with Blue Sky Laws, printing expenses, 
messenger and delivery expenses, and fees and expenses of counsel for the 
Company and all independent certified public accountants and other persons 
retained by or on behalf of the Company.
 
(vii)           Not less than twenty-one calendar days prior to the 
expected filing of a Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or 
any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be 
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the 
Company shall, (i) furnish to each Registering Stockholder copies of all 
such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those 
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to 
the review of such Registering Stockholders, and (ii) cause its officers 
and directors, counsel and independent certified public accountants to 
respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the
 

3 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

reasonable opinion of respective counsel to conduct a reasonable 
investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act.  The Company shall 
not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments 
or supplements thereto to which the Registering Stockholders representing 
more than sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Registrable 
Shares shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is 
notified of such objection in writing no later than seven calendar days 
after the Registering Stockholders have been so furnished copies of such 
documents.  Each Registering Stockholder agrees to furnish to the Company a 
completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex A 
(a “Registering Stockholder Questionnaire”) by the end of the seventh 
calendar day following the date on which such Holder receives draft 
materials in accordance with this Section.  The lack of receipt of a 
completed Selling Shareholder Questionnaire by a Registering Stockholder 
will be interpreted as an instruction to not include in Registration 
Statement the Registrable Shares held by such Registering Stockholder.
 
(e)           If the Registrable Shares owned by the Registering 
Stockholders are included in a Registration Statement, the Registering 
Stockholders shall pay all underwriting discounts and commissions, if any, 
and transfer taxes, if any, relating to the sale of the Registrable Shares 
and the fees and expenses of its own counsel.
 
(f)           Underwriter’s Cutback.
 
(i)           If a Registration involves an underwritten Public Offering 
and the managing underwriter or underwriters in good faith advise the 
Company in writing that, in their opinion, the number of shares of 
Registrable Shares which the Registering Stockholders intend to include in 
such registration exceeds the largest number of shares which can be sold in 
such offering without having an adverse effect on such offering (including, 
but not limited to, the price at which the shares can be sold), then the 
Company may limit the number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise 
be included in such registration by excluding any or all Registrable Shares 
from such registration (it being understood that the number of shares which 
the Company, for its own account or for the account of any holder of its 
shares initiating such Registration, seeks to have registered in such 
Registration shall not be subject to exclusion, in whole or in part, under 
this Section 2(f)(i)). Upon receipt of notice from the underwriter of the 
need to reduce the number of shares to be included in the Registration, the 
Company shall advise all Registering Stockholders holding Registrable 
Shares that would otherwise be registered and underwritten pursuant hereto, 
and the number of shares of such securities, including Registrable Shares, 
that may be included in the registration shall be allocated in the 
following manner: the number of Registrable Shares that may be included in 
such registration shall be allocated among the Registering Stockholders 
holding Registrable Shares to be included in such Registration, as nearly 
as practicable, in accordance with the respective amounts of Registrable 
Shares held by each such Registering Stockholder.
 
(ii)           No securities excluded from the underwriting by reason of 
such an underwriter’s marketing limitation pursuant to Section 2(f)(i) 
shall be included in such Registration. If any Registering Stockholder of 
Registrable Shares disapproves of the terms of the underwriting, it may 
elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to the Company and the 
underwriter at least fifteen (15) days prior to the effectiveness of such 
Registration. The Registrable Shares so withdrawn shall also be withdrawn 
from the Registration.
 
(g)           Selection of Underwriters and Counsel.  Any underwriters and 
legal counsel to be retained by the Company in connection with any Public 
Offering shall be selected by the Board of Directors of the Company, in its 
sole discretion.
 

4 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(h)           Registration of Additional Securities.  The Purchasers 
acknowledge that the Company may include in any registration statement 
filed hereunder securities to be sold by the Company for cash for the 
Company’s own account or for the account of other third parties.
 
3.           Lock-Up.  Without the prior written consent of the Company and 
the underwriters managing the Public Offering, if any, for a period of 
seventy-five (75) days following the date of this Agreement, no Registering 
Stockholder (whether or not a selling stockholder pursuant to such 
Registration Statement) shall sell, pledge, assign, encumber or otherwise 
transfer or dispose of any Registrable Shares to any other Person, whether 
directly, indirectly, voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law, 
pursuant to judicial process or otherwise, except pursuant to a 
Registration Statement.
 
4.            Indemnification and Contribution.
 
(a)           If the Registrable Shares owned by the Registering 
Stockholders are sold by means of the Registration Statement pursuant to 
Section 2 of this Agreement, each Registering Stockholder (for the purposes 
of this Section 4(a), individually the “Indemnifying Person” and 
collectively the “Indemnifying Persons”) agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company, each of the Company’s officers and directors and each 
person, if any, who controls or may control the Company within the meaning 
of the Securities Act (for the purposes of Section 4(a), the Company, its 
officers and directors and any such other persons being referred to 
individually as an “Indemnified Person” and collectively as “Indemnified 
Persons”) from and against all demands, claims, actions or causes of 
action, assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, 
including, without limitation, interest, penalties and reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and disbursements, asserted against, resulting to, imposed 
upon, or incurred by such Indemnified Person, directly or indirectly 
(collectively, referred to for purposes of this Section 4(a) and the 
corresponding provision of Section 4(b) below in the singular as a “Claim” 
and in the plural as “Claims”), based upon, arising out of, or resulting 
from (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material 
fact contained in the Registration Statement (including any preliminary or 
final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements 
thereto) or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material 
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light 
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (ii) 
any violation or alleged violation of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, 
any Blue Sky Laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under the 
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law in connection 
with such registration and sale of securities, in each case to the extent 
(but only to the extent) that such Claim is based upon, arises out of or 
results from any untrue statement or omission based upon information 
furnished to the Company by such Registering Stockholder in a written 
document for use in connection with the Registration Statement; and each 
such Registering Stockholder will pay, as incurred, any legal or other 
expenses reasonably incurred by any person intended to be indemnified 
pursuant to this Section 4(a) in connection with investigating or defending 
any such Claim.
 
(b)           The Company (for the purposes of this Section 4(b), the “
Indemnifying Person”) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each 
Registering Stockholder participating in the distribution of Registrable 
Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement and each of such Registering 
Stockholders’ officers, directors and Affiliates, if applicable (for the 
purposes of this Section 4(b), the Registering Stockholders and any such 
other persons also being referred to individually as an “Indemnified Person
” and collectively as “Indemnified Persons”) from and against all Claims 
based upon, arising out of, or resulting from (i) any untrue statement or 
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration 
Statement or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material 
fact necessary in order to make the statement made therein, in the light of 
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (ii) any 
violation or alleged violation of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, 
any Blue Sky Laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under the 
Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any
 

5 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Blue Sky Laws in connection with such registration and sale of securities, 
and the Company will pay to each such Registering Stockholder or other 
Indemnified Person, as incurred, any legal or other expenses reasonably 
incurred thereby in connection with investigating or defending any such 
Claim; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such 
case to the extent that any such Claim arises out of or results from any 
untrue statement or omission based upon information furnished to the 
Company by the Registering Stockholder in a written document provided by 
the Registering Stockholder for use in connection with the Registration 
Statement.
 
(c)           The indemnification set forth in this Section 4 shall be in 
addition to any liability the Company or the Registering Stockholders may 
otherwise have in connection with any registration of Registrable 
Securities.  Within a reasonable time after receiving definitive notice of 
any Claim in respect of which an Indemnified Person may seek 
indemnification under this Section 4, such Indemnified Person shall submit 
written notice thereof to such Indemnifying Person(s).  The failure of the 
Indemnified Person so to notify the Indemnifying Person(s) of any such 
Claim shall not relieve the Indemnifying Person(s) from any liability it 
may have hereunder except to the extent that it has been materially 
prejudiced by such failure; provided, however, that the omission of the 
Indemnified Person so to notify the Indemnifying Person(s) of any such 
Claim shall not relieve the Indemnifying Person(s) from any liability it 
may have otherwise than hereunder.  The Indemnifying Person(s) shall have 
the right to undertake, by counsel or representatives of its own choosing, 
the defense, compromise, or settlement (without admitting liability of the 
Indemnifying Person(s)) of any such Claim asserted, such defense, 
compromise or settlement to be undertaken at the expense and risk of the 
Indemnifying Person(s), and the Indemnified Person shall have the right to 
engage separate counsel, at its own expense, which counsel for the 
Indemnifying Person(s) shall keep informed and consult with in a reasonable 
manner; provided, however, that the Indemnified Person(s) shall have the 
right to retain separate counsel, with reasonable fees and expenses to be 
paid by the Indemnifying Person(s), if representation of the Indemnified 
Person(s) by the counsel retained by the Indemnifying Person(s) would be 
inappropriate due to potential or actual differing interests between the 
Indemnified Person(s) and the Indemnifying Person(s) in such proceeding.  
In the event the Indemnifying Person(s) shall fail to undertake such 
defense by its own representatives, the Indemnifying Person(s) shall give 
prompt written notice of such election to the Indemnified Person, and the 
Indemnified Person shall undertake, at the Indemnifying Person(s)’ expense, 
the defense, compromise, or settlement (without admitting liability of the 
Indemnified Person) thereof on behalf of and for the account and risk of 
the Indemnifying Person(s) by counsel or other representatives designated 
by the Indemnified Person.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Indemnifying 
Person shall be obligated hereunder with respect to amounts paid in 
settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the consent 
of such Indemnifying Person(s) (which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld).
 
(d)           If the indemnification provided for in this Section 4 is held 
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified 
Party (as defined in either Section 4(a) or 4(b)) with respect to any 
Claim, then the Registering Stockholders or the Company, as applicable 
(each an “Indemnifying Party”), in lieu of indemnifying an Indemnified 
Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such 
Indemnified Party as a result of such Claim in such proportion as is 
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party, on the 
one hand, and of the Indemnified Party, on the other, in connection with 
the statements, omissions or violations which resulted in such Claim, as 
well as any other relevant equitable considerations.  The relative fault of 
the Indemnifying Party and of the Indemnified Party shall be determined by 
a court of law by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or 
allegedly untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged 
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the 
Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties’ relative 
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or 
prevent such statement or omission.
 

  6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(e)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event shall 
the aggregate liability of any Registering Stockholder pursuant to this 
Section 4 be greater in amount than the amount of net proceeds received by 
such Registering Stockholder upon the sale of Registrable Shares pursuant 
to the Registration Statement.
 
5.            Availability of Information.  The Company covenants that it 
will file the reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act 
and the Exchange Act, and it will take such further action as any 
Registering Stockholder may reasonably request to make available adequate 
current public information with respect to the Company meeting the current 
public information requirements of Rule 144, to the extent required to 
enable such Registering Stockholder to sell Registrable Shares without 
registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the 
exemptions provided by (a) Rule 144, or (b) any similar rule or regulation 
hereafter adopted by the Commission.
 
6.            Termination.  The registration rights granted pursuant to 
Section 2 hereof shall terminate when all Registering Stockholders cease to 
hold any shares of Common Stock that qualify as Registrable Shares under 
the definition thereof in Section 1 hereof.  No such termination of the 
rights granted under Section 2 of this Agreement shall relieve any Person 
of liability for breach prior to termination and such termination shall not 
terminate any other provisions of this Agreement, including all obligations 
under Section 4, which shall survive any such termination of Section 2.
 
7.           Remedies.  Subject to the express limitation on the liability 
of Registering Stockholders set forth herein, the Company and each 
Registering Stockholder shall have all remedies available at law, in equity 
or otherwise in the event of any breach or violation of this Agreement or 
any default hereunder by the Company or any Registering Stockholder. The 
parties acknowledge and agree that in the event of any breach of this 
Agreement, in addition to any other remedies which may be available, each 
of the parties hereto shall be entitled to specific performance of the 
obligations of the other parties hereto and, in addition, to such other 
equitable remedies (including, without limitation, preliminary or temporary 
relief) as may be appropriate in the circumstances.
 
8.           Amendment; Modification.
 
(a)           Oral Modifications.  This Agreement may not be orally 
amended, modified, extended or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any 
of its terms be effective.
 
(b)           Written Modifications.  This Agreement may be amended, 
modified, extended or terminated, and the provisions hereof may be waived, 
only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Registering 
Stockholders representing more than sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2
/3%) of the Registrable Shares held by all Registering Stockholders. Each 
such amendment, modification, extension, termination and waiver shall be 
binding upon each party hereto and each Registering Stockholder subject 
hereto. In addition, each party hereto and each Registering Stockholder 
subject hereto may waive any right hereunder by an instrument in writing 
signed by such party or Person.
 
9.           Authority; Effect.  Each party hereto represents and warrants 
to and agrees with each other party that the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have 
been duly authorized on behalf of such party and do not violate any 
agreement or other instrument applicable to such party or by which its 
assets are bound. This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, 
give rise to the creation of a partnership among any of the parties hereto, 
or to constitute any of such parties members of a joint venture or other 
association.
 

7 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

10.           Notices.  All notices, requests, consents and demands to or 
upon the respective parties hereto shall be in writing, and, unless 
otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly 
given or made: (a) if delivered by hand (including by overnight courier), 
when delivered; (b) on the next business day after delivery to a nationally 
recognized overnight carrier service if sent by overnight delivery for next 
morning delivery; (c) in the case of mail, three (3) business days after 
deposit in United States first class mail, certified with return receipt 
requested and postage prepaid; and (d) in the case of facsimile 
transmission, when receipt is mechanically acknowledged.  In each case: (x) 
if delivery is not made during normal business hours at the place of 
receipt, receipt and due notice under this Agreement shall be deemed to 
have been made on the immediately following Business Day; and (y) notice 
shall be sent to the address of the party to be notified, as follows, or to 
such other address as may be hereafter designated by the respective parties 
hereto in accordance with these notice provisions:
 
If to the Company, to:
 
       NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
       12222 Merit Drive, Suite 1850
       Dallas, Texas 75251
       Attention:  Kenneth Kase Conte, Chief Financial Officer
       Facsimile:  972-770-4701

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

       Strasburger & Price, LLP
       901 Main Street, Suite 4400
       Dallas, Texas 75202
       Attention:  Kevin Woltjen, Esq.
       Facsimile:  214-659-4025

If to any Registering Stockholder, to it at its address on Schedule I 
attached hereto.

11.           Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this 
Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to 
constitute one and the same agreement.  The exchange of copies of this 
Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this 
Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original for all 
purposes.  Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile or other 
electronic transmission shall be deemed to be their original signatures for 
all purposes.
 
12.           Binding Effect.  This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement of the parties hereto with respect to its subject matter, 
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements or 
discussions with respect to such subject matter, and shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.
 
13.           Assignment.  This Agreement and the rights hereunder may not 
be assigned or transferred in any respect by any Registering Stockholder, 
except that any Purchaser may assign or transfer any of such Purchaser's 
rights under this Agreement to any Affiliate of such Purchaser; provided, 
however, that (a) the transferring Purchaser shall give the Company written 
notice at or prior to the time of such transfer stating the name and 
address of the transferee and identifying the Registrable Shares with 
respect to which the rights under this Agreement are being transferred, (b) 
such transferee shall agree in writing, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Company, to be bound as a Registering Stockholder by 
the provisions of this Agreement; and (c) immediately following such 
transfer the further disposition of
 

8 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

such Registrable Shares by such transferee is restricted under the 
Securities Act.  No such transfer of Registrable Shares shall cause such 
Registrable Shares to lose such status.
 
14.           Descriptive Headings.  The descriptive headings of this 
Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a 
part hereof and shall not be construed to define or limit any of the terms 
or provisions hereof.
 
15.           Rules of Construction.  Unless the context otherwise 
requires, references to sections or subsections refer to sections or 
subsections of this Agreement, and references to “including” mean 
“including but not limited to” the specific matters referenced.  All 
personal pronouns in this Agreement, whether used in the masculine, 
feminine or neuter gender shall include all other genders, and the singular 
shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
 
16.           Severability.  In the event that any provision hereof would, 
under applicable law, be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such 
provision shall be construed by modifying or limiting it so as to be valid 
and enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with, and possible under, 
applicable law. The provisions hereof are severable, and in the event any 
provision hereof should be held invalid or unenforceable in any respect, it 
shall not invalidate, render unenforceable or otherwise affect any other 
provision hereof.
 
17.           Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard 
to rules concerning conflicts of laws.  If any dispute hereunder becomes 
the subject of litigation, venue for such litigation shall be non-exclusive 
in the state or federal court(s) of competent jurisdiction in Dallas, 
Texas.  The parties waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the bringing of 
any such action or proceeding in such jurisdiction.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 

9 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Registration Rights 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 

                       
                                               PURCHASERS:
 
 

 

 
                                               By: 
                      ____________________________________                 
                                                                           
                       
 
                                               Name:
                      __________________________________                   
                                                                           
                      
 
                                               Title:
                      ___________________________________                  
                                                                           
                       
 

 
 
                                               John Doe                    
                                                                           
                      
 
 

 
                                              Jane Doe                     
                                                                         
 

 
                                               COMPANY:
 

 
                                               NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
 

 
                                               By:
                      ____________________________________                 
                                                                           
                        
 
                                               Name:
                      __________________________________                   
                                                                           
                      
 
                                               Title:
                      ___________________________________                  
                                                                           
                       
 


  10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE I
 
Registering Stockholders
 


Name
Address
 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 


1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Annex A
 
NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC.
 
Registering Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire
 
The undersigned beneficial owner of certain shares (the “Registrable Shares
”) common stock, par value $.001 (the “Common Stock”), of NYTEX Energy 
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), understands that 
the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “Commission”) a registration statement on such form of 
registration as is available, including on Form S-1 (the “Registration 
Statement”) for the registration and resale under Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”), of the Registrable Shares, in accordance 
with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of ______, 
2010 (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), by and among the Company and 
the Purchasers named therein.  A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement 
is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below.  
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a Registering 
Stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.  
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Shares are 
advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the 
consequences of being named or not being named as a Registering Stockholder 
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.
 
NOTICE
 
The undersigned beneficial owner (the “Registering Stockholder”) of 
Registrable Shares hereby elects to include the Registrable Shares owned by 
it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise specified under such Item 
3) in the Registration Statement.
 
The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company 
and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:
 
QUESTIONNAIRE
 
1.
Name.
 
 
(a)
Full Legal Name of Registering Stockholder:
 

 
 
 
 
 
(b)
Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through 
which Registrable Shares Listed in Item 3 below are held:
 

 
 
 
 

2 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(c)
Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who 
directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of 
the securities covered by the questionnaire):
 

 
 
 
 
2.
Address for Notices to Registering Stockholder:
 
 
 

    Telephone:__________________________________________________
    Fax:  _______________________________________________________           
         
    Contact Person: ______________________________________________          
                                                                            
                                                   
 
 
 
3.
Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Shares:
 
 
(a)
Type and Principal Amount of Registrable Shares beneficially owned (not 
including the Registrable Shares that are issuable pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement):
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
4.
Broker-Dealer Status:
 
 
(a)
Are you a broker-dealer?
 
Yes      o                No       o    
 
 
(b)
If “yes” to Section 4(a), did you receive your Registrable Shares as 
compensation for investment banking services to the Company.
 
Yes      o                No       o
 
 
Note:
If no, the Commission’s staff has indicated that you should be identified 
as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.
 
 
(c)
Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?
 
Yes      o                No       o
 
 
(d)
If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you bought 
the Registrable Shares in the ordinary course of business, and at the time 
of the purchase of the Registrable Shares to be resold, you had no 
agreements or
 

3 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the 
Registrable Shares?
 
Yes        o              No        o
 
 
Note:
If no, the Commission’s staff has indicated that you should be identified 
as underwriter in the Registration Statement.
 
5.
Beneficial Ownership of Other Securities of the Company Owned by the 
Registering Stockholder.
 
    Except as set forth below in this Item 5, the undersigned is not the
    beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other
    than the Registrable Shares listed above in Item 3.
 
 
(a)
Type and Amount of Other Securities beneficially owned by the Registering 
Stockholder:
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
6.
Relationships with the Company:
 
    Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its
    affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of
    5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any
    position or office or has had any other material relationship with the
    Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three
    years.
 
    State any exceptions here: 
    __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
 
    

 
     

 
The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies 
or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to 
the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains 
effective.
 
By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the 
information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 6 and the 
inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related 
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.  The undersigned 
understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in 
connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement 
and the related prospectus.
 

4 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused 
this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person 
or by its duly authorized agent.
 
Dated:                                                                      
                               Beneficial Owner:                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
      
 
                                                 By:                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                 
                                                       Name:                
                                                                            
                              
                                                       Title:               
                                                                            
                                
 
PLEASE FAX A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE, 
AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY OVERNIGHT MAIL, TO:
 
NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
Attn: Kenneth Kase Conte
12222 Merit Drive, Suite 1850
Dallas, Texas 75251
Facsimile: 972-770-4701



5 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

