 EX-10.81 4 ex10-81.htm EXHIBIT 10.81 FIRST AMENDMENT TO DELTA CONNECTION 
AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.81
 
CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.  THE SYMBOL “[***]” HAS BEEN INSERTED IN PLACE OF 
THE PORTIONS SO OMITTED.


EXECUTION COPY

 
AMENDMENT TO DELTA CONNECTION AGREEMENT

This Amendment to Delta Connection Agreement, together with the Exhibits 
hereto (this “Amendment”), is entered into as of July 1, 2010 (the 
“Effective Date”), by and between Pinnacle Airlines, Inc. (“Operator”), 
Pinnacle Airlines Corp. (“Parent”) and Delta Air Lines, Inc. (“Delta” and, 
together with Operator and Parent, the “Parties”).

WHEREAS, Pinnacle operates certain of its flights as “Delta Connection” 
flights using the “DL” designator code pursuant to the Delta Connection 
Agreement, dated effective April 27, 2007 (as amended from time to time, 
the “DCA”), among Delta, Parent, and Operator;

WHEREAS, simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Amendment, 
Delta, Parent, Operator and Mesaba Aviation, Inc. (“Mesaba”) are executing 
and delivering that certain Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of the 
Effective Date (the “Stock Purchase Agreement”) pursuant to which Delta 
will sell and transfer to Parent, and Parent will purchase and acquire from 
Delta, all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Mesaba on the 
terms and conditions set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Mesaba 
Acquisition”); and

WHEREAS, in connection with the Mesaba Acquisition, Delta, Parent, Operator 
and Mesaba are entering into that certain 2010 Delta Connection Agreement 
dated as of the Effective Date (the “2010 CRJ-900 Delta Connection 
Agreement”) and that certain Second Amendment and Restatement of the 
Airline Services Agreement dated as of the Effective Date (the “Airline 
Services Agreement”);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Mesaba Acquisition, Delta, Parent, and 
Mesaba are entering into that certain SAAB 340B+ Delta Connection Agreement 
dated as of the Effective Date (the “SAAB DCA”);

WHEREAS, the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Parties is a 
condition to the consummation of the Mesaba Acquisition by Parent and 
Delta.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
mutual undertakings set forth herein and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as 
follows:


1.           All capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have 
the same meaning as set forth in the DCA.

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

2.           ***

3.           Article 3.A. of the DCA shall be amended by deleting the 
introductory paragraph thereof in its entirety and replacing such text with 
the following:

    Base Compensation.  Commencing after the operation of the initial Delta
    Connection Flight, except as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, in
    exchange for the flying and operation of the Aircraft pursuant to the
    terms and conditions of this Agreement, Delta shall pay Operator the
    “Base Rate Costs” and the “Pass Through Costs” (each as such term is
    defined below, and collectively, the “Direct Costs”) and the
    “Reimbursable Costs” (as such term is defined below), in each case, as
    relates to the operation of the Delta Connection Flights and as
    determined in accordance with this Agreement. It is understood that
    Direct Costs and other Reimbursable Costs shall be based on market
    based, direct operating costs and generally accepted accounting
    principles (“GAAP”), and specifically exclude any pre-paid expenses
    except as expressly provided herein.  In addition, in any month in
    which Operator and Mesaba achieve an aggregated completion rate
    (calculated in accordance with Section 10.A(ii) of this Agreement) for
    the Delta Connection Flights scheduled under this Agreement and the
    “Delta Connection Flights” (as defined in the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta
    Connection Agreement)  scheduled pursuant to the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta
    Connection Agreement (together with the “Delta Connection Flights,” the
    “Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights”) of at least the Minimum
    Completion Factor threshold as set forth in Schedule 3 attached hereto,
    Delta shall pay Operator a mark-up (the “Base Mark-up”) of *** of such
    Direct Costs incurred during such month.  For any Delta Connection
    Flight cancelled at the request of Delta (a “Delta Directed
    Cancellation”), unless such cancellation becomes an Operator
    Non-Cancelled Flight (as defined in Section 10.A.(i) of this
    Agreement), Operator shall be compensated for its Direct Costs incurred
    in connection with such Delta Directed Cancellation, other than
    maintenance-related costs set forth on Exhibit B to the DCA, for which
    Operator shall receive no compensation.

4.           Article 3.E.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
sub-clauses (a) and (b) thereof and replacing such subclauses with the 
following:

 
a.
“Monthly Incentive Goals” shall mean with respect to each month during the 
Term, the monthly goals set forth in Schedule 3 attached hereto with 
respect to each of: (i) completion rate, (ii) on-time arrival rate and 
(iii) on-time departure rate and (iv) customer experience.

 
b.
Reserved.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


5.           Article 3.E.2. of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
sub-clauses (i) and (ii) thereof in their entirety and replacing such 
sub-clauses with the following:

    (i)           Monthly Incentive 1 Compensation. In addition to the Base
    Compensation, Operator shall have the opportunity to earn additional
    compensation (the “Monthly Incentive 1Compensation”) based upon its
    actual performance in the Monthly Incentive 1 Performance Categories as
    compared to the applicable Monthly Incentive 1 Goal set forth on
    Schedule 3.

       (a)           For each month during the Term of this Agreement,
       Delta shall pay Operator an additional *** mark-up of the Direct
       Costs (subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, as
       calculated monthly based on the actual direct costs incurred by
       Operator in operating the Delta Connection Flights during such
       month) for the following Monthly Performance Goal that Operator
       achieves during such month:

         Actual completion factor (calculated in accordance with Section
         10.A.(i) of this Agreement) for the scheduled Aggregated CRJ900
         Delta Connection Flights equal to or greater than the applicable
         completion factor Monthly Incentive 1 Goal as set forth in
         Schedule 3;

       (b)           For each month during the Term of this Agreement,
       Delta shall pay Operator an additional *** mark-up of the Direct
       Costs (subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, as
       calculated monthly based on the actual direct costs incurred by
       Operator in operating the Delta Connection Flights during such
       month) for each of the following performance goals that Operator
       achieves during such month:

         (1)      Actual on-time arrival (A0) rate (i.e. the number of
         scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights that arrive
         at their scheduled destination prior to 0 minutes after their
         respective scheduled arrival times) for scheduled Aggregated
         CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights equal to or greater than the
         applicable A0 Monthly Incentive 1 Goal as set forth in Schedule 3;
         and

         (2)  actual on-time departure (D0) rate (i.e. the number of
         scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights that depart
         at their scheduled destination prior to 0 minutes after their
         respective scheduled departure times) for scheduled Aggregated
         CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights equal to or greater that the
         applicable D0 Monthly Incentive 1 Goal as set forth in Schedule 3.


 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


6.           Article 3.E.3. is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with the following:

    Incentive 2 Compensation.  In addition to the Base Compensation and the
    Monthly Incentive 1 Compensation, Operator shall have the opportunity
    to earn additional compensation (the “Incentive 2 Compensation”) based
    upon its performance in the Incentive 2 Performance Categories as
    compared to the respective Incentive 2 Goal for each Performance
    Category set forth on Schedule 3.

     (i)       During each month with respect to completion factor and each
     calendar quarter with respect to customer experience, Delta shall pay
     Operator a *** mark-up of the Direct Costs (subject to the limitations
     set forth in this Agreement, as calculated based on the actual direct
     costs incurred by Operator in operating the Delta Connection Flights
     during such one month period) for each of the following Monthly
     Performance Goals that Operator achieves during such month or calendar
     quarter, as applicable:

 
    (a)
Actual completion factor (calculated in accordance with Section 10.A.(i) of 
this Agreement) for the scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection 
Flights equal to or greater than the applicable Incentive 2 Goals as set 
forth in Schedule 3;  and
 
       (b) Customer Experience (calculated in accordance with Section
10.A.(iv) of this Agreement) for the scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta 
Connection Flights per the threshold defined in Schedule 3.  For purposes 
of this Agreement, customer experience will be evaluated on a calendar 
quarter basis.

     (ii)      During each month Delta shall pay Operator a *** mark-up of
     the Direct Costs (subject to the limitations set forth in this
     Agreement, as calculated based on the actual direct costs incurred by
     Operator in operating the Delta Connection Flights during such one
     month period) for each of the following Monthly Performance Goals that
     Operator achieves during such month:

 
           (a)
    Actual on-time arrival (A0) rate (i.e. the number of scheduled 
Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights that arrive at their scheduled 
destination prior to 0 minutes after their respective scheduled arrival 
times) for scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights equal to or 
greater than the applicable AO Incentive 2 Goal as set forth in Schedule 3; 
and


 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (b)           Actual on-time departure (D0) rate (i.e. the number of
       scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights that depart at
       their scheduled destination prior to 0 minutes after their
       respective scheduled departure times) for scheduled Aggregated
       CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights equal to or greater that the
       applicable D0 Monthly Incentive 2 Goal as set forth in Schedule 3.

7.           Article 10.A. of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) thereof in their entirety and 
replacing such sub-clauses with the following:

 
    (i) The completion rate of the Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection
    Flights during such day.  Unless revised in accordance with Section
    10(C) below, Operator and Mesaba shall maintain an aggregated
    completion rate with respect to the scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta
    Connection Flights as set forth on Schedule 10 attached hereto and made
    a part hereof.  For purposes of this Agreement, the determination of
    completion rate of the scheduled Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection
    Flights shall be calculated on an all-in basis, such that all
    cancellations or uncompleted flights -- regardless of the reason --
    shall be counted as cancelled flights which either Operator or Mesaba
    has not completed with the following exceptions:
 
 
       (a)           Any Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flight that is
       cancelled by Operator or Mesaba, but through coordination with
       Delta’s Operation Control Center (“OCC”) is successfully operated by
       either Delta or another operator within the Delta Connection program
       other than Operator or Mesaba, respectively (i.e. Cancellation Codes
       19A-F) (a “Substitute Flight”), shall be treated as a completed
       Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flight.  Operator shall use its
       best efforts to coordinate Substitute Flights with Delta’s OCC when
       known cancellations are imminent;
 
 
       (b)           Any Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flight that is
       cancelled at Delta’s request, as determined by Delta’s OCC (i.e.
       Cancellation Code 19H);
 
 
       (c)           Any Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flight operated
       by an Operator with no revenue passengers and not completed within
       two (2) hours of its scheduled arrival time shall be considered a
       non-completed flight, unless at the direction of Delta’s OCC; and
 
 
       (d)           Any Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flight
       requested by Delta’s OCC to be cancelled for purposes of
       substitution (i.e. Cancellation Code 19G) shall be treated as a
       completed flight.
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
    If Delta requests Operator to cancel one or more scheduled Delta
    Connection Flights, Operator shall comply with any such request within
    the time period reasonably requested by Delta.  In the event Operator
    does not cancel any such flight, or does not cancel any such flight
    within the time period reasonably requested by Delta (each, an
    "Operator Non-Cancelled Flight"), each such Operator Non-Cancelled
    Flight, for all purposes of this Agreement, shall not be regarded as a
    completed flight and Delta shall not be obligated to pay Operator any
    compensation or any other reimbursements in connection with such
    Operator Non-Cancelled Flights.
 

    (ii)  Operator and Mesaba shall maintain an aggregate percentage of
    on-time arrivals for all  Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights as
    set forth on Schedule 10 attached hereto and made a part hereof.

    (iii)  Operator and Mesaba shall maintain an aggregate percentage of
    on-time departures for all  Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights
    as set forth on Schedule 10 attached hereto and made a part hereof.

    (iv)  Operator and Mesaba shall maintain an ISM score for all 
    Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights as set forth on Schedule 10 
    attached hereto and made a part hereof. The ISM score will be
    calculated by Delta taking a simple average of the Delta Customer
    Satisfaction Survey results for the Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection
    Flights during the applicable measuring period in each of the following
    categories:

    On-Board Timely & Accurate Information
    Flight Attendant Helpful & Courteous
    Flight Attendant Availability
    Flight Attendant Professional Appearance
    Clean Lavatory
    Clean Cabin
    Condition of Aircraft Interior & Cabin Appearance

8.           Article 10.D. of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
the text thereof in its entirety and replacing such text with the 
following:

    Delta shall provide to Operator information and other data in its
    possession relating to the (i) number of mishandled bags, (ii) denied
    boarding, (iii) disability complaints and (iv) DOT complaints for the
    Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights submitted to, or retained
    pursuant to regulations promulgated by, the U.S. Department of
    Transportation.

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



9.           Article 11.E.(vi) of the Agreement is hereby amended by 
deleting the text thereof in its entirety and replacing such text with the 
following:

    Operator and Mesaba fail to achieve any of the Operational Performance
    Standards set forth on Schedule 10 with respect to the Aggregate CRJ900
    Delta Connection Flights during any ***;

10.           Article 11.E. of the Agreement is hereby further amended by 
adding the following sub-clause (xii) to the end thereof:

    (xii)  Parent, Operator or Mesaba shall default with respect to the
    material terms of any other agreement between Parent, Operator or
    Mesaba or any of their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and
    Delta or an Affiliate of Delta, on the other hand (any such agreement,
    a “Related Party Agreement”), and such breach shall continue for more
    than the period of grace, if any, specified therein and shall not have
    been waived; provided, however, that each of (i) the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta
    Connection Agreement; (ii) the SAAB Delta Connection Agreement and
    (iii) the Airline Services Agreement shall not be a Related Party
    Agreement hereunder until July 1, 2011.
 
11.           Article 14 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following sub-section I. to the end thereof:

    ***
 
12.
***
 


13.           (a)           The Parties agree that for purposes of this 
Article 3.A.(ii), for each relevant period, the following Pass Through 
Costs shall be determined, and such amount billed under this Agreement for 
such period, in accordance with the following allocations of the aggregated 
amount of Operator’s and Mesaba’s actual aggregate “Direct Cost” (as 
defined in the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta Connection Agreement) incurred, if any, 
with respect to each Pass Through Cost under this Agreement and the 
corresponding “Direct Expense” under, and as defined in, the 2010 CRJ-900 
Delta Connection Agreement:

 
(i)  Landing Fees:
Actual takeoff at an origin city and landing at a destination city (each a 
“Cycle”) operated by the Aircraft/ (Cycles operated by the Aircraft + 
Cycles operated by aircraft pursuant to the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta Connection 
Agreement)

  	
 (ii)  Passenger Liability   
        Insurance:
Block Hours flown by the Aircraft/ (Block Hours flown by the Aircraft + 
Block Hours operated by aircraft pursuant to the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta 
Connection Agreement)

 
(iii) War Risk Insurance:
Block Hours flown by the Aircraft/ (Block Hours flown by the Aircraft + 
Block Hours operated by aircraft pursuant to the 2010 CRJ-900 Delta 
Connection Agreement)


(b) With respect to Engine Maintenance Expense, such Pass Through Cost 
shall only relate to the engines set forth on Scheduel 13 attached to this 
Amendment and made a part hereof.

14.           Schedule 3 of the DCA is hereby amended by deleting it in its 
entirety and replacing it with the Schedule 3 attached to this Amendment.

15.           Schedule 10 of the DCA is hereby amended by deleting it in 
its entirety and replacing it with the Schedule 10 attached to this 
Amendment.

16.           The DCA is herby amended by adding thereto the Exhibit A 
attached to this Amendment.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


17.           (a)  This Amendment constitutes the entire understanding of 
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other prior 
or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, are expressly 
superseded hereby.

(b)  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
including via facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original and all 
of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


Except as amended hereby, the DCA, as amended, is hereby ratified and 
confirmed in all respects and remains in effect in accordance with its 
terms.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed and delivered as of this 1st day of July, 2010.

 
DELTA AIR LINES, INC.
 
By:                                                      
Name:  ________________________
Title:  _________________________
 
PINNACLE AIRLINES, INC.
 
By:  ________________________
Name:  ______________________
Title:  _______________________
 
  	
 
PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP.
 
By:  ________________________
Name:  ______________________
Title:  _______________________
 


 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Schedule 3

Monthly Incentive Goals and Minimum Performance Requirements


1. ***



Schedule 10


MIMIMUM PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS



1.  
Completion Rate:  No less than the threshold calculated in accordance with 
the Minimum Completion Factor Standard set forth in Schedule 3.
 
2.  
On-time Reliability:  No less than the threshold calculated in accordance 
with the Minimum A0 Performance Standards in Schedule 3 of all Aggregated 
CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights flown and arriving at scheduled destination 
within less than 1 minute of scheduled arrival time.
 
3.  
On-Time Departures:  No less than the threshold calculated in accordance 
with the Minimum D0 Performance Standards in Schedule 3 of all Aggregated 
CRJ900 Delta Connection Flights flown and departing from scheduled origin 
within less than 1 minute of scheduled departure time.
 
4.  
Customer Experience:  *** of all Aggregated CRJ900 Delta Connection 
Flights.
 


 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Schedule 13

Covered Engines for Engine Maintenance Expense





194631
194628
194633
194630
194625
194640
194664
194662
194667
194666
194673
194674
194683
194684
194695
194694
194705
194704
194645
194714
194717
194718
194737
194738
194741
194742
194751
194752
194806
194821
194831
194832
  	
194715





 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A

***

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

