 EX-10.1 2 exhibit10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit 10.1

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

ENERTOPIA CORP.

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of the 8th day of November, 2010 (the 
“Date of Grant”)

BETWEEN:

ENERTOPIA CORP., a company incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State 
of Nevada, of Suite 950 1130 West Pender, Vancouver, BC V6E 4A4
(the “Company”)

AND:

Randy Woods, #205 – 171 Commercial Drive, V1X 7W2
(the “Optionee”)

WHEREAS:

A. The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has approved and 
adopted the 2010 Stock Option Plan (the “Plan”), pursuant to which the 
Board is authorized to grant to employees and other selected persons stock 
options to purchase common shares of the Company (the “Common Stock”);

B. The Plan provides for the granting of stock options that either (i) are 
intended to qualify as “Incentive Stock Options” within the meaning of 
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), 
or (ii) do not qualify under Section 422 of the Code (“Non-Qualified Stock 
Options”); and

C. The Board has authorized the grant to the Optionee of options to 
purchase a total of 100,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Options”), which 
Options are intended to be (select one):

[     ] Incentive Stock Options;
[ X ] Non Qualified Stock Options

NOW THEREFORE, the Company agrees to offer to the Optionee the option to 
purchase, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, 
100,000 shares of Common Stock. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Plan.

1. 	

Exercise Price. The exercise price of the options shall be US $0.20 per 
share.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. 	

Limitation on the Number of Shares. If the Options granted hereby are 
Incentive Stock Options, the number of shares which may be acquired upon 
exercise thereof is subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.1 of 
the Plan.

  	  	 
3. 	

Vesting Schedule. The Options shall vest in accordance with Exhibit A.

  	  	 
4. 	

Options not Transferable. The Options may not be transferred, assigned, 
pledged or hypothecated in any manner (whether by operation of law or 
otherwise) other than by will, by applicable laws of descent and 
distribution or, in the case of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, pursuant to a 
qualified domestic relations order, and shall not be subject to execution, 
attachment or similar process; provided, however, that if the Options 
represent a Non- Qualified Stock Option, such Option is transferable 
without payment of consideration to immediate family members of the 
Optionee or to trusts or partnerships established exclusively for the 
benefit of the Optionee and Optionee’s immediate family members. Upon any 
attempt to transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Option 
or of any right or privilege conferred by the Plan contrary to the 
provisions thereof, or upon the sale, levy or attachment or similar process 
upon the rights and privileges conferred by the Plan, such Option shall 
thereupon terminate and become null and void.

  	  	 
5. 	

Investment Intent. By accepting the Options, the Optionee represents and 
agrees that none of the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of 
the Options will be distributed in violation of applicable federal and 
state laws and regulations. In addition, the Company may require, as a 
condition of exercising the Options, that the Optionee execute an 
undertaking, in such a form as the Company shall reasonably specify, that 
the Stock is being purchased only for investment and without any 
then-present intention to sell or distribute such shares.

  	  	 
6. 	

Termination of Employment and Options. Vested Options shall terminate, to 
the extent not previously exercised, upon the occurrence of the first of 
the following events:

  	  	 
(a) 	

Expiration. Five (5) years from the Date of Grant.

  	  	 
(b) 	

Termination for Cause. The date of the first discovery by the Company of 
any reason for the termination of an Optionee’s employment or contractual 
relationship with the Company or any related company for cause (as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator), and, if an 
Optionee’s employment is suspended pending any investigation by the Company 
as to whether the Optionee’s employment should be terminated for cause, the 
Optionee’s rights under this Agreement and the Plan shall likewise be 
suspended during the period of any such investigation.

  	  	 
(c) 	

Termination Due to Death or Disability. The expiration of one (1) year from 
the date of the death of the Optionee or cessation of an Optionee’s 
employment or contractual relationship by reason of disability (as defined 
in Section 5.1(g) of the Plan). If an Optionee’s employment or contractual 
relationship is terminated by death, any Option held by the Optionee shall 
be exercisable only by the person or persons to whom such Optionee’s rights 
under such Option shall pass by the Optionee’s will or by the laws of 
descent and distribution.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d) 	

Termination for Any Other Reason. The expiration of ninety (90) days from 
the date of an Optionee’s termination of employment or contractual 
relationship with the Company or any Related Corporation for any reason 
whatsoever other than termination of service as a director, cause, death or 
Disability (as defined in Section 5.1(g) of the Plan). Each unvested Option 
granted pursuant hereto shall terminate immediately upon termination of the 
Optionee’s employment or contractual relationship with the Company for any 
reason whatsoever, including Disability unless vesting is accelerated in 
accordance with Section 5.1(f) of the Plan.

  	  	 
7. 	

Stock. In the case of any stock split, stock dividend or like change in the 
nature of shares of Stock covered by this Agreement, the number of shares 
and exercise price shall be proportionately adjusted as set forth in 
Section 5.1(m) of the Plan.

  	  	 
8. 	

Exercise of Option. Options shall be exercisable, in full or in part, at 
any time after vesting, until termination; provided, however, that any 
Optionee who is subject to the reporting and liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to the 
Common Stock shall be precluded from selling or transferring any Common 
Stock or other security underlying an Option during the six (6) months 
immediately following the grant of that Option. If less than all of the 
shares included in the vested portion of any Option are purchased, the 
remainder may be purchased at any subsequent time prior to the expiration 
of the Option term. No portion of any Option for less than fifty (50) 
shares (as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.1(m) of the Plan) may be 
exercised; provided, that if the vested portion of any Option is less than 
fifty (50) shares, it may be exercised with respect to all shares for which 
it is vested. Only whole shares may be issued pursuant to an Option, and to 
the extent that an Option covers less than one (1) share, it is 
unexercisable. Each exercise of the Option shall be by means of delivery of 
a notice of election to exercise (which may be in the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit B) to the President of the Company at its principal executive 
office, specifying the number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased and 
accompanied by payment in cash by certified check or cashier’s check in the 
amount of the full exercise price for the Common Stock to be purchased. In 
addition to payment in cash by certified check or cashier’s check, an 
Optionee or transferee of an Option may pay for all or any portion of the 
aggregate exercise price by complying with one or more of the following 
alternatives:

  	  	 
(a) 	

by delivering to the Company shares of Common Stock previously held by such 
person, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, or by the Company 
withholding shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable pursuant to 
exercise of the Option, which shares of Common Stock received or withheld 
shall have a fair market value at the date of exercise (as determined by 
the Plan Administrator) equal to the aggregate purchase price to be paid by 
the Optionee upon such exercise; or

  	  	 
(b) 	

by complying with any other payment mechanism approved by the Plan 
Administrator at the time of exercise. It is a condition precedent to the 
issuance of shares of Common Stock that the Optionee execute and/or deliver 
to the Company all documents and withholding taxes required in accordance 
with Section 5.1 of the Plan.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  
9. 	

Holding period for Incentive Stock Options. In order to obtain the tax 
treatment provided for Incentive Stock Options by Section 422 of the Code, 
the shares of Common Stock received upon exercising any Incentive Stock 
Options received pursuant to this Agreement must be sold, if at all, after 
a date which is later of two (2) years from the date of this agreement is 
entered into or one (1) year from the date upon which the Options are 
exercised. The Optionee agrees to report sales of shares prior to the above 
determined date to the Company within one (1) business day after such sale 
is concluded. The Optionee also agrees to pay to the Company, within five 
(5) business days after such sale is concluded, the amount necessary for 
the Company to satisfy its withholding requirement required by the Code in 
the manner specified in Section 5.1(l) of the Plan. Nothing in this Section 
9 is intended as a representation that Common Stock may be sold without 
registration under state and federal securities laws or an exemption 
therefrom or that such registration or exemption will be available at any 
specified time.

  	 
10. 	

Resale restrictions may apply. Any resale of the shares of Common Stock 
received upon exercising any Options will be subject to resale restrictions 
contained in the securities legislation applicable to the Optionee. The 
Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Optionee is solely responsible 
(and the Company is not in any way responsible) for compliance with 
applicable resale restrictions.

  	 
11. 	

Subject to 2010 Stock Option Plan. The terms of the Options are subject to 
the provisions of the Plan, as the same may from time to time be amended, 
and any inconsistencies between this Agreement and the Plan, as the same 
may be from time to time amended, shall be governed by the provisions of 
the Plan, a copy of which has been delivered to the Optionee, and which is 
available for inspection at the principal offices of the Company.

  	 
12. 	

Professional Advice. The acceptance of the Options and the sale of Common 
Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of Options may have consequences 
under federal and state tax and securities laws which may vary depending 
upon the individual circumstances of the Optionee. Accordingly, the 
Optionee acknowledges that he or she has been advised to consult his or her 
personal legal and tax advisor in connection with this Agreement and his or 
her dealings with respect to Options. Without limiting other matters to be 
considered with the assistance of the Optionee’s professional advisors, the 
Optionee should consider: (a) whether upon the exercise of Options, the 
Optionee will file an election with the Internal Revenue Service pursuant 
to Section 83(b) of the Code and the implications of alternative minimum 
tax pursuant to the Code; (b) the merits and risks of an investment in the 
underlying shares of Common Stock; and (c) any resale restrictions that 
might apply under applicable securities laws.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

13. 	

No Employment Relationship. Whether or not any Options are to be granted 
under this Plan shall be exclusively within the discretion of the Plan 
Administrator, and nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as 
giving any person any right to participate under this Plan. The grant of an 
Option shall in no way constitute any form of agreement or understanding 
binding on the Company or any Related Company, express or implied, that the 
Company or any Related Company will employ or contract with an Optionee, 
for any length of time, nor shall it interfere in any way with the 
Company’s or, where applicable, a Related Company’s right to terminate 
Optionee’s employment at any time, which right is hereby reserved.

  	 
14. 	

Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the only agreement between the Optionee 
and the Company with respect to the Options, and this Agreement and the 
Plan supersede all prior and contemporaneous oral and written statements 
and representations and contain the entire agreement between the parties 
with respect to the Options.

  	 
15. 	

Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be made or given hereunder 
shall be mailed or delivered personally to the addresses set forth below, 
or as changed from time to time by written notice to the other:

  	 

The Company:

Enertopia Corp.
Suite 950 1130 West Pender Street
Vancouver, BC V6E 4A4
Attention: President

With a copy to:

Clark Wilson LLP
800-885 West Georgia Street
Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 3H1
Attention: Conrad Nest

The Optionee:
 
 
 
 
 
ENERTOPIA CORP.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Per:

Authorized Signatory

____________________________
[Randy Woods]

 

 

EXHIBIT A

TERMS OF THE OPTION

Name of the Optionee: 	Randy Woods
  	 
Date of Grant: 	November 8, 2010
  	 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Designation: 	 Qualified Stock Options
  	   	  
1. 	 Number of Options granted: 	 100,000 stock options
  	   	  
2. 	 Purchase Price: 	 $0.20 per share
  	   	  
3. 	 Vesting Date: 	 100,000 options on November 8, 2010;
  	   	  
4. 	 Expiration Date: 	 November 8, 2015

 

EXHIBIT B

To:

Enertopia Corp.
Suite 950 1130 West Pender
Vancouver, BC V6E 4A4
Attention: President

Notice of Election to Exercise

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Notice of Election to Exercise shall constitute proper notice pursuant 
to Section 5.1(h) of Enertopia Corp.’s (the “Company”) 2010 Stock Option 
Plan (the “Plan”) and Section 8 of that certain Stock Option Agreement (the 
“Agreement”) dated as of the _______ day of __________________, 20___, 
between the Company and the undersigned.

The undersigned hereby elects to exercise Optionee’s option to purchase 
__________________shares of the common stock of the Company at a price of 
US$0.20 per share, for aggregate consideration of US$__________, on the 
terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement and the Plan. Such 
aggregate consideration, in the form specified in Section 8 of the 
Agreement, accompanies this notice.

The Optionee hereby directs the Company to issue, register and deliver the 
certificates representing the shares as follows:

Registration Information:

  	

Delivery Instructions:

  	   	  
  	   	  

Name to appear on certificates

  	

Name

 

  	

 

  	   	  

Address

  	

Address

  	   	  
  	   	  
  	   	  
  	   	  

 

  	

Telephone Number

DATED at ____________________________________, the _______day of 
_______________, 20___.

 
(Name of Optionee – Please type or print)
 
 
(Signature and, if applicable, Office)
 
 
(Address of Optionee)
 
 
(City, State, and Zip Code of Optionee)

------------------------------------------------------------------------