 EX-10.1 10 v202179_ex10-1.htm
LEASE

THIS LEASE dated February 29, 2008 is between:

       Orca Timber Products Ltd, a Company duly incorporated under the laws
       of the Province of British Columbia under certificate number
       BC0611731, having a registered and records office at

 ("Landlord")         

AND

       ecoPHASER Energy Corp., a Company duly incorporated under the laws
       of Canada under certificate number 688135-1, having a registered and
       records office at 2348 – 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC

 ("Tenant")         
AND:

       EcoTech Waste Management Systems (1991) Inc. a Company duly
       incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia
       having a registered and records office at 2197 Champlain Drive,
       Abbotsford, BC

       (“Indemnifier”)         
BACKGROUND

A.           The Landlord is the registered owner of a strata unit having 
the civic address of #101 - 26633 Gloucester Way, Langley, British 
Columbia.

B.           The strata unit is comprised of a building together with an 
interest in limited common property and the common property in proportion 
to the unit entitlement of the strata lot (the “Premises”);

C.           The Landlord has agreed to lease to the Tenant the Premises on 
the terms and conditions set out below.

AGREEMENTS

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
each party acknowledges, the parties covenant and agree as follows:

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

PART 1.
DEFINITIONS/SCHEDULES

1.1 
Defined Terms. In this Lease:

 
(a)
"Additional Rent" means all sums of money to be paid by the Tenant, whether 
to the Landlord or otherwise, under this Lease except Basic Rent;

 
(b)
"Affiliate" of any of the parties to this Lease means any corporation which 
is Controlled by or which Controls that party or any other corporation 
Controlled by, or which Controls, that corporation, whether the Control be 
direct or indirect;

 
(c)
"Architect" means the architect from time to time named by the Landlord;

 
(d)
"Basic Rent" means the basic rent set out in paragraph 4.2(a);

 
(e)
"Control" "Controls" and "Controlled" includes, without limitation:

 
(i)
the right to exercise a majority of the votes which may be cast at a 
general meeting of a corporation,

 
(ii)
the right to elect or appoint, directly or indirectly, a majority of the 
directors of a corporation or other persons who have the right to manage or 
supervise the management of the affairs and business of the corporation, 
and

 
(iii)
any change in the general partners of a partnership, including the 
resignation of a partner;

 
(f)
"Goods and Service Tax" or "G.S.T." means the tax presently levied under 
Part IX of the Excise Tax Act of Canada or as may be amended or substituted 
from time to time and includes any sales tax, multi-stage sales tax, value 
added tax, consumption tax or any other tax, levy, duty or assessment 
levied in lieu thereof or in addition thereto from time to time;

 
(g)
"Hazardous Substance" means any substance which, when released into the 
Premises any part of them, or into the natural environment, is likely to 
cause, at any time, material harm or degradation to the Premises or any 
part of them, or to the natural environment or material risk to human 
health, and includes, without limitation, any flammables, explosives, 
radioactive materials, asbestos, polycholorinatedbiphenyls, 
chlorofluorocarbons, hydrochlorofluorocarbons, urea formaldehyde foam 
insulation, radon gas, chemicals known to cause cancer or other toxicity, 
pollutants, contaminants, hazardous wastes, toxic substances or related 
materials, petroleum and petroleum products, or any substance declared to 
be hazardous or toxic or a pollutant, dangerous good, deleterious 
substance, effluent, hazardous waste or special waste, or words of similar 
meaning under any laws now or enacted in the future, which affect or apply 
to the Premises, the Landlord, the Tenant, or any of them;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(h)
"HVAC Costs" means all costs of heating, ventilating, air conditioning and 
humidity control of the Premises and includes, but is not limited to, cost 
of fuel, water, electricity, operation of air distribution and cooling 
equipment, cost of maintenance of facilities and systems related to 
heating, ventilating, air conditioning, humidity control of the Premises, 
labour, materials, non-capital repairs, maintenance, service and other such 
costs, and depreciation (computed in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in the Province of British Columbia) of the capital 
cost of fixtures and equipment used therefor which by their nature require 
periodic replacement or substantial repair or replacement, reasonably 
attributable to the heating, ventilating or air conditioning or humidity 
control of the Premises;

 
(i)
"Landlord" means the party described as such above and its successors and 
assigns;

 
(j)
"Lease" means this Lease and all its Schedules, as amended from time to 
time;

 
(k)
"Leasehold Improvements" means all fixtures, trade fixtures, improvements, 
installations, alterations and additions from time to time made, erected or 
installed by, or on behalf of, the Tenant in or upon the Premises, 
including the Tenant's Work, with the exception of furniture and equipment 
not of the nature of fixtures, but includes all partitions however fixed 
(including floor to ceiling moveable partitions) and includes all 
wall-to-wall carpeting with the exception of carpeting laid over vinyl tile 
or other finished floor and affixed so as to be readily removable without 
damage;

 
(l)
"Mortgage" means a mortgage or charge (including a deed of trust and 
mortgage securing bonds and all other indentures supplemental to it) on or 
in respect of the Premises or any part of them, and includes all renewals, 
modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions;

 
(m)
"Mortgagee" means the mortgagee or trustee for bondholders, as the case may 
be, named in a Mortgage;

 
(n)
"Operating Costs" means the aggregate (without duplication) of all costs 
and expenses incurred by the Landlord or on behalf of the Landlord for the 
ownership, operation, maintenance, repair, replacement and management of 
the Premises, whether contemplated at the time of execution of this Lease 
or otherwise including, without limitation, all costs and expenses of:

 
(i)
all insurance which the Landlord is obligated to obtain, and any other 
insurance the Landlord or its Mortgagee elects to obtain, in respect of any 
risk or casualty, including public liability, property damage and loss of 
rental income insurance,

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(ii)
cleaning, painting, janitorial services, including snow and ice removal, 
garbage and waste collection and disposal,

 
(iii)
supervision and security systems,

 
(iv)
fees and other remuneration payable for operating, maintenance, 
engineering, legal and accounting services, and other consulting and 
professional services, and if those services are performed by individuals 
employed by the Landlord, they will include remuneration of those 
individuals including fringe benefits, unemployment insurance and pension 
plans,

 
(v)
supplies and the rental equipment used by the Landlord in maintenance and 
operating services,

 
(vi)
depreciation or amortization (computed by the Landlord in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in British Columbia) of 
furnishings, fixtures, equipment, machinery, facilities, systems and 
property which by their nature require periodic or substantial repair or 
replacement, but excluding structural repair or replacement,

 
(vii)
repairs and replacements to, and maintenance of, the Premises including, 
but not limited to, the cost of gardening, landscaping and outdoor area 
maintenance and equipment, maintenance and repair of the roof of the 
Premises and the surface of the exterior walls of the Premises; but 
excluding structural repairs,

 
(viii)
GST on goods and services provided by or on behalf of the Landlord,

 
(ix)
costs otherwise attributable to capital account for improvements, machinery 
or equipment which are intended to reduce Operating Costs,

 
(x)
all costs incurred in acquiring, installing, operating, maintaining, 
revising repairing, restoring, renewing and replacing any energy 
conservation, fire safety, sprinkler and life safety systems and equipment 
for the Premises, and for effecting any improvements to the Premises made 
to comply with any changes in insurance or legal requirements, including 
any applicable laws or regulations governing, among other things, air 
pollution, air quality and environmental control standards, and for 
investigating, testing, monitoring, controlling, removing, disposing, 
enclosing, encapsulating or abating any Hazardous Substance in, on, under 
or above the Premises or any part thereof which, in the Landlord's opinion, 
or in the opinion of any regulating authority having jurisdiction, is or 
may be harmful to or hazardous to any person or to the Premises or any part 
thereof, and

 
(xi)
license, permit and inspection fees, but does not include debt service 
incurred by the Landlord;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
(o)
"Permitted Business" means the permitted business described in paragraph 
5.1;

 
(p)
"Prime Rate" means the highest annual rate of interest announced at the 
relevant time by the Toronto-Dominion Bank as a reference rate in effect 
for determining interest rates on Canadian dollar commercial loans made by 
it in Canada;

 
(q)
"Rent" means Basic Rent and Additional Rent;

 
(r)
"Security Deposit" means the deposit as defined in paragraph 4.6;

 
(s)
"Taxes" means all taxes, rates, duties, levies and assessments whatsoever, 
whether municipal, parliamentary or otherwise, levied, imposed or assessed 
against the Premises or any part of either of them or upon the Landlord in 
respect of them or in respect of the use and occupation of them by any 
competent authority, including, without limitation:

 
(i)
those levied, imposed or assessed for education, schools and local 
improvements,

 
(ii)
all costs and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) 
reasonably incurred by the Landlord in good faith in contesting, resisting 
or appealing any taxes, rates, duties, levies or assessments, and

 
(iii)
any and all taxes which may in future be levied in lieu of taxes as set out 
above provided such taxes relate to the value of the Premises or any part 
of either of them,

       but excluding income or profit taxes on the income of the Landlord
       to the extent those taxes are not levied in lieu of taxes, rates,
       duties, levies and assessments against the Premises or any part of
       either of them or upon the Landlord in respect of them;

 
(t)
"Tenant's Work" means the work to be performed by the Tenant in or upon the 
Premises in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2;

 
(u)
"Term" means the period of time set out in paragraph 3.2;

 
(v)
"Unavoidable Delay" means a delay in performance of an act or compliance 
with a covenant caused by any event beyond the reasonable control of the 
party obligated to perform or comply, except a delay caused by lack of 
funds or other financial reason.

1.2 
Schedules.  The following Schedules form part of this Lease:

    SCHEDULE 1 - Legal Description of the Property
SCHEDULE 2 - Tenant's and Landlord’s Work

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

PART 2.
INTENT

2.1         Net Lease.  The Tenant will pay to the Landlord duly and 
punctually all Rent without any deduction, abatement or set-off whatsoever, 
it being the intention of the Landlord and the Tenant that this Lease is to 
be a completely carefree net lease to the Landlord.  All expenses, costs, 
payments and outgoings incurred in respect of, or relating to, the Premises 
whether or not referred to in this Lease, and whether or not within the 
present contemplation of the Landlord or the Tenant, will be borne by the 
Tenant so that Rent will be absolutely net to the Landlord except as 
otherwise specifically provided in this Lease.

PART 3.
PREMISES, TERM

3.1         Demise.  The Landlord leases the Premises to the Tenant for the 
Term, and the Tenant leases the Premises from the Landlord, on and subject 
to the covenants and agreements contained in this Lease.

3.2         Commencement of Term.  The Term of this Lease is for five years 
and will commence on April 1, 2008.

3.3         Extension of Term.  If the Term commences on a day other than 
the first day of a month, the Term will be extended by the period from the 
commencement date of this Lease to and including the last day of the month 
in which the commencement date occurs.

3.4         Early Possession.  The Tenant shall have possession of the 
Premises for the purpose of completing the Tenant’s Work commencing March 
1, 2008, however, the Tenant acknowledges that the Landlord will retain 
possession of the offices in the upstairs area until April 1, 2008.

PART 4.
BASIC RENT AND ADDITIONAL RENT

4.1         Covenant to Pay Rent.  The Tenant covenants to pay when due 
Rent and all other costs and charges payable by it under this Lease.

4.2         Rent, including Basic Rent.

 
(a)
During the Term, the Tenant will pay to the Landlord, at the office of the 
Landlord or at such other place in Canada as the Landlord designates from 
time to time in writing, in lawful money of Canada and without deduction, 
set-off or abatement, the aggregate of:

 
(i)
Basic Rent for the first three years of the Term of $7.50 per square foot 
per year plus G.S.T. payable in equal consecutive monthly instalments of 
$5,028.75 each plus G.S.T. in advance on the first day of each calendar 
month;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(ii)
Basic Rent for the last two years of the Term of $8.00 per square foot per 
year plus G.S.T. payable in equal consecutive monthly instalments of 
$5,364.00 each plus G.S.T. in advance on the first day of each calendar 
month;

(iii) 
Additional Rent as specified in paragraph 4.3;

 
(iv)
all G.S.T. assessed upon or as a direct result of the payment of Rent under 
this Lease and such G.S.T. will not be considered to be Rent, but the 
Landlord will have the same rights and remedies for non-payment of G.S.T. 
as it has for non-payment of Rent.

 
(b)
All Rent will accrue from day to day, and if for any reason it is necessary 
to calculate Rent for less than one year or one month, an appropriate 
adjustment will be made pro rata on a daily basis to compute the Rent for 
that irregular period.

4.3         Additional Rent

 
(a)
In each year the Tenant will pay, when due, to the Landlord (or to others, 
as required), as Additional Rent:

(i) 
all Operating Costs as set out in paragraph 4.3(b)B;

(ii) 
the Taxes as set out in paragraph 4.3(b)A;

(iii)
the cost of all utilities, including without limitation, electricity, gas, 
other fuel, water and telephone, as set out in paragraph 8.1,

 
(iv)
all HVAC Costs as set out in paragraph 4.3(b)C;

 
(v)
the costs of all utilities as provided in paragraph 4.3(b)D;

 
(vi)
all taxes and assessments against Leasehold Improvements, as set out in 
paragraph 4.3(b)A; and

 
(vii)
all other sums of money required under this Lease to be paid to the 
Landlord by the Tenant whether or not designated as Additional Rent other 
than Basic Rent.

 
(b)
In each year the Tenant will pay as Additional Rent, and discharge when 
they become payable as set out in any invoice therefor whether delivered by 
the Landlord or any other authority or supplier:

 
A.
all taxes, rates, duties and assessments and other charges that may be 
levied, rated, charged or assessed against the Leasehold Improvements 
(including, without limitation, trade fixtures) and furniture, equipment or 
facilities of the Tenant on or comprising part of the Premises, and every 
tax and licence fee in respect of every business or activity conducted on 
or from the Premises, or in respect of their use or occupancy by the Tenant 
and every assignee, subtenant, licensee or other person conducting business 
on or from the Premises, whether they are charged by a municipal, 
provincial, federal, school or other body;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
B.
all Operating Costs, whether invoiced by the Landlord to the Tenant or by 
any person who, in accordance with the provisions of this Lease, supplies 
services or goods relating to Operating Costs at the request or for the 
benefit of the Tenant;

 
C.
all HVAC Costs, whether invoiced by the Landlord to the Tenant or by any 
person who, in accordance with the provisions of this Lease, supplies 
services or goods relating to the HVAC Costs, at the request or for the 
benefit of the Tenant; and

 
D.
all utilities and service charges related to the Premises, whether invoiced 
by the Landlord to the Tenant or directly by any supplier, at the request 
or for the benefit of the Tenant;

 
(c)
The Tenant will indemnify and save harmless the Landlord against payment 
for all losses, costs, charges, expenses and other liabilities arising from 
all the taxes, rates, duties, assessments, licence fees, Operating Costs, 
HVAC Costs and utilities referred to in this paragraph 4.3(b) and all 
amounts which may in the future be levied in lieu of them, and any losses, 
costs, charges and expenses suffered by the Landlord may be recovered by 
the Landlord in the same manner as Rent in arrears;

 
(d)
On request of the Landlord the Tenant will deliver promptly to the Landlord 
receipts for payment of all amounts set out in paragraph 4.3(a) (unless 
invoiced by and paid directly to the Landlord), which were payable up to 1 
year prior to the request, and will also deliver before the 21st day of 
January in each year to the Landlord if requested, evidence satisfactory to 
the Landlord of payment of all of them for the last preceding calendar 
year.

 
(e)
If the Landlord is not provided by the taxing authorities with a separate 
allocation of the Taxes relating to the Premises, the Landlord will make 
the allocation acting reasonably.  If there is a dispute as to the method 
or amount of the allocation, the opinion of an independent professional 
real property tax consultant appointed by the Landlord (whose fees will be 
borne equally by the Landlord and the Tenant) verifying the Taxes for the 
period covered by the certificate will be conclusive.  The Landlord will 
invoice the Tenant for the Taxes payable by the Tenant in equal monthly 
instalments, in advance, based upon an estimate of the Taxes for the next 
succeeding year.  Within 90 days after the end of each year, the Landlord 
will make a final determination of the Taxes attributable to the Premises 
for the relevant calendar year.  If the amount determined exceeds the sum 
of the instalments paid by the Tenant for the year in question, the Tenant 
will pay to the Landlord, as Additional Rent within 30 days after the date 
of delivery of the statement by the Landlord the excess without interest 
or, if the sum of the instalments paid by the Tenant during the preceding 
year exceed the amounts calculated by the Landlord as due for that year, 
the Landlord will credit the Tenant, without interest, with the amount 
against the next ensuing payments of Taxes due by the Tenant and, if there 
are no ensuing payments, the amount will be paid to the Tenant forthwith, 
without interest.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(f)
If any of the amounts referred to in paragraphs 4.3(a), 4.3(b) or 4.3(c) is 
not paid at the time required under this Lease, it will be collectible as 
Additional Rent with the next instalment of Rent falling due, but nothing 
in this Lease suspends or delays the payment of any amount of money when it 
becomes payable, or limits any other remedy of the Landlord.

 
(g)
The Tenant will pay to the Landlord G.S.T. as required under this Lease, 
and if there is no specific provision relating to a payment of G.S.T., the 
following applies:

 
(i)
G.S.T. will be paid either at the same time and in the same manner as 
monthly payments of Rent are payable, or at the time the taxing authority 
in respect of G.S.T. requires them to be paid by the Landlord or the 
Tenant, whichever is earlier;

 
(ii)
if a specific assessment of G.S.T. is unknown for whatever reason or the 
Landlord has not estimated a monthly payment of G.S.T., under paragraph 
4.3(g)(iii) and any amount of G.S.T. is not paid in accordance with this 
Lease, then the Tenant will pay the amount of G.S.T. to the Landlord within 
5 business days of receipt of notice from the Landlord specifying the 
amount of the G.S.T;

 
(iii)
the Landlord will, acting reasonably, estimate the amount of G.S.T. to be 
paid in advance with monthly payments of Rent for the period to which the 
estimate applies; and any necessary adjustment after the period in question 
will be made in the same manner as Taxes.  All G.S.T. will be calculated 
and paid without regard to any input tax credits, set-offs, exceptions, 
exemptions or deductions to which the Landlord is or may be entitled.  All 
payments of G.S.T. will be collectible as Additional Rent and the Landlord 
will have the same rights and remedies for nonpayment of G.S.T. as it has 
for nonpayment of Rent.

 
(h)
The Landlord estimates that Additional Rent for the first year shall be the 
amount of $3.35 per square foot.

4.4         Pre-authorized Payment Plan.  The Tenant, at the request of the 
Landlord, will authorize the financial institution at which the Tenant 
maintains an account to pay the Landlord and debit the account of the 
Tenant amounts equal to the monthly payments for Basic Rent and Additional 
Rent, as estimated by the Landlord, such payments to be made on the dates 
that they accrue due under this Lease.  The Tenant will instruct the 
financial institution to transfer these payments to the account designated 
by the Landlord from time to time and the Tenant will pay all service 
charges incurred as a result of this pre-authorized payment plan.

4.5         Dispute as to Costs.  If the Tenant disputes the amount of any 
monies to be paid by the Tenant to the Landlord under this Lease, other 
than Basic Rent, the certificate of an independent Chartered Accountant 
appointed by, or acceptable to, the Landlord to determine the amount will 
be conclusive and binding on the Landlord and Tenant.  The costs of 
obtaining that certificate will be immediately due and payable by the 
Tenant if the amount of money payable by the Tenant for the period, as 
established in the certificate, is not less than 95% of the amount claimed 
by the Landlord.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

4.6         Security Deposit.  The Tenant will pay to the Landlord upon the 
execution of this Lease, a Security Deposit in the amount of $12,918.86, 
which will be held without interest, as security for the performance by the 
Tenant of all the Tenant's agreements in this Lease.  If at any time during 
the Term the Tenant is in default of this Lease, then the Landlord may, at 
its option, apply all or any portion of the Security Deposit as may in the 
Landlord's reasonable opinion be necessary to compensate it for the breach, 
including the Landlord's legal fees and disbursements on a solicitor and 
own client basis.  If the Tenant is not in default under this Lease at the 
expiry or earlier termination of the Term, then the Security Deposit will 
be paid to the Tenant at that time.  If the Landlord does apply all or any 
portion of the Security Deposit as compensation for breach of this Lease, 
then the Tenant will upon written demand immediately remit to the Landlord 
a sufficient amount to restore the Security Deposit to the original sum 
deposited, plus any G.S.T. owing in connection with it.  The Landlord may, 
at any time, return the Security Deposit to the Tenant rather than apply it 
to rectify a breach of this Lease by the Tenant.

PART 5.
USE OF PREMISES

5.1         Permitted Business.  The Tenant will use the Premises solely 
for the purpose of conducting the business of power station engineering, 
design, and construction of prototypes and the Tenant will not use the 
Premises or permit them to be used for any other purpose without the 
Landlord's prior written consent.

5.2         Conduct of Business.  The Tenant will conduct its business in, 
and use the whole of the Premises, continuously throughout the Term in an 
up-to-date, first class and reputable manner, and, at the request of the 
Landlord, the Tenant will immediately discontinue any business practice by 
the Tenant whether through advertising, selling procedures or otherwise 
which, in the opinion of the Landlord, may harm the business or reputation 
of the Landlord or reflect unfavourably on the Premises, or which may 
confuse, mislead or deceive the public.

5.3         Name of Business.  The Tenant will conduct the Permitted 
Business on or from the Premises only under the name of ecoPHASER Energy 
Corp. and will not change the advertised name of the Permitted Business 
without the prior written consent of the Landlord.  The Tenant covenants 
that it has the exclusive right to use the name set out above.

5.4         Operations by Tenant.

 
 (a)
Without limiting the generality of its other obligations under this Lease, 
the Tenant will operate the Premises in a good, efficient and business-like 
manner and will keep the Premises neat and clean.

 
(b)
In regard to the use and occupancy of the Premises, the Tenant will at its 
expense:

 
(i)
keep the inside and outside of all glass in the doors and windows of the 
Premises and all exterior surfaces of the Premises clean,

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(ii)
replace promptly any cracked or broken glass of the Premises with glass of 
like grade and quality,

 
(iii)
maintain the Premises in a clean, orderly and sanitary condition and free 
of insects, rodents, vermin and other pests,

 
(iv)
keep any garbage, trash, rubbish or other refuse in suitable containers 
within the interior of the Premises until removed and remove garbage, 
trash, rubbish or other refuse on a daily basis,

 
(v)
repaint, redecorate and renew the Premises and Leasehold Improvements at 
reasonable intervals designated by the Landlord,

 
(vi)
keep all mechanical apparatus free of vibration and noise which may be 
transmitted beyond the Premises,

 
(vii)
comply with all laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of governmental 
authorities concerning or related to the Premises, including without 
limitation, those dealing with the construction, repair, maintenance, 
operation, environmental safety, use and occupancy of the Premises,

 
(viii)
light the display windows of the Premises and exterior signs and turn the 
same off to the extent required by the Landlord,

 
(ix)
comply with all rules and regulations and policies established by the 
Landlord from time to time which apply to the Premises,

 
(x)
comply with all reasonable requests and demands of the Landlord relating to 
energy conservation in the Premises,

 
(xi)
refrain from use of any objectionable advertising medium such as, without 
limitation, loudspeakers, public address systems, sound amplifiers, or 
broadcasts which are in any manner audible or visible outside of the 
Premises, and
 
 
(xii)
comply with all regional air care laws for normal acceptable emissions.

PART 6.
ZONING

6.1         Zoning.  The Tenant acknowledges that it has conducted its own 
investigation of the zoning of the Premises and has satisfied itself that 
its operations do not and will not contravene such zoning and the Tenant 
further acknowledges that it has not relied upon any representation of the 
Landlord in respect of the zoning of the Premises.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

PART 7.
REPAIR

7.1         Landlord's Repair.  The Landlord will, subject to the Tenant's 
compliance with this Lease, receipt by the Landlord of insurance proceeds 
under its various policies of insurance in respect of the Premises and the 
provisions of paragraph 7.4, at all times during the Term, keep the 
foundations, roof, exterior walls (excluding glass), structural sub-floors, 
bearing walls, columns, beams and other structural elements of the Premises 
in a reasonable state of repair, as a prudent owner of reasonably similar 
premises would do having regard to the size, age and location of the 
Premises.  The Landlord also reserves the right to undertake the items of 
Tenant's maintenance and repair described in paragraph 7.2(a), in which 
case the Tenant will pay the cost of such maintenance and repair as 
Additional Rent, immediately upon invoice by the Landlord.

7.2         Tenant's Repair.  The Tenant will at its cost, subject to 
paragraphs 7.1 and 7.4:

 
(a)
maintain, operate and repair the Premises to the standards of first class 
premises and keep all portions of the Premises in good and substantial 
repair, including all Leasehold Improvements and all furniture, equipment 
and other facilities such as, without limitation, wiring, piping, lighting 
and plumbing fixtures, operating equipment and the plumbing, sprinkler, 
heating ventilating, air conditioning and humidity control systems located 
on, in, under, above or which directly serve the Premises, the front of the 
Premises and all glass and utilities in the Premises, but with the 
exception of other structural elements of the Premises, which the Landlord 
is required to repair;

 
(b)
permit the Landlord upon reasonable notice or at any time during an 
emergency or apparent emergency, to enter and examine the state of 
operation, maintenance and repair, and the Landlord may give notice to the 
Tenant requiring that the Tenant perform such maintenance or repair as the 
Landlord may find necessary from such examination and the Tenant will 
immediately effect and pay the cost of such maintenance and repair; and

 
(c)
if any part of the Premises becomes damaged or destroyed through the wilful 
act, negligence, or omission of the Tenant or any of its officers, 
employees, customers or other invitees, the Landlord reserves the right to 
conduct all repairs or replacements and to require the Tenant to reimburse 
the Landlord for the cost of repairs or replacement promptly upon demand.

7.3         Abatement of Rent.  If there is damage to the Premises, which 
prevents use of or access to the Premises or the supply of services 
essential to the Premises and if the damage is such that the Premises or a 
part of the Premises is rendered not reasonably capable of use by the 
Tenant for the conduct of its business for a period of time exceeding 10 
consecutive days,

 
(a)
unless the damage was caused by the negligence of the Tenant or an 
assignee, subtenant, concessionaire, licensee or an officer, employee, 
customer or other invitee of any of them, the Basic Rent for the period 
beginning on the occurrence of the damage until at least a substantial part 
of the Premises is again reasonably capable of use and occupancy for the 
purpose aforesaid will abate in the proportion that the area of the part of 
the Premises rendered not reasonably capable of use by the Tenant for the 
conduct of its business bears to the Rentable Area of the Premises, but not 
exceeding the amount of rental income insurance proceeds received by the 
Landlord for the period; and

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(b)
unless this Lease is terminated under paragraph 7.4, the Landlord or the 
Tenant or both, as the case may be (according to the nature of the damage 
and their respective obligations to repair), will repair the damage with 
all reasonable diligence, but any abatement of Basic Rent to which the 
Tenant is entitled under this paragraph will not extend beyond the date by 
which, in the reasonable opinion of the Landlord, the Tenant should have 
completed its repairs with reasonable diligence.

7.4         Termination in Event of Damage.

 
(a)
The Landlord, by written notice to the Tenant given within 60 days of the 
occurrence of damage to the Premises, may terminate this Lease:

 
(i)
if the Premises are damaged by any cause and in the reasonable opinion of 
the Landlord either cannot be repaired or rebuilt with reasonable diligence 
within 180 days after the occurrence of the damage or the cost of repairing 
or rebuilding it would exceed by more than $100,000 the proceeds of the 
Landlord's insurance available for that purpose, or

 
(ii)
if the Premises are damaged by any cause and the damage is such that the 
Premises or a substantial part of the Premises are rendered not reasonably 
capable of use by the Tenant for the conduct of its business and in the 
reasonable opinion of the Landlord cannot be repaired or rebuilt with 
reasonable diligence by 6 months before the end of the Term.

 
(b)
The Tenant, by written notice to the Landlord given within 60 days of the 
occurrence of the damage, may terminate this Lease if the Premises is 
damaged by any cause and the damage is such that the Premises or a 
substantial part of the Premises is rendered not reasonably capable of use 
by the Tenant for the conduct of its business and in the reasonable opinion 
of the Landlord cannot be repaired or rebuilt with reasonable diligence by 
6 months before the end of the Term.

 
(c)
If this Lease is terminated under either (a) or (b) above, the Tenant will 
not be bound to repair as provided in paragraph 7.2, and the Tenant will 
deliver up possession of the Premises to the Landlord with reasonable speed 
but in any event within 15 days after the giving of the notice of 
termination, and all Rent will be apportioned and paid to the date on which 
possession is delivered up, subject to any abatement to which the Tenant 
may be entitled under paragraph 7.3, but otherwise the Tenant will repair 
the damage with all reasonable diligence and, without limiting the 
foregoing, the Tenant will restore or reconstruct all Tenant's Work.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

7.5         Certificate of Architect.  If the Premises are damaged and 
there is a dispute as to the length of time required to repair or rebuild 
the Premises or restore any part of the Premises, or as to the cost of 
repairing or rebuild the Premises, or as to whether the Premises or a 
substantial part of the Premises are rendered not reasonably capable of use 
by the Tenant for the conduct of its business or have once again become 
capable of such use, the dispute will be settled, at the cost of the 
Tenant, by the Architect and his certificate will be conclusive.

7.6         Diligence and Quality.  All repairs to be done by or the Tenant 
will be commenced as soon as reasonably practicable and completed 
diligently and in a good and workmanlike manner.

7.7         Landlord's Approval.

 
(a)
Before commencing any repairs, replacements, maintenance, alteration, 
decoration or improvements set out above, or elsewhere referred to in this 
Lease, which are reasonably estimated by the Tenant to cost in excess of 
$5,000 the Tenant will obtain the Landlord's written approval and will, if 
reasonably required by the Landlord to do so, submit plans and 
specifications therefor or, if requested by the Landlord, permit the 
Landlord to effect the repair, replacement, maintenance, alteration, 
decoration or improvement, at the Tenant's cost.

 
(b)
The Tenant will not in any event make any alterations to the structure of 
any portion of the Premises or to exterior walls the Premises without the 
prior written consent of the Landlord.

 
(c)
The Tenant will supply the Landlord with copies of all plans prepared for 
the Tenant for any work done to the Premises.

 
(d)
To the extent the repairs to be made by the Tenant are covered by the 
Tenant's insurance placed under paragraph 10.2, the release of those funds 
will be governed by the provisions of paragraph 10.4.

7.8         Landlord's Right to do Tenant's Repair.  If the Tenant refuses 
or neglects to repair, maintain, restore or replace properly as required 
under this Part and to the reasonable satisfaction of the Landlord, the 
Landlord may make such repairs, restoration or replacements without 
liability to the Tenant (including for the Landlord's negligence and the 
negligence of other parties for whom the Landlord is responsible in law) 
for any loss or damage that may accrue to the Tenant's merchandise, 
Leasehold Improvements, or other property or to the Tenant's business by 
reason thereof, and upon completion thereof, the Tenant will pay the 
Landlord's actual reasonable costs in the circumstances plus 15% of such 
costs, for making such repairs, restoration or replacements immediately 
upon presentation of an invoice for such costs.

PART 8.
UTILITIES AND SERVICES - PREMISES

8.1         Limitation of Liability.  The Landlord will not be liable to 
the Tenant in damages or otherwise for an interruption or failure in the 
supply of utilities or services to the Premises but the Landlord will, at 
the Tenant's cost, cooperate with the Tenant to secure the re-supply of an 
interrupted or failed utility or service.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

8.2         Tenant not to Overload Utility and Service Facilities.  The 
Tenant will not install equipment that will exceed or overload the capacity 
of utility or service facilities and if, in the opinion of the Landlord, 
equipment installed by the Tenant requires additional facilities, they will 
be installed at the Tenant's expense in accordance with plans and 
specifications approved by the Landlord prior to installation.  The 
Landlord reserves the right to install such additional equipment at the 
Tenant's expense, which will not exceed 15% of the cost of the additional 
equipment.

PART 9.
SUBORDINATION, ATTORNMENT AND STATUS STATEMENT BY TENANT

9.1         Subordination and Attornment.

 
(a)
This Lease is subordinate to every Mortgage and the Tenant will subordinate 
this Lease to every Mortgage that comes into being after the date of this 
Lease and execute promptly and in registrable form a document in 
confirmation of the subordination if requested by the Landlord, in which 
the Tenant also will agree with the Mortgagee that if the Mortgagee becomes 
a mortgagee in possession or takes action to realize the security of the 
Mortgage the Tenant will attorn to the Mortgagee as a tenant upon all the 
terms of this Lease, but only if the Mortgagee agrees in writing to accept 
the attornment and permit the Tenant, if not in default, to continue in 
occupation of the Premises until this Lease is terminated by the passage of 
time or by action taken because of a default of the Tenant.

 
(b)
The Tenant appoints the Landlord its agent or attorney (at the Landlord's 
option) to execute the documents referred to in (a) above as agent or 
attorney of the Tenant and if, following 10 days' notice to do so, the 
Tenant fails to execute any of them, the Landlord may terminate this Lease.

9.2         Status Statement.  At any time and from time to time within 10 
days after a written request by the Landlord, the Tenant will execute, 
acknowledge and deliver to the Landlord or an assignee, Mortgagee, proposed 
purchaser or other person as the Landlord designates, a certificate in a 
form and content reasonably requested by the Landlord to include, without 
limitation, statements that:

 
(a)
this Lease is unmodified and in force in accordance with its terms (or if 
there have been modifications, that this Lease is in force as modified, and 
identifying the modifications, or if this Lease is not in force, that it is 
not) and that the Tenant is in possession of the Premises;

 
(b)
the commencement date and expiry date of this Lease;

 
(c)
the date to which Rent has been paid with particulars of any prepayment of 
Rent;

 
(d)
whether or not there is an existing default by the Tenant in the payment of 
Rent or any other sum of money under this Lease, and whether or not there 
is any other existing default by any party under this Lease concerning 
which a notice of default has been given, and if there is any, specifying 
its nature and extent; and

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(e)
whether or not there are any set-offs, defences or counterclaims against 
the enforcement of the obligations of the Tenant under this Lease.

PART 10.
INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

10.1       Landlord's Insurance.  The Landlord will take out and keep in 
force:

 
(a)
all risks, property insurance on the Premises and comprehensive boiler and 
machinery insurance on the equipment contained in the Premises and owned by 
the Landlord (excluding any property required to be insured by the Tenant), 
which insurance will be endorsed to cover the gross rental value of the 
Premises, all in such reasonable amounts and with reasonable deductibles as 
determined by the Landlord, having regard to the size, age and location of 
the Premises;

 
(b)
commercial general liability insurance concerning the Landlord's ownership 
and use of the Premises in such amounts and with such deductibles as the 
Landlord determines, having regard to the size, age and location of the 
Premises; and

 
(c)
such other form or forms of insurance as the Landlord or the Mortgagee 
reasonably considers advisable.

The cost of insurance obtained under paragraph 10.1 will be included in 
Operating Costs.  In spite of any contribution by the Tenant to the cost of 
the Landlord's insurance and the Landlord's covenants under paragraph 10.1, 
the Tenant is not relieved of any liability arising from or contributed to 
by its acts, fault, negligence or omissions and no insurable interest is 
conferred on the Tenant under any policies of insurance carried by the 
Landlord nor does the Tenant have a right to receive any proceeds 
thereunder.

10.2       Tenant's Insurance.  The Tenant, at its expense, will maintain, 
throughout the Term and any period when it is in possession of all or any 
portion of the Premises, the insurance ("Insurance") described in this 
paragraph 10.2.  The Tenant will cause each insurance policy to be (i) 
primary, non-contributing with, and not excess of, any other insurance 
available to the Landlord or the Mortgagee, (ii) contain a prohibition 
against cancellation or material change that reduces or restricts the 
Insurance (except on 30 days' prior written notice to the Landlord), (iii) 
in those instances in which the Landlord and the Mortgagee are insureds, 
contain a waiver in respect of the interests of the Landlord and the 
Mortgagee of any provision in any such insurance policies concerning any 
breach or violation of any warranties, representations or conditions in 
such policies, and (iv) be in a form and with insurers satisfactory to the 
Landlord and the Mortgagee.  The Insurance is as follows:

 
(a)
all risks (including flood and earthquake) property insurance on the 
Tenant's insurable property including, without limitation, merchandise, 
furniture, fixtures and Leasehold Improvements, to the full replacement 
value thereof, on a stated amount coinsurance basis, with a deductible as 
may be approved by the Landlord;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(b)
broad comprehensive boiler and machinery insurance on all objects owned or 
operated by the Tenant or others on behalf of the Tenant in the Premises 
with deductibles not exceeding $1,000;

 
(c)
business interruption insurance providing coverage for 12 months loss of 
insurable gross earnings or profits including coverage not in excess of 2 
weeks while access to the Premises is prohibited by order of governmental 
authority as a direct result of damage to neighbouring premises by a peril 
insured against;

 
(d)
commercial general liability insurance concerning the Premises and the 
business conducted by the Tenant and any other persons in or from the 
Premises with inclusive limits of $3,000,000.00 per occurrence. This 
insurance will include, without limitation, owners' protective, products, 
completed operations, intentional acts to protect persons or property, 
personal injury, contingent employers' liability, and occurrence property 
damage.  It will name the Landlord and the Mortgagee as additional insureds 
and will contain cross liability and severability of interests provisions;

 
(e)
Tenant's legal liability insurance for the actual cash value of the 
Premises, including loss of use;

 
(f)
non-owned automobile insurance, including contractual liability (S.E.F. No. 
96) and, on an owner's form, covering all licensed vehicles operated by or 
on behalf of the Tenant, each with inclusive limits of not less than 
$1,000,000; and

 
(g)
any other form of insurance and with whatever higher limits that the 
Landlord or the Mortgagee reasonably requires from time to time.

10.3       Waiver of Subrogation, Cross-Liability, Co-Insurance.  Any 
policy of insurance under paragraph 10.2(a), (b) and (c) will:

 
(a)
name the Landlord as a loss payee and contain a waiver of subrogation 
against the Landlord and its employees and agents or the Mortgagee, whether 
the loss or damage is caused by the fault, default, act, omission or 
negligence of the Landlord or those for whom the Landlord is in law 
responsible;

 
(b)
except concerning the Tenant's stock-in-trade, and furniture, incorporate 
the standard mortgage clause of the Mortgagee;

 
(c)
cover all property owned by the Tenant or for which the Tenant is legally 
liable, located within the Premises, including, without limitation, the 
Tenant's Work and the Leasehold Improvements, in an amount not less than 
the full replacement cost thereof, including by-laws extension, which will 
be reviewed at least annually by the Tenant and will be subject to the 
approval of the Landlord.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

10.4       Proceeds of Tenant's Insurance.  The proceeds of Insurance under 
paragraph 10.2 will be and are assigned and made payable to the Landlord. 
To the extent that they pertain to damage or destruction to the property of 
the Landlord, they will be released to the Tenant (if the Tenant is not in 
default of this Lease) upon the Tenant's written request, in progress 
payments, at stages determined by the Architect, upon receipt by the 
Landlord of a certificate from the Architect stating that repairs to each 
stage of the Premises have been satisfactorily completed, free of liens, by 
the Tenant, but if the Tenant defaults in making such repairs and if the 
Landlord, at the Landlord's option, performs such repairs, the proceeds 
may, without limiting the Landlord's rights under this Lease be applied by 
the Landlord to the costs thereof, plus a further 15% of such costs, 
representing the Landlord's overhead.  If this Lease is terminated in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7.4, the Tenant will be 
entitled solely to those proceeds of insurance which represent the value of 
its stock-in-trade or other items it is entitled to remove at the 
expiration of the Term, and not to the extent of the value of Leasehold 
Improvements.

10.5       No Alienation of Proceeds.  Except as provided in this Lease, 
the Tenant will not assign or otherwise alienate any proceeds of insurance.

10.6       Landlord's Right to Insure for Tenant.  If the Tenant fails to 
take out or keep in force any such Insurance, the Landlord will on not less 
than 48 hours' written notice to the Tenant have the right, but not the 
obligation, to do so and to pay the premium therefor and in such event the 
Tenant will repay to the Landlord the amount so paid by the Landlord as 
Additional Rent, payable on the first day of the next month following the 
payment by the Landlord, but if the Tenant cures that failure the Landlord 
will secure cancellation of the insurance taken out by the Landlord at the 
Tenant's cost.

10.7       Limitation of Liability.  The Landlord will not be liable to the 
Tenant in respect of any loss, injury or damage to the Tenant or any other 
person for any loss, injury or damage arising from or out of any occurrence 
in, upon, at or relating to the Premises or any part thereof or any loss or 
damage to property (including loss of use thereof) of the Tenant or any 
other person located in the Premises, howsoever caused and whether or not 
any injury, loss, or damage results from any fault, default, negligence, 
act or omission of the Landlord, or its agents, servants, employees or any 
other person for whom the Landlord is in law responsible.  Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, the Landlord is not liable for death, 
injury, loss or damage of or to persons or property resulting from fire, 
explosion, falling plaster, steam, gas, electricity, water, rain or snow or 
leaks from any part of the Premises or from the pipes, appliances or 
plumbing works or from the roof, street or sub-surface or from any other 
place or by dampness or by any other cause of any kind.  The intent of this 
paragraph is that the Tenant and any persons having business with the 
Tenant is to look solely to the Tenant's insurers to satisfy any claims 
which may arise on account of injury, loss or damage to the Tenant or any 
other person or to the property of the Tenant or of any other person, 
irrespective of the cause.

10.8       Indemnification of Landlord.  The Tenant will indemnify the 
Landlord and save it harmless from and against all claims, actions, 
damages, liabilities, costs and expenses in connection with loss of life, 
personal injury or damage to property arising from any occurrence on the 
Premises, or the occupancy or use of the Premises, or occasioned wholly or 
in part by an act or omission of the Tenant, its officers, employees, 
agents, customers, contractors or other invitees, licensees or 
concessionaires or by anyone permitted by the Tenant to be on the Premises.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

10.9       Tenant's Contractor's Insurance.  The Tenant will require any 
contractor performing work on the Premises to carry and maintain, at no 
expense to the Landlord, comprehensive general liability insurance and 
other insurance in amounts and on terms reasonably determined by the 
Landlord and provide the Landlord with satisfactory proof of that insurance 
from time to time.
 
10.10     Acts Conflict With or Increase Insurance.

 
(a)
The Tenant will not do, or omit to do, anything, or keep, use, sell or 
offer for sale on or from the Premises anything that may contravene any of 
the Landlord's policies of insurance relating to any part of the Premises, 
or which will prevent the Landlord from procuring policies of insurance 
with companies acceptable to the Landlord.  The Tenant will pay all 
increases in premiums for any insurance carried by the Landlord insuring 
any part of the Premises, resulting from the type of merchandise sold on or 
from the Premises, or anything done or omitted to be done on the Premises, 
whether or not the Landlord has consented to them.  In determining whether 
increased premiums result from any of those causes, a schedule issued by 
the organization making the insurance rate on the Premises showing the 
various components of the rate will be conclusive evidence of the several 
items and charges which make up the insurance rates relating to the 
Premises.

 
(b)
If the use or occupancy of the Premises causes an increase of premium for 
any of the policies insuring the Premises above the rate applicable for the 
least hazardous type of use or occupancy legally permitted in the Premises, 
the Tenant will pay the amount of the increase.  Bills for the increases 
and additional payments may be rendered by the Landlord to the Tenant when 
the Landlord elects, and will be payable by the Tenant when rendered.

 
(c)
The Tenant will not do or permit to be done, or omit to do or permit 
another person to omit to be done, any act which may render void or 
voidable, or which may conflict with, the requirements of any policy or 
policies of insurance relative to the Premises, including any regulations 
of fire insurance underwriters applicable to such policy or policies.

10.11    Cancellation of Insurance.  If any insurance policy on the 
Premises or any part of it is cancelled, or threatened by the insurer to be 
cancelled, or the coverage is reduced or threatened to be reduced by the 
insurer, because of the use or occupation of the Premises, and if the 
Tenant fails to remedy the condition giving rise to cancellation, 
threatened cancellation, reduction or threatened reduction of coverage 
within 48 hours after notice from the Landlord, the Landlord may either:

 
(a)
re-enter the Premises and Part 15 will apply;

 
(b)
enter the Premises and remedy that condition, and the Tenant will pay to 
the Landlord the cost of doing so on demand as Additional Rent, and the 
Landlord will not be liable for damage or injury caused to property of the 
Tenant or others located on the Premises as a result of the entry or 
remedy; or

 
(c)
terminate this Lease.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

10.12     Tenant's Property at its Risk.  All property of the Tenant kept 
or stored in the Premises is at the risk of the Tenant.

10.13     Survival.  The provisions of paragraph 10.8 will survive the 
expiration or sooner termination of the Term.

PART 11.
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

11.1       Landlord's Consent.  The Tenant will not assign, mortgage, 
charge or encumber this Lease, in whole or in part, nor sublease all or any 
part of the Premises or permit them to be used or occupied by any other 
person (collectively "Transfer"), without the prior written consent of the 
Landlord, which consent may be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  If at any 
time it becomes unlawful for the Landlord to unreasonably withhold or delay 
consent to a Transfer, then the provisions of paragraph 11.2 will apply.  
Any Transfer made in violation of this Part 11 will be void.

11.2       Standards for Consent.  Without limiting the other instances in 
which it may be reasonable for the Landlord to withhold its consent to a 
Transfer, and without derogating from the Landlord's right to terminate 
this Lease, as provided in paragraph 11.6, it will be fair and reasonable 
for the Landlord to withhold its consent or impose conditions to its 
consent in any of the following instances:

 
(a)
if the Landlord determines that the financial condition of the proposed 
assignee, subtenant or occupant (collectively "Transferee") or any 
indemnifier of a Transferee is or may become insufficient to support all of 
the financial and other obligations of the Tenant under this Lease;

 
(b)
if the use to which the Premises will be put by the proposed Transferee is 
inconsistent with the terms of this Lease or will materially or adversely 
affect any legitimate interest of the Landlord;

 
(c)
if the business reputation or character of the proposed Transferee or any 
of its affiliates is not reasonably acceptable to the Landlord;

 
(d)
if, at the time of the proposed Transfer,

 
(i)
the Tenant is in default (or would be in default with the giving of notice 
by the Landlord and the expiration of any applicable cure period) under 
this Lease, and

 
(ii)
the Landlord has not received assurances acceptable to the Landlord, in its 
sole discretion, that any past due amounts owing from the Tenant to the 
Landlord will be paid and any other defaults on the part of the Tenant will 
be cured prior to the effectiveness of the proposed Transfer;

 
(e)
if the Transfer will result in a division of the Premises;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(f)
if the Transfer is not approved by any Mortgagee having the right to 
approve such Transfer; or

 
(g)
if the Tenant has not received a bona fide, written offer to take an 
assignment or a sublease or has not supplied a copy of such offer to the 
Landlord at the time of requesting consent to a Transfer.

11.3       Terms and Conditions of Transfer.  The following terms and 
conditions apply in respect of any Transfer:

 
(a)
the Landlord's consent to a Transfer, if granted, will not constitute a 
waiver of the requirement for the Tenant to obtain the Landlord's prior 
written consent to any subsequent Transfer;

 
(b)
the Landlord may impose additional conditions on any Transfer which the 
Landlord considers advisable, which may include further restrictions on the 
use of the Premises or any part, the inclusion in this Lease of any 
provisions of the Landlord's then standard form lease, the rescission of 
any special rights granted to the Tenant under this Lease such as, without 
limitation, options to renew or extend the Term, rights of first refusal to 
lease and restrictive covenants;

 
(c)
if the Landlord consents to a proposed Transfer, the Landlord will have the 
right to approve the form of the Transfer;

 
(d)
in spite of any Transfer, the Tenant will remain fully liable for and will 
not be released from the performance of each and every one of the 
obligations of the Tenant under this Lease for the balance of the Term and 
any renewal term, whether exercised by the Tenant or the Transferee. 
Without limitation, the foregoing applies whether or not the Transferee is 
in default of this Lease and whether or not this Lease is assigned by a 
trustee in bankruptcy of the Transferee. The Tenant is not relieved of 
liability for any breach of this Lease, whether occurring before or after 
the Transfer; and

 
(e)
any Transfer will provide that the Transferee has the rights and is subject 
to the obligations, of the Tenant under this Lease, except as it may be 
amended by the terms of the consent.

11.4       Documentation for Transfer.  The Tenant will promptly execute 
and the Tenant will cause the Transferee to promptly execute such 
agreements and documents as are necessary, in the opinion of the Landlord, 
to complete the Transfer.  No assignment will be made other than to a 
Transferee which undertakes to perform and observe the obligations of the 
Tenant under this Lease by entering into an assumption agreement directly 
with the Landlord.  The Tenant will pay to the Landlord its reasonable 
expenses arising out of the request for consent to a Transfer and for the 
change in possession of the Premises, including, but not limited to, legal 
and other professional fees and costs incurred in connection with the 
negotiation, review, processing and completion of the Transfer.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

11.5       Excess Consideration on Transfer.  If the Tenant completes a 
Transfer which requires the Transferee to pay rent or other consideration, 
in any other form, to the Tenant in excess of the Rent payable by the 
Tenant under this Lease, the Tenant will, upon any such excess payments 
being received, pay to the Landlord 50% of those excess payments. In 
calculating the amount of excess payments by the Transferee to the Tenant, 
an appropriate adjustment will be made to account for any financial 
inducements and expenses paid by the Tenant to or for the benefit of the 
Transferee, at any time, with the intent that the Tenant's true costs of 
installing the Transferee are deducted before assessing the Landlord's 50% 
entitlement to any excess payments.  The Tenant will immediately upon 
demand make available its books and records so as to enable the Landlord to 
verify the receipt or the amount of such consideration.

11.6       Assignment by Operation of Law.  The prohibition against 
Transfer without the consent required by this Part 11 will be construed to 
include a prohibition against any Transfer by operation of law.

11.7       Acceptance of Rent.  If this Lease, or any part of it, is 
assigned, or if all or part of the Premises is sublet or occupied by any 
party other than the Tenant, in any case without the consent of the 
Landlord, the Landlord may collect Rent from the assignee, subtenant or 
occupant, and apply the net amount collected to the Rent reserved in this 
Lease, but the assignment, sublease, occupancy or collection will not be 
considered a waiver of this covenant, or the acceptance of the assignee, 
subtenant or occupant as Tenant.

11.8       No Advertising.  The Tenant will not advertise the whole or any 
part of the Premises for lease nor permit any agent or broker to do so, 
unless the prior written approval of the Landlord has been received.

11.9       Corporate Ownership.

 
(a)
If after the date of execution of this Lease shares either of the Tenant or 
of an Affiliate of the Tenant which Controls the Tenant are transferred or 
disposed of by operation of law or otherwise, or issued or redeemed, so as 
to result in a change in the Control of the Tenant from the person or 
persons holding Control on the date of execution of this Lease or if other 
steps are taken to accomplish a change of Control, the Tenant will promptly 
notify the Landlord in writing of the change, which will be considered to 
be an assignment of this Lease to which this Part 11 applies; and whether 
or not the Tenant notifies the Landlord, the Landlord may terminate this 
Lease within 60 days after the Landlord becomes aware of the change unless 
the Landlord previously had consented to the change.  Any subsequent of 
change of Control will similarly be subject to the prior written consent of 
the Landlord.  The Tenant will make available to the Landlord or its lawful 
representative all corporate books and records of the Tenant and of any 
Affiliate of the Tenant for inspection at all reasonable times, to 
ascertain to the extent possible whether there has been a change in 
Control.

(b) 
Paragraph 11.9(a) will not apply to the Tenant if:

 
(i)
the Tenant is a public corporation whose shares are listed for sale on a 
recognized stock exchange in Canada, or

 
(ii)
the Tenant is a private corporation which is Controlled by a public 
corporation as defined in paragraph (i),

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
so long as in each of the foregoing provisions there continues to be a 
continuity of management policies and practices of the Tenant, in spite of 
any such change in Control.
 
11.10     Time to Complete Transfer.  If the Landlord consents to a 
Transfer, the Tenant will have a period of 60 days thereafter to complete 
the Transfer, and failing which, the Landlord's consent, at the Landlord's 
option, will be null and void.

11.11     Remedy of the Tenant.  The Landlord will have no liability in 
connection with any claims of any kind by the Tenant or others as a result 
of the Landlord's withholding or delay of consent to any Transfer and the 
Tenant's (or any other person's) only remedy in respect of the Landlord's 
withholding or delay of consent will be to bring an application for a 
declaration that such transaction should be allowed.

11.12     Assignment by Landlord.  If the Landlord sells or otherwise 
transfers an interest in the Premises or in this Lease, in whole or in 
part, to the extent that the purchaser or other party is responsible for 
compliance with the obligations of the Landlord under this Lease, the 
Landlord without further written agreement will be released from all of its 
obligations in this Lease.

PART 12.
WASTE AND GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS

12.1       Waste or Nuisance.  The Tenant covenants to conduct their 
activities in a lawful manner.

12.2       Governmental and Insurance Underwriters' Regulations.

 
(a)
The Tenant, at the Tenant's cost, will comply with the applicable 
requirements of all municipal, provincial, federal and other governmental 
authorities now in force or which may hereafter be in force, including 
without limitation, all laws and regulations pertaining to the use, 
possession, control, removal, disposal and abatement of Hazardous 
Substances and all other laws and regulations pertaining to the Tenant's 
occupancy or use of the Premises and will observe in any occupancy and use 
of the Premises all municipal by-laws and provincial and federal statutes 
and regulations now in force or which may hereafter be in force, and will 
comply with all regulations made by fire insurance underwriters.  The 
provisions of this paragraph 12.2(a) will survive the expiration or earlier 
termination of this Lease.

 
(b)
The Landlord may enter the Premises at any time or times, with as little 
interference to the conduct of the Tenant's business as is reasonably 
possible, to enable the Landlord to comply with any municipal by-law or 
provincial statute now or in the future applicable to the Premises whether 
or not the application of the by-law or statute to the Premises results 
from an act or omission of the Landlord or any other person.

 
(c)
If the Tenant has knowledge, or has reasonable cause to believe that any 
Hazardous Substance has come to be located on, under or about the Premises, 
the Tenant will, upon discovery of the presence or suspected presence of 
any Hazardous Substance, give written notice of that condition to the 
Landlord.  Failure to provide written notice will be a default, permitting 
the Landlord to terminate this Lease immediately.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(d)
If the Landlord, in its sole discretion, believes that the Premises or the 
environment have become contaminated with any Hazardous Substance, the 
Landlord, in addition to its other rights under this Lease, may enter upon 
the Premises and obtain samples from the Premises and under the Premises, 
for the purpose of analyzing the same to determine whether and to what 
extent the Premises or the environment have become so contaminated.  To the 
extent that contamination is found and that such contamination was caused 
by the Tenant, the Tenant will reimburse the Landlord for the costs of such 
inspection, sampling and analysis.

 
(e)
Without limiting the above, the Tenant will indemnify and save harmless the 
Landlord from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, 
costs and expenses, including without limitation, legal fees and costs on a 
solicitor and own client basis, arising out of or in any way connected with 
the use, manufacture, storage, or disposal of Hazardous Substances by the 
Tenant, its agents or contractors, on, under or about the Premises 
including, without limitation, the cost of any required or necessary 
repair, cleanup or detoxification and the preparation of any closure or 
other required plans in connection with this Lease.  The indemnity 
obligations of the Tenant under this paragraph will survive any termination 
of this Lease.

PART 13.
ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES

13.1       Acceptance of Premises.  The Tenant will notify the Landlord of 
any defects in the Premises that prevent or diminish their use, within 20 
days after the date when the Tenant is given occupancy by the Landlord, and 
failing the giving of notice the Tenant will be considered for all purposes 
to have accepted the Premises in their then existing condition and the 
Landlord will not have any further obligation to the Tenant for defects or 
faults other than:

 
(a)
latent defects in the Premises which cannot be discovered on a reasonable 
examination, and

 
(b)
faults in structural elements relating to the Premises not caused by the 
Tenant's act or negligence.

If a dispute occurs as to whether or not a defect or fault exists, the 
decision of the Architect will be final and binding upon both parties.

13.2       No Representation.  The Tenant acknowledges that there is no 
promise, representation, warranty, or undertaking by, or binding upon, the 
Landlord concerning the zoning of or title to the Premises or concerning 
the condition or layout of, or the alterations, remodelling, decoration or 
installation of improvements, equipment or fixtures in the Premises, except 
as expressly contained in this Lease and the taking of occupancy, subject 
always to the provisions of paragraph 13.1, is conclusive evidence as 
against the Tenant that any representations by the Landlord have been 
satisfied.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

PART 14.
LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS

14.1       Installation and Changes by Tenant.

 
(a)
All Leasehold Improvements including, without limitation, trade fixtures 
installed by, or on behalf of, the Tenant will be of first class quality.  
The Tenant will not make or cause to be made any Leasehold Improvement, 
change, decoration, addition or improvement or cut or drill into, nail or 
otherwise attach, secure or install any trade fixture, exterior sign, floor 
covering, interior or exterior lighting, or mechanical or electrical system 
or fixture, or plumbing fixture, shade or awning to any part of the 
Premises or to the exterior of the Premises or hang from or affix anything 
to the ceiling, without first obtaining the Landlord's written approval.  
The Tenant will not create or cause to be created any mortgage, security 
interest or other encumbrance in respect of the Leasehold Improvements 
(including trade fixtures), furniture or furnishings, or inventory of the 
Tenant except with the prior written consent of the Landlord.

 
(b)
The Tenant will present to the Landlord plans and specifications for the 
Tenant's Work and all other work from time to time at the time approval is 
sought and the work will be done by contractors or other workers or 
tradesmen approved by the Landlord and in good and workmanlike manner with 
first class materials.

 
(c)
The Tenant will not make or permit to be made any changes, alterations, 
substitutions, replacements or improvements affecting the structure of the 
Premises or the exterior appearance of the Premises or the operation of the 
mechanical systems including, without limitation, the heating, ventilation, 
air conditioning, humidity control, plumbing, electrical, or mechanical 
equipment in or connected with the Premises without obtaining the prior 
written consent of the Landlord.

 
(d)
The Tenant will pay, on demand, as Additional Rent, all the Landlord's 
costs and expenses in connection with any installations and changes by the 
Tenant, including, without limitation, the costs of supervising and 
inspecting the work and the cost of examining the Tenant's drawings and 
specifications, together with a sum of 15% of such costs, representing the 
Landlord's overhead.

14.2       Removal of Installations and Restoration by Tenant.

 
(a)
All Leasehold Improvements when installed become the property of the 
Landlord, without compensation to the Tenant, but the Landlord will have no 
responsibility for the repair, replacement, operation, maintenance or 
insurance of the Leasehold Improvements, which will remain the 
responsibility of the Tenant.

 
(b)
No Leasehold Improvements (including, without limitation, trade fixtures) 
or furniture or equipment will be removed from the Premises before the end 
of the Term without the prior consent in writing from the Landlord.  Upon 
termination of this Lease the Leasehold Improvements will remain the 
property of the Landlord unless required by the Landlord to be removed by 
the Tenant.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(c)
At the end of the Term the Tenant will, at its expense, remove the 
Leasehold Improvements to the extent requested by the Landlord and all 
furniture, furnishings and equipment and make good any damage caused to the 
Premises by such installation or removal and restore the Premises to a 
condition of good and substantial repair, as required in paragraph 7.2.  
Every installation, removal or restoration by the Tenant of furnishings, 
equipment, furniture and, if applicable, Leasehold Improvements, will be 
done at the sole expense of the Tenant.

 
(d)
If the Tenant does not remove any Leasehold Improvements, or its 
furnishings, furniture or equipment as required by the Landlord, the 
Landlord may, without liability on its part, and not as a bailee, without 
notice to the Tenant, enter the Premises and remove such items at the 
Tenant's expense, plus an administration charge of 15% of such amount, 
which will be paid by the Tenant to the Landlord as Additional Rent, on 
demand, and such items may, without notice to the Tenant or to any other 
person and without obligation to account for them, be sold, destroyed, 
disposed of or used by the Landlord as it determines.

 
(e)
If the Tenant removes, or commences, attempts or threatens to remove any of 
the equipment, furniture, furnishings, stock-in-trade, chattels or 
inventory belonging to the Tenant in the Premises, or any Leasehold 
Improvements, without the Landlord's consent, the Tenant hereby consents 
(without limiting any other rights of the Landlord) to the Landlord 
obtaining an injunction in a court of competent jurisdiction to restrain 
the Tenant from removing any of the items referred to from the Premises, 
and the Tenant will pay to the Landlord all fees (including without 
limitation, all professional fees and all legal fees on a solicitor and own 
client basis) and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Landlord 
concerning obtaining such an injunction.

 
(f)
The Tenant's obligations under this paragraph 14.2 will survive the 
expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.

14.3       Title on Abandonment.  Without limiting any other rights of the 
Landlord under this Part 14, should the Tenant abandon the Premises or 
should this Lease be terminated before the proper expiration of the Term of 
this Lease due to a default on the part of the Tenant then, as of the 
moment of default by the Tenant, all furnishings and furniture of the 
Tenant (whether or not attached in any manner to the Premises) will become 
and be considered to be the property of the Landlord without indemnity to 
the Tenant and as additional liquidated damages in respect of such default 
but without prejudice to any other right or remedy of the Landlord.

14.4       Not to Overload Floors.  The Tenant will not bring on the 
Premises anything that by reason of its weight, size or use, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Architect, might damage the Premises and will not 
overload the floors of the Premises.  If overloading occurs the Tenant will 
forthwith repair any damage or pay to the Landlord the cost of repairing 
the damage and will also pay for any consequential damages arising from the 
overloading.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

14.5       Tenant to Discharge All Liens.  The Tenant will promptly pay all 
its contractors, subcontractors and materialmen and do all things necessary 
to ensure that no lien is claimed against the Premises or any part thereof 
and should a claim of lien be filed, the Tenant will cause it to be 
discharged or vacated at the Tenant's expense within 7 days after it is 
brought to the attention of the Tenant or provide adequate security for it 
to the extent approved by the Landlord. The Landlord may, but it is not 
obligated to discharge the lien by paying the amount claimed to be due into 
court, or by any other means available to the Landlord, and the amount 
paid, plus all costs, including without limitation, professional and 
solicitors fees (on a solicitor and own client basis) incurred by or on 
behalf of the Landlord concerning the lien, plus any damages suffered by 
the Landlord as a result of the filing of the lien, will be forthwith paid, 
on demand, by the Tenant as Additional Rent.  The Tenant will allow and 
keep posted on the Premises any notice which the Landlord may wish to post 
under the provisions of the Builders' Lien Act or any legislation in 
amendment or substitution thereof.

14.6       Signs, Awnings and Canopies.

 
(a)
The Tenant will not place or permit to be placed or maintained on the roof 
or on any exterior or interior door, wall or window of the Premises or 
elsewhere on the Premises any sign, awning, canopy, decoration, lettering, 
advertising matter or other thing of any kind and will not place or 
maintain any decoration, lettering or advertising matter on the glass of 
any window or door of the Premises without first obtaining the Landlord's 
written consent.

 
(b)
The Landlord will have the right to prescribe the size, materials, colours, 
design features, pattern, appearance, location, illumination and any other 
specifications of any sign.

 
(c)
The Tenant will comply, at its expense, with all requirements of 
authorities having jurisdiction regarding permits, licences and other 
consents for any signs installed.

 
(d)
Following approval by the Landlord, any exterior sign erected by the Tenant 
will be illuminated in the manner and at the times required by the 
Landlord.  All costs, including, without limitation, electrical costs 
pertaining to the sign, will be paid, when due, as Additional Rent.

 
(e)
At the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, the Tenant will 
remove, at its expense, any sign installed by it, repairing any damage 
caused thereby.  Any part of the sign will, at the Landlord's option, be 
considered to be a Leasehold Improvement.

 
(f)
The Tenant will indemnify and save the Landlord harmless from any claims, 
loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the Tenant's signage.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

PART 15.
DEFAULT OF TENANT

15.1       Tenant's Default.  If the Tenant fails to pay any Rent when due, 
whether or not demanded by the Landlord, or if the Tenant fails to observe 
or perform any of its other obligations under this Lease, and the Tenant 
has not within 7 days after notice from the Landlord specifying the 
default, cured the default or if that should reasonably require a longer 
period if the Tenant has not commenced to cure and diligently pursues the 
curing of the default, or if the Tenant or an agent of the Tenant falsifies 
a report required to be furnished to the Landlord under this Lease, or if 
re-entry is permitted under other terms of this Lease, or the Landlord has 
reasonable cause to believe the Tenant intends to cease operating or to 
vacate the Premises, the Landlord in addition to any other right or remedy 
may:

 
(a)
re-enter and remove all persons and property from the Premises and the 
property may be removed and stored in a public warehouse or elsewhere at 
the cost of, and for the account of, the Tenant, all without service of 
notice or resort to legal process and without the Landlord being guilty of 
trespass or becoming liable for loss or damage occasioned by any of those 
actions;

 
(b)
terminate this Lease and all of the Tenant's rights under it; and

 
(c)
apply part or all of the Security Deposit to rectify, in whole or in part, 
any financial default of the Tenant.

15.2       Bankruptcy or Insolvency of Tenant.

(a)           If:

 
(i)
any of the goods and chattels of the Tenant on the Premises at any time 
during the Term are seized or taken in execution or attachment by a 
creditor of the Tenant or the Tenant receives a notice from one or more of 
its secured creditors that the creditor(s) intend to realize on security 
located at or upon the Premises,

 
(ii)
the Tenant makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or any 
arrangement or compromise, or a bulk sale from the Premises other than a 
bulk sale to an assignee or sublessee under an assignment or sublease which 
under Part 11 was consented to,

 
(iii)
a receiver-manager is appointed to control the conduct of the business of 
the Tenant on or from the Premises,

 
(iv)
the Tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent or takes the benefit of an Act now 
or hereafter in force for bankrupt or insolvent debtors or files any 
proposal or a notice of intention to file a proposal,

 
(v)
proceedings are instituted by the Tenant or any other person for an order 
for the winding-up of the Tenant, or other termination of the corporate 
existence of the Tenant,

 
(vi)
the Premises, without the written consent of the Landlord, become and 
remain vacant for a period of 10 days except as necessitated for the 
completion of repairs or are used by any persons other than those entitled 
to use them under the terms of this Lease,

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(vii)
the Tenant, without the written consent of the Landlord, abandons or 
attempts to abandon the Premises or sells or disposes of its goods or 
chattels or removes any of them from the Premises so that there would not, 
in the event of abandonment, sale or disposal, be sufficient goods on the 
Premises subject to distress to satisfy all Rent due or accruing due 
hereunder, or

 
(viii)
this Lease or any of the Tenant's assets on the Premises are taken under a 
writ of execution, charge, debenture or other security instrument,

       then the Landlord may re-enter and take possession of the Premises
       as though the Tenant or any other occupant of the Premises was
       holding over after the expiration of the Term and this Lease may, at
       its option be immediately terminated by notice left upon the
       Premises.

 
(b)
The Tenant will immediately notify the Landlord if it receives from any of 
its secured creditors a notice under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act, or 
any legislation in amendment or substitution therefor, advising the Tenant 
that the secured creditor intends to realize upon its security located on 
the Premises.

 
(c)
Unless the Landlord expressly consents thereto, which the Landlord is not 
obliged to do, the Tenant will not exercise any right to repudiate this 
Lease under the terms of a proposal filed under the Bankruptcy and 
Insolvency Act, or any legislation in amendment or substitution therefor.

15.3       Landlord may Perform Tenant's Obligations.  If the Tenant fails 
to perform an obligation of the Tenant under this Lease the Landlord may 
perform the obligation and for that purpose may enter on the Premises 
without notice and do anything in respect of the Premises that the Landlord 
considers necessary to cure the default.  The Tenant will pay as Additional 
Rent all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Landlord plus 
15% for overhead upon presentation of a bill, or the Landlord may set-off 
such costs and expenses against the Security Deposit, or both.  The 
Landlord will not be liable to the Tenant for loss or damage resulting from 
such action by the Landlord, including loss or damage resulting from the 
negligence of the Landlord or another person for whose negligence the 
Landlord is responsible in law.

15.4       Right to Relet.

 
(a)
If the Landlord re-enters, as provided in this Lease, it may at its option, 
without terminating the Tenant's rights under this Lease, make alterations 
and repairs considered by the Landlord necessary to facilitate a reletting, 
and relet the Premises or any part thereof as agent of the Tenant for such 
period of time and at such rent and upon such other terms and conditions as 
the Landlord in its discretion considers advisable.

 
(b)
Upon each reletting all rent and other monies received by the Landlord from 
the reletting will be applied, first to the payment of indebtedness other 
than Rent due hereunder from the Tenant to the Landlord, secondly to the 
payment of costs and expenses of the reletting including brokerage fees and 
legal fees and costs of the alterations and repairs, and third to the 
payment of Rent due and unpaid under this Lease.  The residue, if any, will 
be held by the Landlord and applied in payment of future rent as it becomes 
due and payable.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(c)
If the rent received from the reletting during a month is less than the 
Rent to be paid during that month by the Tenant, the Tenant will pay the 
deficiency to the Landlord.  The deficiency will be calculated and paid 
monthly.

15.5       Re-entry Without Termination.  No re-entry by the Landlord will 
be construed as an election on its part to terminate this Lease unless a 
written notice of that intention is given to the Tenant.  Despite a 
reletting without termination, the Landlord may elect at any time to 
terminate this Lease for a previous breach.

15.6       Damages.  If the Landlord terminates this Lease for any breach, 
then, in addition to other remedies, it may recover from the Tenant all 
damages it incurs by reason of the breach including, without limitation, 
the cost of recovering the Premises, professional and other legal fees (on 
a solicitor and own client basis), the unamortized portion of any 
allowance, concession or inducement paid by the Landlord under the terms of 
the tenancy (on the basis of an assumed rate of depreciation on a straight 
line basis to zero over the Term) and the worth at the time of termination 
of the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of rent and charges equivalent to 
Rent reserved in this Lease for the remainder of the Term over (ii) the 
then reasonable rental value of the Premises for the remainder of the Term, 
calculated on a present value basis, all of which amounts will be 
immediately due and payable by the Tenant to the Landlord.  In determining 
the Rent which would be payable by the Tenant after default, the Basic Rent 
component of the annual Rent for each year of the unexpired Term will be 
considered to be the average Basic Rent paid or payable by the Tenant from 
the beginning of the Term to the time of default, or during the preceding 3 
full calendar years, whichever period is shorter.

15.7       Acceleration of Rent.  If any of the events referred to in 
paragraph 15.1 or paragraph 15.2 occur then, in addition to all other 
rights available to the Landlord, including the rights referred to in this 
paragraph 15.7, the full amount of the current month's Basic Rent and 
Taxes, and all other payments required to be made monthly by the Tenant, 
and the next ensuing 3 months' Basic Rent and Additional Rent will 
immediately become due and payable as accelerated rent, and the Landlord 
may recover the accelerated rent in the same manner as Rent in arrears, 
including immediately distraining for it together with all other arrears 
then unpaid.

15.8       Expenses for Remedying Breach.  If the Landlord brings any 
proceeding against the Tenant arising from an alleged breach of an 
obligation of the Tenant in this Lease and it is established that the 
Tenant is in breach of that obligation, the Tenant will pay to the Landlord 
all costs and expenses incurred by the Landlord in those proceedings 
including, without limitation, legal fees, on a solicitor and own client 
basis.

15.9       Interest on Overdue Monies.  All overdue monies payable to the 
Landlord by the Tenant on any account whatever will bear interest at the 
Prime Rate plus 6% per annum from the due date until paid in full.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

15.10     No Exemption from Distress.  None of the property of the Tenant 
on the Premises is exempt from levy by distress for Rent in arrears, and a 
claim being made for exemption by the Tenant or on distress being made by 
the Landlord, this paragraph 15.10 may be pleaded as an estoppel against 
the Tenant in any proceedings brought to test the right to levy upon 
property claimed to be exempt.

15.11     New Lease.  If this Lease is either terminated or repudiated in 
the process of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, with or without the 
consent of the Landlord, and whether or not a Transfer of Lease has 
occurred, the Landlord may, within 3 months after that event, require the 
Tenant, or its Trustee in Bankruptcy, receiver or other successor, to enter 
into a lease with the Landlord for the Premises for the remainder of the 
Term on the same terms and conditions as contained in this Lease.

PART 16.
REMEDIES OF LANDLORD AND WAIVER

16.1       Remedies Cumulative.  No exercise of a specific right or remedy 
by the Landlord or by the Tenant precludes it from, or prejudices it in, 
exercising another right or pursuing another remedy or maintaining an 
action to which it may otherwise be entitled either at law or in equity.

16.2       No Waiver.  The remedy by the Landlord or the Tenant of a breach 
of an obligation in this Lease will not be considered to be a waiver of a 
subsequent breach of that obligation or another obligation.  The subsequent 
acceptance of Rent by the Landlord will not be a waiver of a preceding 
breach by the Tenant of an obligation in this Lease, regardless of the 
Landlord's knowledge of the preceding breach at the time of acceptance of 
the Rent.  No obligation in this Lease will be considered to have been 
waived by the Landlord or by the Tenant unless the waiver is in writing 
signed by the Landlord or by the Tenant, as the case may be.

16.3       Injunctive Relief.  If the Tenant breaches or threatens to 
breach any of the terms of this Lease, the Landlord will have the right to 
injunctive relief, as if no other remedies were provided for in this Lease.

16.4       Effect of Tenant Default on Renewals.  If the Tenant defaults 
under this Lease prior to the date fixed as the commencement of any renewal 
or extension of this Lease, whether by renewal or extension option 
contained in this Lease or in a separate agreement, the Landlord may cancel 
such option or agreement for renewal or extension of this Lease, upon 
written notice to the Tenant.

PART 17.
ACCESS BY LANDLORD

17.1       Right of Entry.

 
(a)
The Landlord and its agents may enter the Premises at all reasonable times 
to examine them and to show them to a prospective purchaser, tenant or 
mortgagee.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(b)
The Landlord may make alterations, additions and adjustments to and changes 
of location of the pipes, conduits, wiring, ducts and other installations 
of any kind in the Premises where necessary in the opinion of the Landlord, 
but the Landlord will take commercially reasonable steps to minimize any 
disruption of the Tenant's business.  The Landlord may take all material 
required on to the Premises without constituting an eviction of the Tenant 
in whole or in part. The Rent reserved will not abate while the 
alterations, additions or changes of location are being made by reason of 
loss or interruption of the business of the Tenant, or otherwise, and the 
Landlord will not be liable for damage to property of the Tenant or of 
others located on the Premises as a result of any entry including damage 
caused by the negligence of the Landlord or another person for whose 
negligence the Landlord is responsible in law.

 
(c)
During the 6 months prior to the expiration of the Term the Landlord may 
place upon the Premises a notice "For Rent" and at any time, the Landlord 
may place upon the Premises a notice "For Sale", which the Tenant will 
permit to remain without interference.

 
(d)
If after reasonable notice to the Tenant (except in the case of an 
emergency when no prior notice is required), the Tenant is not present to 
open and permit entry into the Premises when the Landlord requires entry, 
the Landlord or its agents may enter by a master key or may forcibly enter 
without rendering the Landlord or its agents liable for any damage or 
trespass and without affecting this Lease.  Nothing in this paragraph 17.1 
imposes on the Landlord an obligation, responsibility or liability for the 
care, maintenance or repair of the Premises or any part thereof except as 
specifically provided in this Lease.  The Landlord will have the right at 
all times to enter on the Premises in order to install, construct, operate, 
maintain, repair and replace any utilities and services, but the Landlord 
in doing so will exercise such right in a manner which is commercially 
reasonable to minimize the extent of interference with the use and 
enjoyment of the Premises.

17.2       Excavation.    If an excavation is made upon any lands adjacent 
to the Premises, or is authorized to be made, the Tenant will give to the 
person making the excavation permission to enter the Premises for the 
purpose of doing work required by the Landlord, without claim for damages 
or indemnification against the Landlord or abatement or diminution of Rent.

PART 18.
RULES AND REGULATIONS

18.1       Landlord May Make.  The Landlord from time to time may 
establish, modify and enforce reasonable rules and regulations regarding 
the use and occupancy of the Premises.

PART 19.
LANDLORD'S COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS

19.1       Taxes.  Subject to payment to it by the Tenant, in accordance 
with Part 4, the Landlord will pay all real property taxes (including local 
improvement rates) that may be assessed by a lawful authority against the 
Premises.

19.2       Quiet Enjoyment.  Subject to the observance and performance by 
the Tenant of all of its obligations under this Lease, the Tenant may use 
and possess the Premises, in accordance with the provisions of this Lease, 
for the Term, without interference by the Landlord, or any other party 
claiming by, through or under the Landlord, except as otherwise provided in 
this Lease.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
PART 20.
OVERHOLDING

20.1       No Tacit Renewal.  If the Tenant remains in possession of the 
Premises after the end of the Term and without the execution and delivery 
of a new lease or written renewal or extension of this Lease, there is no 
tacit or other renewal of this Lease, and the Tenant will be considered to 
be occupying the Premises as a Tenant from month to month at a monthly 
rental payable in advance on the first day of each month equal to the sum 
of:

 
(a)
twice the monthly instalment of Basic Rent payable for the last month of 
the Term, and

 
(b)
1/6th of the amount of Additional Rent payable by the Tenant for the year 
immediately preceding the last year of this Lease,

and otherwise upon the terms and conditions set out in this Lease, so far 
as applicable.

PART 21.
OPTION TO RENEW

21.1       Option to Renew.  Provided that:

 
(a)
the Tenant pays the Rent and all other monies payable by it under this 
Lease and performs and has consistently performed all of its obligations 
under this Lease punctually and in accordance with this Lease and is 
otherwise not in default of any of its obligations to the Landlord, and

 
(b)
the original Tenant has not assigned this Lease or sublet or permitted a 
change in occupancy or other Transfer of the Premises, and

 
(c)
there has been no change in Control of the Tenant,

then the Tenant will have the option of renewing this Lease by notice in 
writing given to the Landlord not later than 6 months nor earlier than 8 
months prior to the expiry of the Term for an additional two term of five 
years on the same terms and conditions set out in this Lease, except that:

 
(i)
any renewal of this Lease will be limited to five years each and will be 
limited to two in number, and there will be no further renewals,
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(ii)
the Basic Rent to be paid during each renewal term will be the fair market 
rent at the time of the exercise of the option for space of comparable 
size, quality and location to that of the Premises, as determined by 
agreement between the Landlord and the Tenant, with or without the 
assistance of mediation, or if they fail to agree within 3 months prior to 
the expiration of the existing Term, then the Basic Rent will be determined 
by a single arbitrator appointed under the Commercial Arbitration Act, as 
such legislation may be amended or substituted from time to time, whose 
decision will be final and binding upon the Landlord and the Tenant.  The 
cost of the arbitration will be borne by the Landlord and the Tenant 
equally.  In any event the Basic Rent for any renewal term will not be less 
than the Basic Rent applicable during the most recent year, and
 
 
(iii)
concerning any renewal term, the Landlord will have no obligation to pay or 
provide to the Tenant any allowance, concession or inducement of any 
nature, or provide any free rent or discounted rent of any nature, or 
provide any fixturing period, or do or perform any work in the Premises.

21.2       Renewal Documentation.

 
(a)
The Landlord may, at its option, and at the Tenant's expense, require that 
the Tenant enter into an agreement prepared by the Landlord to give effect 
to the renewal term or execute a new lease for the renewal term on the 
Landlord's then standard form lease currently in use at such time.

 
(b)
During the period, if any, between the expiration of the Term, or most 
recent renewal term, and the date upon which the new renewal rent is 
determined by an arbitrator, or otherwise, the Tenant will pay Rent at the 
rates and in the manner provided for in this Lease for the period 
immediately preceding the expiry of the Term or most recent renewal term 
and, following determination of the renewal rent, the Tenant will pay to 
the Landlord interest, at the rate prescribed in paragraph 15.9 on the 
excess amount of the renewal rent.

PART 22.
OBLIGATIONS OF INDEMNIFIER

22.1       Indemnity.  In consideration of the Landlord granting this Lease 
to the Tenant and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is acknowledged by the Indemnifier, the Indemnifier 
unconditionally covenants and agrees with the Landlord:

 
(a)
to, on demand, make the due and punctual payment of all Rent, money and 
charges expressed to be payable under this Lease during the Term and any 
renewals or extensions thereof and any overholding thereafter;

 
(b)
to effect prompt and complete performance of each obligation in this Lease 
of the Tenant during the Term and any renewals or extensions thereof or any 
overholding; and

 
(c)
to indemnify and save harmless the Landlord from any loss, costs or 
damages, including consequential loss, costs or damages, arising out of any 
failure by the Tenant or the Indemnifier or any other person liable 
therefor to pay any Rent, money and charges or the failure to perform any 
of the terms or conditions of this Lease.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
22.2       Absolute and Unconditional.  This indemnity is absolute and 
unconditional and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
obligation of the Indemnifier will not be released, discharged, mitigated, 
impaired or affected by:

 
(a)
any extension of time, indulgence or modification which the Landlord may 
extend or make with the Tenant from time to time in respect of the 
performance of any of the obligations of the Tenant under this Lease;

 
(b)
any waiver by, or neglect or failure of the Landlord to enforce any of the 
terms of this Lease;

 
(c)
any assignment of this Lease or sublet of the Premises or other Transfer by 
the Tenant or by any trustee, receiver or liquidator of the Tenant or of 
the Indemnifier;

 
(d)
any consent which the Landlord may give to any assignment or sublease or 
other Transfer;

 
(e)
any changes of any kind to this Lease, and the Indemnifier acknowledges 
that he will advise himself of all changes and the Landlord has no 
obligation to advise him of any changes;

 
(f)
any act or failure to act of or by the Landlord concerning matters 
contained in this Lease;

 
(g)
the filing by the Tenant of a proposal or a notice of intention to file a 
proposal or the repudiation of the Lease under the Bankruptcy and 
Insolvency Act, as amended or substituted from time to time;

 
(h)
any winding-up, amalgamation, bankruptcy, or receivership of the Tenant or 
any execution proceedings taken against the Tenant or the release or 
discharge of the Tenant in any receivership, bankruptcy, winding-up or 
other creditor's proceeding; or

 
(i)
the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease however arising, 
including without limitation, whether by operation of law or resulting from 
the exercise of a trustee in bankruptcy's statutory right to disclaim any 
interest in this Lease and surrender possession of the Premises to the 
Landlord, with or without the consent of the Landlord.

22.3       Waiver of Notice.  The Indemnifier waives all notice of 
non-performance, non-payment, and non-observance on the part of the Tenant 
of any term of this Lease from time to time.

22.4       Waiver on Default.

 
(a)
If the Tenant defaults under this Lease, the Indemnifier waives any right 
to require the Landlord to:

 
(i)
proceed against the Tenant or pursue any rights or remedies concerning this 
Lease;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
 
(ii)
proceed against or exhaust any security of the Tenant held by the Landlord; 
or

 
(iii)
pursue any other remedy whatsoever in the Landlord's power.

 
(b)
The Landlord has the right to enforce this indemnity regardless of the 
acceptance of additional security from the Tenant and regardless of the 
release or discharge of the Tenant or any other guarantor or indemnifier in 
respect of this Lease, whether granted by the Landlord or by others or by 
operation of law.

22.5       Survival of Indemnity.

 
(a)
The liability of the Indemnifier under this indemnity will not be waived, 
released, discharged, impaired or affected by reason of the death, 
bankruptcy or dissolution of the Tenant or by reason of the release or 
discharge of the Tenant in any receivership, bankruptcy, winding-up or 
other creditors proceeding or the rejection, or disclaimer of this Lease in 
any proceeding, and will continue concerning the periods prior to and 
after, for and concerning the Term and any renewals or extensions of it.

 
(b)
The liability of the Indemnifier will not be affected by any repossession 
of the Premises by the Landlord, provided however, that the net payments 
received by the Landlord after deducting all costs and expenses of 
repossessing or reletting will be credited from time to time by the 
Landlord in accordance with Part < to reduce the liability of the 
Indemnifier, and the Indemnifier will pay any balance owing to the Landlord 
from time to time immediately upon receipt of notice of the amount of the 
balance.

22.6       Further Actions or Proceedings.  No action or proceeding brought 
or instituted under this indemnity and no recovery related to it will be a 
bar or defence to any further action or proceeding which may be brought 
under this indemnity by reason of any further default.

22.7       Indemnifier as Tenant.  The Indemnifier will, without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, be bound by the terms of this Lease in the 
same manner as though the Indemnifier were the tenant named in the Lease 
and as if the Indemnifier had a primary obligation under the Lease. The 
Indemnifier acknowledges to the Landlord that it is not a surety and will 
have no rights as a surety, whether at law, in equity or otherwise, which 
may at any time be inconsistent with the provisions of this Lease.

22.8       Termination or Surrender of Lease.  In the event of termination, 
disclaimer or surrender of this Lease, other than surrender voluntarily 
accepted by the Landlord, then at the option of the Landlord, the 
Indemnifier will lease the Premises from the Landlord on the terms and 
conditions of this Lease except as to any extension or renewal for a term 
equal in duration to the residue of the Term remaining unexpired at the 
date of such termination, disclaimer or surrender.  It will not be 
necessary for a further lease document to be executed by the Indemnifier 
(though the Landlord may require such a lease document to be executed), and 
the execution of this Lease by the Indemnifier will be treated as execution 
by the Indemnifier as tenant of a Lease of the Premises on the conditions 
of this Lease.  The Indemnifier will accept that lease and pay Rent and 
observe and perform the terms and conditions of that lease.  The 
Indemnifier will do all acts and execute all such documents as the Landlord 
may reasonably require to give effect to the intent of this paragraph 22.8.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

PART 23
MISCELLANEOUS

23.1       Accord and Satisfaction.  No payment by the Tenant or receipt by 
the Landlord of a lesser amount than the Rent stipulated in this Lease will 
be considered to be other than on account of the earliest stipulated Rent, 
nor will an endorsement or statement on a cheque or in a letter 
accompanying a cheque or payment as rent be considered to be an accord or 
satisfaction, and the Landlord may accept a cheque or payment without 
prejudice to the Landlord's right to recover the balance of the Rent or 
pursue any other remedy.

23.2       No Partnership.  The Landlord does not in any way or for any 
purpose become a partner of, or joint venturer or a member of a joint 
enterprise with, the Tenant.

23.3       Unavoidable Delay.

 
(a)
If the performance of any act required under this Lease to be performed by 
a party is affected by Unavoidable Delay then:

 
(b)
if the act is to be performed on or at a specified day or time then the day 
or time for performance will be extended to a day or time after the 
Unavoidable Delay ceases which is reasonable having regard to the nature of 
both the act and the Unavoidable Delay; or

 
(c)
if the act is to be performed within a specified period of time that period 
will be extended from the time the Unavoidable Delay ceases to affect the 
performance for a period equal to the amount of that specified period which 
occurred during the period of Unavoidable Delay.

 
(d)
The party obligated to do or perform such act or thing will not be 
considered to have committed a default until the expiration of such time as 
so extended.

 
(e)
Each party will when so delayed promptly notify the other of the occurrence 
of the Unavoidable Delay with an estimate of its expected duration.

23.4       Partial Invalidity.  If a term, covenant or condition of this 
Lease or the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held to 
any extent invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease or the 
application of the term, covenant or condition to persons or circumstances 
other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable will not 
be affected.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

23.5       Joint and Several Liability.  If two or more individuals, 
corporations, partnerships or other business associations compose the 
Tenant the liability of each individual, corporation, partnership or other 
business association to pay Rent and perform all other obligations of the 
Tenant under this Lease is joint and several.  If the Tenant is a 
partnership or other business association the members of which are by 
virtue of statute or general law subject to personal liability, the 
liability of each member is joint and several.

23.6       Registration.  The Tenant will not register this Lease and the 
Landlord is not obliged to deliver this Lease in registrable form.  If the 
Landlord requires this Lease to be registered, the Tenant will at its sole 
cost and expense immediately attend to the registration of this Lease.

23.7       Notice.

 
(a)
Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given under 
this Lease will be in writing unless otherwise specified and will be 
considered to have been given if delivered by hand, transmitted by 
facsimile transmission or mailed by prepaid registered post in Canada, to 
the address or facsimile transmission number of the party set out below:

       (i)
       if to the Landlord:
         	 
         	
       Ocra Timber Products Ltd
         	 
         	
       Attention:
       Phil Lemon
         	
       Fax No:
       _________________
         	 
       (ii)
       if to the Tenant:
         	 
         	
       EcoPHASER Energy Corp.,
         	
       2348 – 666 Burrard Street,
         	
       Vancouver, BC
         	 
         	
       Attention:
       Anne Sanders
         	
       Fax No:
       604-357-1363

       or to such other address or facsimile transmission number as a party
       may specify by notice given as set out above.

 
(b)
Notice or other communication will be considered to have been received:

 
(i)
if delivered by hand during business hours, upon receipt by a responsible 
representative of the receiver, and if not delivered during business hours, 
upon the commencement of business on the next business day;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
(ii)
if sent by facsimile transmission during business hours, upon the sender 
receiving confirmation of the transmission, and if not sent during business 
hours, upon the commencement of business on the next business day; and

 
(iii)
if mailed by prepaid registered post in Canada, upon the fifth business day 
following posting, except that, in the case of a disruption or an impending 
or threatened disruption in the postal service, every notice or 
communication will be delivered by hand or sent by facsimile transmission.

 
 (c)
In this Lease, whenever a notice provision refers to "days", it will be 
considered to refer to "business days" and "business day" or "business 
days" will mean a day or days which are not a Saturday or defined as a 
"holiday" under the Interpretation Act of British Columbia as amended or 
substituted from time to time.

23.8       No Modification.  No representations, understandings or 
agreements have been made or relied upon in the making of this Lease other 
than those specifically set out in this Lease.  This Lease may only be 
modified in writing signed by the party against whom the modification is 
enforceable.

23.9       Successors and Assigns.  This Lease binds and benefits the 
parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors 
and assigns.  No rights, however, benefit an assignee of the Tenant unless 
under Part 11 the assignment was consented to by the Landlord.

23.10     Number and Gender.  The necessary grammatical changes required to 
make the provisions of this Lease apply in the plural sense where the 
Tenant comprises more than one entity and to corporations, associations, 
partnerships, or individuals, males or females, in all cases will be 
assumed as though in each case fully expressed.

23.11     Headings and Captions.  The table of contents, part numbers, part 
headings, paragraph numbers and paragraph headings are inserted for 
convenience of reference only and are not to be considered when 
interpreting this Lease.

23.12     Obligations as Covenants.  Each obligation of the Landlord or the 
Tenant in this Lease, even though not expressed as a covenant, is 
considered to be a covenant for all purposes.

23.13     Entire Agreement.  This Lease contains all the representations, 
warranties, covenants, agreements, conditions and understandings between 
the Landlord and the Tenant concerning the Premises or the subject matter 
of this Lease.

23.14     Time is of the Essence.  Time will be of the essence.

23.15     Governing Law.  This Lease will be interpreted under and is 
governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia.

TO EVIDENCE THEIR AGREEMENT each of the parties has executed this Lease on 
the date appearing below.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Ocra Timber Products Ltd
By:
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
Dated:
 
 
EcoPHASER Energy Corp.
By:
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
Dated:
 
 
EcoTech Waste Management Systems (1991) Inc.
 
By:
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
Dated:
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 1

Legal Description of the Property

PID: 024-691-399

Strata Lot1 Section 6 Township 14 New Westminster District Strata Plan 
LMSS4093 together with an interest in the common property in proportion to 
the unit entitlement of the strata lot as shown on form 1.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 2

Landlord’s Work

The Landlord shall paint the floor and walls (primed white with one coat on 
walls) using epoxy floor paint on floors in grey in the warehouse.

The Landlord warrants that all mechanical, electrical (including 
transformers) and plumbing in the Premises will be in good working order by 
March 30, 2008.

The Landlord agrees to complete any deficiencies where existing 
improvements do not comply to the appropriate building code and fire code 
by March 30, 2008.

Other than as set out in this Schedule and otherwise in this Lease, the 
Landlord does not give any representation or warranty about the Premises 
and the Tenant takes the Premises on an “as is” condition.

Tenant’s Work

The Tenant may finish the mezzanine and the area under the mezzanine into 
office space.
 
If the cost of painting the walls and floors in the warehouse exceeds the 
$5000, the Tenant agrees to share the over-cost 50/50.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 