 EX-10.2 3 exhibit_10-2.htm FORM OF SERIES-1 WARRANT
Exhibit 10.2
 
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS 
EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT 
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF 
COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE 
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.  THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES 
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A 
BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.
 
WARRANT NO.  CSW-___
 
SERIES-1 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

To Purchase ____________ Shares of Common Stock of
 
ECHO THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
THIS SERIES-1 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the “Warrant”) certifies that, 
for value received, ____________________________________ (the “Holder”), is 
entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the 
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after November ___, 
2010 (the “Initial Exercise Date”) and on or prior to the close of business 
on November ___, 2012 (the “Termination Date”) but not thereafter, to 
subscribe for and purchase from Echo Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), up to ________________________ shares (the “
Warrant Shares”) of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company 
(the “Common Stock”).  The purchase price of one share of Common Stock 
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in 
Section 2(b) below.  This is the Warrant referenced in the Subscription 
Agreement by and among the Company and the other parties thereto dated 
November 4, 2010 (the “Subscription Agreement”).
 
Section 1.       Definitions.  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription 
Agreement.
 
Section 2.      Exercise.
 
a)  Exercise of Warrant.  Exercise of the purchase rights represented by 
this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or 
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by 
delivery to the Company of a duly executed original or facsimile copy of 
the Notice of Exercise form annexed hereto (or such other office or agency 
of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered 
Holder at the address of
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

such Holder appearing on the books of the Company). Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to 
physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has 
purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has 
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this 
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within 5 Trading Days of the date 
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.  Partial 
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total 
number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of 
lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in 
an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.  For 
purposes of this Warrant, the term “Trading Days” means any day during 
which the market or exchange on which the Company’s common stock is listed 
or quoted for trading on the date in question shall be open for business 
or, if the Common Stock is not listed or quoted on any recognized market or 
exchange, then a business day.
 
b)  Exercise Price.  The exercise price of the Common Stock under this 
Warrant shall be $1.50 per share, subject to adjustment hereunder (the “
Exercise Price”). Within 5 Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise 
is delivered to the Company, the Holder shall have surrendered this Warrant 
(if required) to the Company and the Company shall have received  payment 
of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire 
transfer or cashier’s check drawn on a United States bank.
 
c)  [Intentionally omitted]
 
d)  Exercise Limitations; Holder’s Restrictions.  The Company shall not 
effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right 
to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that, after giving 
effect to the exercise set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, such 
Holder (together with such Holder’s Affiliates, and any other person or 
entity acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holder’s 
Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership 
Limitation (as defined below).  For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the 
number of  shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its 
Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
exercise of the Warrant with respect to which such determination is being 
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are 
issuable upon (A) exercise of the remaining, unexercised number of Warrants 
Shares beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates and (B) 
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any 
other securities of the Company owned by such Holder or any of its 
Affiliates subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to 
the limitation contained herein.  Except as set forth in the preceding 
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(d), beneficial ownership shall be 
calculated in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange 
Act.  To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(d) 
applies, the determination of whether the Warrant is exercisable (in 
relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any 
Affiliates) and of how many Warrant Shares are exercisable shall be in the 
sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise 
shall be deemed to be such Holder’s determination of whether the shares of 
this Warrant may be exercised (in relation to other securities owned by 
such Holder together with any Affiliates) and how many shares of the 
Warrant are exercisable, in each case subject to such aggregate percentage 
limitations. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will 
be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of 
Exercise that such Notice of Exercise has not violated the restrictions
 

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation to 
verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.  In addition, a 
determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be 
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  For purposes of this Section 
2(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a 
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as 
stated in the most recent of the following: (A) the Company’s most recent 
Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public 
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent notice by the Company or 
the Company’s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common 
Stock outstanding.  Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the 
Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to 
such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.  In any 
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined 
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the 
Company by such Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such 
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The “Beneficial 
Ownership Limitation” shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common 
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares 
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant held by the 
applicable Holder.  The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this 
Section 2(d) may be waived by such Holder, at the election of such Holder, 
upon not less than 61 days’ prior notice to the Company, to change the 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation to 9.99% of the number of shares of Common 
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares 
of Common Stock upon conversion of this Warrant held by the applicable 
Holder, and the provisions of this Section 2(d) shall continue to apply.  
Upon such a change by a Holder of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation from 
such 4.99% limitation to such 9.99% limitation, the Beneficial Ownership 
Limitation may not be further waived by such Holder.  The provisions of 
this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise 
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(f) to correct 
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or 
inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein 
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to 
properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this 
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
 
e)  Mechanics of Exercise.
 
i. Authorization of Warrant Shares.  The Company covenants that all Warrant 
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights 
represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights 
represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid 
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges in respect of 
the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring 
contemporaneously with such issue and liens imposed upon such shares as a 
result of Holder’s actions).
 
ii. Delivery of Certificates Upon Exercise.  Certificates for shares 
issuable upon the exercise hereof shall be transmitted by the transfer 
agent of the Company to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder’s 
broker with the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal 
Agent Commission (“DWAC”) system if the Company is a participant in such 
system and such shares are eligible for legend removal, and otherwise by 
physical delivery to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of 
Exercise within 5 Trading Days (the
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 “Warrant Share Delivery Date”) from the delivery to the Company of the 
Notice of Exercise form, surrender of this Warrant (if required) and 
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above.  This Warrant 
shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the Notice of Exercise 
is transmitted to the Company.  The shares issuable upon the exercise of 
the Warrant shall be deemed to have been issued, and the Holder or any 
other person designated in the Notice of Exercise as the person in whose 
name the shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be issued, 
shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all 
purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised by payment to the 
Company of the Exercise Price and all taxes required to be paid by the 
Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(e)(vii) prior to the issuance of such 
shares, have been paid.   The Warrant Shares shall be issued without any 
legend or stop transfer orders provided (i) a registration statement under 
the Securities Act covering the proposed disposition of such Warrant Shares 
has become effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Company has 
received other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that such 
registration and qualification under the Securities Act and state 
securities laws are not required, or (iii) the Holder provides the Company 
with reasonable documentation confirming the legend can be removed pursuant 
to applicable provisions of the Securities Act (such as Rules 144).
 
iii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise.  If this Warrant shall have 
been exercised in part, and if the Holder shall have surrendered this 
Warrant together with the Notice of Exercise, the Company shall, at the 
time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant 
Shares, deliver to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder 
to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, 
which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this 
Warrant.
 
iv. Rescission Rights.  If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to 
transmit to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the 
Warrant Shares by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will 
have the right to unconditionally rescind such exercise and the Company 
shall within three (3) business days return any monies paid to the Company 
by the Holder in connection with such rescinded exercise.
 
v. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon 
Exercise.  In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the 
Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder a 
certificate or certificates representing the Warrant Shares pursuant to an 
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such 
date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market 
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction 
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated 
receiving upon such exercise (a “Buy-In”), then the Company shall (1) pay 
in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the Holder’s total purchase 
price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common 
Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (A) the 
number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the 
Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (B) the price at 
which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, 
and (2) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the 
Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was 
not honored or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock 
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its 
exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.  For example, if the Holder 
purchases Common
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with 
respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an 
aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, 
under clause (1) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be 
required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company 
written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of 
the Buy-In, together with applicable confirmations and other evidence 
reasonably requested by the Company.  Nothing herein shall limit a Holder’s 
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in 
equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance 
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company’s failure to timely 
deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise of 
the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.
 
vi.   No Fractional Shares or Scrip.  No fractional shares or scrip 
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this 
Warrant.  As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be 
entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall issue to the 
Holder one whole share.
 
vii.  Charges, Taxes and Expenses.  Issuance of certificates for Warrant 
Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer 
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such 
certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, 
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such 
name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in 
the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other 
than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise 
shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed 
by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the 
payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental 
thereto.
 
viii.  Closing of Books; No Impairment.  The Company will not close its 
stockholder books or records or take any other action which in any manner 
prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.
 
Section 3.        Certain Adjustments.
 
a)  Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this 
Warrant is outstanding: (A) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a 
distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other 
equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock 
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common 
Stock issued by the Company pursuant to this Warrant), (B) subdivides 
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (C) 
combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of 
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (D) issues by 
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock 
of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by 
a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common 
Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before 
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of 
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number of 
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately and 
equitably adjusted upward.  Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the 
determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or 
distribution
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case 
of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.
 
b)  [Intentionally omitted]
 
c)  Pro Rata Distributions.  If the Company, at any time prior to the 
Termination Date, shall distribute to all holders of Common Stock (and not 
to Holders of the Warrants) evidences of its indebtedness or assets 
(including cash and cash dividends) or rights or warrants to subscribe for 
or purchase any security other than the Common Stock, then in each such 
case the Exercise Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price 
in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of 
stockholders entitled to receive such distribution by a fraction of which 
the denominator shall be the Closing Price determined as of the record date 
mentioned above, and of which the numerator shall be such Closing Price on 
such record date less the then per share fair market value at such record 
date of the portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness so 
distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common Stock as 
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith.  In 
either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided by 
the Company to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of 
indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one 
share of Common Stock.  Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such 
distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the 
record date mentioned above.  At the time of such adjustment, the number of 
Warrant Shares issuable following such adjustment shall be equitably and 
proportionally adjusted upward.
 
d)  Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, etc.  In the 
event that the Company shall 1) effect a reorganization, 2) consolidate 
with or merge into any other entity or 3) transfer all or substantially all 
of its properties or assets to any other entity under any plan or 
arrangement contemplating the dissolution of the Company, then, in each 
such case, as a condition precedent to the consummation of such a 
transaction, proper and adequate provision shall be made whereby the Holder 
of this Warrant, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 2 above, at 
any time after the consummation of any such reorganization, consolidation 
or merger or the effective date of any such dissolution, shall receive in 
lieu of the shares of Common Stock issuable on such exercise immediately 
prior to any such consummation or effective date, the stock and other 
securities and property (including cash) to which such Holder would have 
been entitled to receive upon any such consummation or dissolution if the 
Holder had so exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such consummation 
or dissolution.
 
e)       Certificate as to Adjustments.  The computation of any adjustments 
described in this Section 3 shall be the sole responsibility of the 
Company, which shall expeditiously prepare and mail to the Holder a notice 
setting forth the nature of any necessary adjustment together with the 
basis thereof and the calculations therefor.  The Company shall immediately 
notify the Holder of any information which bears on any of the events 
referenced in this Section 3 and which may have an effect on the exercise 
of this Warrant.

f)        Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made 
to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. 
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed 
to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury 
shares, if any) issued and outstanding.
 
g)       Voluntary Adjustment By Company. The Company may at any time 
during the term of this Warrant reduce (but not increase) the then-current 
Exercise Price, as the case may be, to any amount and for any period of 
time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
h)      Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (1) the Company shall 
declare a dividend (or any other distribution) on the Common Stock; or (2) 
the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a 
redemption of the Common Stock; or (3) the Company shall authorize the 
granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe 
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights; 
or (4) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in 
connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation 
or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share 
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash 
or property; or (5) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or 
involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the 
Company; then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the 
Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register 
(defined in Section 4(c)) of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior 
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice 
stating (y) the date on which a survey of the holders of record is to be 
taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or 
warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the 
holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, 
distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (z) 
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, 
transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and 
the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of 
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for 
securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, 
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided, that the 
unintentional failure to mail such notice or any unintentional defect 
therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the 
corporate action required to be specified in such notice.  The Holder is 
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the 20-day period commencing on 
the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such 
notice.
 
Section 4.      Transfer of Warrant.
 
a)  Transferability.  Subject to compliance with any applicable securities 
laws and the conditions set forth in Sections 5(a) and 4(d) hereof and to 
the provisions of Article V of the Subscription Agreement, this Warrant and 
all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender 
of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company, together with a 
written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached 
hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds 
sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such 
transfer.  Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company 
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the 
assignee or assignees and in the denomination or denominations specified in 
such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new 
Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this 
Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.  A Warrant, if properly assigned, may 
be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without 
having a new Warrant issued.
 

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

        b)  New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with 
other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the 
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and 
denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder 
or its agent or attorney.  Subject to compliance with Section 3(a), as to 
any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the 
Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for 
the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such 
notice.
 
c)  Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records 
to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the “Warrant Register”), 
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time.  The Company may 
deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner 
hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the 
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.
 
d)  Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant 
in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this 
Warrant shall not be registered pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or 
blue sky laws, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such 
transfer (i) that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may 
be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel (which opinion 
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions) to the effect that such transfer may be made 
without registration under the Securities Act and under applicable state 
securities or blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and 
deliver to the Company an investment letter in form and substance 
acceptable to the Company and (iii) that the transferee be an “accredited 
investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or 
a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the 
Securities Act.
 
Section 5.          Miscellaneous.
 
a)  Title to Warrant.  Prior to the Termination Date and subject to 
compliance with applicable laws and Section 4 of this Warrant, this Warrant 
and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, at the 
office or agency of the Company by the Holder in person or by duly 
authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Warrant together with the 
Assignment Form annexed hereto properly endorsed.  The transferee shall 
sign an investment letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
the Company.
 
b)  No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise.  This Warrant does not entitle 
the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the 
Company prior to the exercise hereof.  Upon the surrender of this Warrant 
and the payment of the aggregate Exercise Price, the Warrant Shares so 
purchased shall be and be deemed to be issued to such Holder as the record 
owner of such shares as of the close of business on the later of the date 
of such surrender or payment.
 
     c)  Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company 
covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this 
Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares or any 
portion thereof, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or 
security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, 
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and 
cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the 
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like 
tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock 
certificate.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
d)  Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.  If the last or appointed day for 
the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted 
herein shall be a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday, then such action may 
be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding day not a 
Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.
 
e)  Authorized Shares.
 
The Company covenants that during the period that any of this Series of 
Warrants is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued 
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of 
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of any purchase 
rights under this Warrant.  The Company further covenants that its issuance 
of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are 
charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue 
the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the 
purchase rights under this Warrant.  The Company will take all such 
reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares 
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or 
regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the 
Common Stock may be listed.
 
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder in 
writing, the Company shall not by any action, including, without 
limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any 
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, 
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to 
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, 
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such 
terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or 
appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant 
against impairment.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Company will (a) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the amount payable 
therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par 
value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order 
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable 
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, 
exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction 
thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its 
obligations under this Warrant.
 
Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number 
of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the 
Exercise Price in effect on the date of such action, the Company shall 
obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, 
as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having 
jurisdiction thereof.
 

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
f)  Jurisdiction and Governing Law. All questions concerning the 
construction, validity, enforcement, governing law and interpretation of 
this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
Subscription Agreement.
 
g)  Restrictions.  The Holder acknowledges that the shares of Common Stock 
acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have 
restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.
 
h)  Nonwaiver and Expenses.  No course of dealing or any delay or failure 
to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a 
waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holder’s rights, powers or 
remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder terminate on 
the Termination Date.  If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to 
comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material 
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as 
shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not 
limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, including those of appellate 
proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant 
hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies 
hereunder.
 
i)  Notices.  Any notice, request or other document required or permitted 
to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in 
accordance with the notice provisions of the Subscription Agreement.
 
j)  Limitation of Liability.  No provision hereof, in the absence of any 
affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant or purchase shares of 
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant, and no enumeration 
herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any 
liability of Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a 
stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the 
Company or by creditors of the Company.
 
k)  Remedies.  Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights 
granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific 
performance of its rights under this Warrant.  The Company agrees that 
monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred 
by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby 
agrees to waive the defense in any action for specific performance that a 
remedy at law would be adequate.
 
l)  Successors and Assigns.  Subject to applicable securities laws, this 
Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the 
successors and permitted assigns of Holder.  The provisions of this Warrant 
are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders of this Warrant from the 
Initial Exercise Date through the Termination Date, and shall be 
enforceable by any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.
 
m)  Amendment.  This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions 
hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.
 
n)  Severability.  Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall 
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable 
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid 
under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of 
such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such 
provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.
 
o)  Headings.  The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of 
reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this 
Warrant.
 
********************








 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by 
its officer thereunto duly authorized.
 

Dated:  November ___, 2010                                                  
    

ECHO THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:__________________________________________
     Name: Harry G. Mitchell
     Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
               Officer
 



 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:           ECHO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)           The undersigned, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the 
attached Warrant No. ______, hereby irrevocably elects to purchase 
____________ shares of the Common Stock of Echo Therapeutics, Inc. covered 
by such Warrant.
 
(2)           The undersigned herewith makes payment of the full purchase 
price for such shares at the price per share provided for in such Warrant.  
Such payment takes the form of $__________ in lawful money of the United 
States.
 
(3)           Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said 
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is 
specified below:
 
_________________________________________________


(please print or type name and address)


(please insert social security or other identifying number)

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following:

_______                      ___________________________________________

_______                      ___________________________________________

_______                      ___________________________________________
(please print or type name and address)

and if such number of shares of Common Stock shall not be all the shares 
evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant for the balance 
of such shares be registered in the name of, and delivered to, Holder.

(4)  Accredited Investor.  The undersigned is an “accredited investor” as 
defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended.

Name of Holder: ____________________________________________

           Signature of Holder: 
____________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory (if Holder is an entity): 
____________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory (if Holder is an entity): 
__________________________________________

Date: __________________________________________

 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
this form and supply required information.
Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)



FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby 
are hereby assigned to
 

_______________________________________________________________, whose 
address is

______________________________________________________________________________

_____________________________________________________________________________.


Dated:  ______________, _______


               Holder’s Name:                                           
_________________________________________


Holder’s Signature:                                
_________________________________________

Holder’s Address:                                
_________________________________________

_________________________________________



Signature Guaranteed:  ___________________________________________


NOTE:  The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name 
as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement 
or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust 
company.  Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other 
representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign 
the foregoing Warrant.

 

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 