 EX-10.2 3 exhibit10-2.htm CONTINUING GUARANTY
EXHIBIT 10.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CONTINUING GUARANTY
 
TO:               WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 
1. GUARANTY; DEFINITIONS.  In consideration of those certain credit or 
other financial accommodation heretofore, now or hereafter extended or made 
to CENTAUR SERVICES LIMITED, a corporation incorporated in England and 
Wales under registered number 00787385 (“Borrower”), by WELLS FARGO BANK, 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, London Branch (the “London Branch”), including 
without limitation, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, (collectively 
together with the London Branch, hereinafter referred to as “Bank”), 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain loan agreement dated 
as of even date herewith (the “Sterling Revolving Facility Loan 
Agreement”), entered into by and among Borrower, Bank and such other 
signatory parties as reflected in the Sterling Revolving Facility Loan 
Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Sterling Revolving Facility”), 
and such other documents as executed and delivered in connection therewith, 
and for other valuable consideration, the undersigned MWI VETERINARY SUPPLY 
CO., an Idaho corporation (“Guarantor”), unconditionally guarantees and 
promises to pay to Bank, or order, on demand in lawful money of the United 
States of America and in immediately available funds, any and all 
Indebtedness of Borrower to Bank.  The term “Indebtedness” is used herein 
in its most comprehensive sense and includes any and all advances, debts, 
obligations and liabilities of Borrower under the Sterling Revolving 
Facility, and such other debts, obligations and/or liabilities of Borrower 
heretofore, now or hereafter made, incurred or created, whether voluntary 
or involuntary and however arising, whether due or not due, absolute or 
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or undetermined, 
including under any foreign exchange, deposit, treasury management, 
commercial card, or other similar transaction or arrangement, including 
without limitation, any and all indebtedness arising out of direct debit 
transactions and arrangements pursuant to that certain Direct Debit 
Agreement to be entered into by and between Borrower and Bank (“Direct 
Debit Arrangement”), and any and all charge backs and/or indemnity 
obligations incurred or may be incurred by, or imposed upon, Bank pursuant 
to any direct debit guarantees and/or indemnities provided by Bank in 
connection with such Direct Debit, and whether Borrower may be liable 
individually or jointly with others, or whether recovery upon such 
Indebtedness may be or hereafter becomes unenforceable.  This Guaranty is a 
guaranty of payment and not collection.
 
2. MAXIMUM LIABILITY; SUCCESSIVE TRANSACTIONS; REVOCATION; OBLIGATION UNDER 
OTHER GUARANTIES.  This is a continuing guaranty and all rights, powers and 
remedies hereunder shall apply to all past, present and future Indebtedness 
of Borrower to Bank, including any such Indebtedness arising under 
successive transactions which shall either continue the Indebtedness, 
increase or decrease it, or from time to time create new Indebtedness after 
all or any prior Indebtedness has been satisfied, and notwithstanding the 
death, incapacity, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy of Borrower or 
Guarantor or any other event or proceeding affecting Borrower or Guarantor. 
 This Guaranty shall not apply to any new Indebtedness created after actual 
receipt by Bank of written notice of its revocation as to such new 
Indebtedness; provided however, that loans or advances made by Bank to 
Borrower after revocation under commitments existing prior to receipt by 
Bank of such revocation, and extensions, renewals or modifications, of any 
kind, of Indebtedness incurred by Borrower or committed by Bank prior to 
receipt by Bank of such revocation, shall not be considered new 
Indebtedness.  Any such notice must be sent to Bank by registered mail, 
postage prepaid, addressed to each of its offices at Idaho RCBO, 877 West 
Main Street, 3rd Floor, Boise, Idaho 83702, marked to the attention of 
Regional Vice President, and the London Branch at 1 Plantation Place, 30 
Fenchurch Street, London EC3M 3BD, marked to the attention of Loans 
Administration Team, Ian King, or at such other addresses, or to the 
attention of such other person or persons, as Bank shall from time to time 
designate.  Any payment by Guarantor shall not reduce Guarantor’s maximum 
obligation hereunder unless written notice to that effect is actually 
received by Bank at or prior to the time of such payment.  The obligations 
of Guarantor hereunder shall be in addition to any obligations of Guarantor 
under any other guaranties of any liabilities or obligations of Borrower or 
any other persons heretofore or hereafter given to Bank unless said other 
guaranties are expressly modified or revoked in writing; and this Guaranty 
shall not, unless expressly herein provided, affect or invalidate any such 
other guaranties.
 
3. OBLIGATIONS JOINT AND SEVERAL; SEPARATE ACTIONS; WAIVER OF STATUTE OF 
LIMITATIONS; REINSTATEMENT OF LIABILITY.  The obligations hereunder are 
joint and several and independent of the obligations of Borrower, and a 
separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor 
whether action is brought against Borrower or any other person, or whether 
Borrower or any other person is joined in any such action or actions.  
Guarantor acknowledges that this Guaranty is absolute and unconditional, 
there are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Guaranty, 
and this Guaranty is in full force and effect and is binding on Guarantor 
as of the date written below, regardless of whether Bank obtains collateral 
or any guaranties from others or takes any other action contemplated by 
Guarantor.  Guarantor waives the benefit of any statute of limitations 
affecting Guarantor’s liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof, and 
Guarantor agrees that any payment of any Indebtedness or other act which 
shall toll any statute of limitations applicable thereto shall similarly 
operate to toll such statute of limitations applicable to Guarantor’s 
liability hereunder.  The liability of Guarantor hereunder shall be 
reinstated and revived and the rights of Bank shall continue if and to the 
extent for any reason any amount at any time paid on account of any 
Indebtedness guaranteed hereby is rescinded or must otherwise be restored 
by Bank, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or 
reorganization or otherwise, all as though such amount had not been paid.  
The determination as to whether any amount so paid must be rescinded or 
restored shall be made by Bank in its sole discretion; provided however, 
that if Bank chooses to contest any such matter at the request of 
Guarantor, Guarantor agrees to indemnify and hold Bank harmless from and 
against all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
expended or incurred by Bank in connection therewith, including without 
limitation, in any litigation with respect thereto.
 
4. AUTHORIZATIONS TO BANK.  Guarantor authorizes Bank either before or 
after revocation hereof, without notice to or demand on Guarantor, and 
without affecting Guarantor’s liability hereunder, from time to time to:  
(a) alter, compromise, renew, extend, accelerate or otherwise change the 
time for payment of, or otherwise change the terms of the Indebtedness or 
any portion thereof, including increase or decrease of the rate of interest 
thereon; (b) take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty or the 
Indebtedness or any portion thereof, and exchange, enforce, waive, 
subordinate or release any such security; (c) apply such security and 
direct the order or manner of sale thereof, including without limitation, a 
non-judicial sale permitted by the terms of the controlling security 
agreement, mortgage or deed of trust, as Bank in its discretion may 
determine; (d) release or substitute any one or more of the endorsers or 
any other guarantors of the Indebtedness, or any portion thereof, or any 
other party thereto; and (e) apply payments received by Bank from Borrower 
to any Indebtedness of Borrower to Bank, in such order as Bank shall 
determine in its sole discretion, whether or not such Indebtedness is 
covered by this Guaranty, and Guarantor hereby waives any provision of law 
regarding application of payments which specifies otherwise.  Bank may 
without notice assign this Guaranty in whole or in part.  In addition to, 
and without limiting anything contained herein, upon Bank’s request, 
Guarantor agrees to provide to Bank copies of Guarantor’s financial 
statements.
 
5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  Guarantor represents and warrants to 
Bank as of the date hereof that:
 
(a) this Guaranty is executed at Borrower’s request and Guarantor receives 
substantial benefit from the credit accommodations which have been, and 
will be, granted to Borrower by Bank from time to time, pursuant to the 
Sterling Revolving Facility Loan Agreement , as amended from time to time, 
and such other contracts, agreements, instruments and documents 
(collectively, “Loan Documents”), as executed, and as may from time to time 
hereafter be executed and delivered to Bank by Borrower and/or such other 
parties thereto, including without limitation, that certain Corporate 
Credit Card Agreement to be entered into by and between Borrower and Bank 
(“Corporate Credit Card Agreement”), which credit accommodations are 
guaranteed by this Guaranty;
 
(b) Guarantor is a corporation, duly incorporated and validly existing and 
in good standing under the laws of Idaho, U.S.A, and is qualified or 
licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, 
if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or 
licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so 
licensed could have a material adverse effect on Guarantor;
 
(c) the execution and performance of this Guaranty has been properly 
approved and authorized by resolutions of Guarantor’s directors and sole 
shareholder to the extent as may be required by applicable law and 
Guarantor’s corporate governing and authorization documents, and does not 
contravene the articles of incorporation and/or the bylaws (or the 
equivalent corporate documents) of the Guarantor or any provision of any 
applicable law, statute, decree, rule or regulation or any order, judgment, 
injunction, resolution, determination or award of any court, or any 
judicial, administrative or governmental authority or organization or any 
provision of any agreement or document to which Guarantor is a party or 
obligation which is binding on Guarantor or any of Guarantor’s assets;
 
(d) this Guaranty and each and every other document executed by Guarantor 
in connection therewith have been duly executed on Guarantor’s behalf and 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Guarantor enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, and the execution and performance of all of such 
documents will not breach, conflict with or contravene any provisions of 
any law, statute, rule, regulation, agreement, indenture, undertaking, 
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other constitutional documentation or 
any other instrument binding upon Guarantor or on any of Guarantor’s assets 
or give cause for acceleration of any Indebtedness or result in the 
existence of or oblige Guarantor to create any lien or other security 
interest over all or any of its present or future revenues, assets or 
properties;
 
(e) Guarantor has the power to execute this Guaranty and to perform and 
discharge all duties and liabilities hereunder, and no limitation on 
Guarantor’s powers to borrow or guaranty will be exceeded as a result of 
providing this Guaranty and the obligations and liabilities of the 
Guarantor hereunder constitute the direct, unconditional and general 
obligations of the Guarantor and rank at least pari passu and rateably with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and 
liabilities of the Guarantor except obligations and liabilities that are 
mandatorily preferred by law;
 
(f) Guarantor is not insolvent under any applicable insolvency laws and is 
able to pay and discharge all debts and other obligations when due;
 
(g) all licenses, consents and approvals of public, governmental and 
judicial authorities and agencies necessary for the Guarantor to enter into 
and perform and discharge its duties and liabilities under this Guaranty 
have been obtained and are in full force and effect, there has been no 
default in the compliance with the conditions or restrictions (if any) in 
connection therewith, as of the date of this Guaranty no further licenses, 
consents or approvals are required or necessary in relation thereto, and no 
approval, consent or authorization of, order, registration or license by, 
filing with, giving notice to, or taking any other action by or in respect 
of any governmental or regulatory authority or central bank or other 
fiscal, monetary or other authority is required in connection with the 
execution and delivery of, or performance of Guarantor’s obligations under, 
this Guaranty or for the validity, enforceability or admissibility in 
evidence of this Guaranty;
 
(h) no actions, claims, investigations, suits or proceedings by or before 
any governmental authority, arbitrator, court, tribunal or administrative 
agency which could or might have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition or operation of Guarantor is pending, or threatened against 
Guarantor or any of its assets, other than those disclosed to Bank in 
writing prior to the date hereof;
 
(i) Guarantor is not in default or in material breach under any provision, 
term or condition of any contract, agreement, or instrument to which 
Guarantor is a party, and there exists no condition, event or act which 
with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute 
such an event of default;
 
(j) the annual financial statement and audited consolidated financial 
statements of Guarantor dated September 30, 2009, and all interim financial 
statements delivered to Bank since said date, true copies of which have 
been delivered to Bank prior to the date hereof, (i) are complete and 
correct and present fairly the financial condition of Guarantor (ii) 
disclose all liabilities of Guarantor  that are required to be reflected or 
reserved against under generally accepted accounting principles, whether 
liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (iii) have been 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
consistently applied.  Since the dates of such financial statements there 
has been no material adverse change in the financial condition of 
Guarantor, or in any of the business or assets of the Guarantor or any of 
its subsidiaries since the date of such accounts, nor has Guarantor 
mortgaged, pledged, granted a security interest in or otherwise encumbered 
any of its assets or properties except in favor of Bank or as otherwise 
permitted by Bank in writing;
 
(k) all other financial and other information provided by Guarantor to the 
Bank is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading;
 
(l) this Guaranty is not subject to any registration, stamp, documentary or 
similar tax, and it is not necessary that this Guaranty be filed, recorded, 
registered or enrolled with any public, governmental or judicial authority 
or agency to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility 
in evidence of this Guaranty;
 
(m) this Guaranty is in proper form for its enforcement in the State of 
Idaho and constitutes legally binding obligations, duties and liabilities 
of Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its terms;
 
(n) neither Guarantor nor any of Guarantor’s assets has any right to claim 
any immunity in relation to itself or its assets under any law or in any 
jurisdiction in connection with any legal proceedings, set-off or 
counterclaim relating to this Guaranty, or in connection with the 
enforcement of any judgment or order arising from such proceedings;
 
(o) Guarantor is not entering into this Guaranty with intent to hinder, 
delay, or defraud any creditor of Guarantor.  Guarantor is not engaged in, 
or about to be engaged in, a business or a transaction for which 
Guarantor’s assets are unreasonably small in relation to such business or 
transaction.  Guarantor does not intend to incur, nor does Guarantor have 
any reason to believe that by entering into this Guaranty, it is incurring, 
debts beyond its ability to pay as they become due;
 
(p) there are no legal, administrative or regulatory requirements or 
restrictions which would limit the availability or transfer of foreign 
exchange for the payment by Guarantor to Bank of any amounts that may 
become due under this Guaranty;
 
(q) Bank has made no representation to Guarantor as to the creditworthiness 
of Borrower;
 
(r) Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining from Borrower on 
a continuing basis financial and other information pertaining to Borrower’s 
financial condition; and
 
(s) Guarantor agrees to keep adequately informed from such means of any 
facts, events or circumstances which might in any way affect Guarantor’s 
risks hereunder, and Guarantor further agrees that Bank shall have no 
obligation to disclose to Guarantor any information or material about 
Borrower which is acquired by Bank in any manner.
 
6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.  Without limiting anything contained herein, 
Guarantor hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that each and every 
affirmative covenant as contained and set forth in that certain Credit 
Agreement dated as of December 13, 2006, entered into by and among MWI 
Veterinary Supply Co., as borrower thereunder, Guarantor, and Memorial Pet 
Care, Inc, as guarantors thereunder, and Bank of America, N.A. and Wells 
Fargo Bank, N.A., as lender parties thereto (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Syndication Credit Agreement”), as the same may be amended, revised, 
amended and restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
time to time, and more specifically under Article VI thereof, and in the 
form and substance as such covenants appear in the Syndication Credit 
Agreement as of date hereof without any amendment or revision thereto, 
shall (as modified only to the extent necessary for applicability hereto), 
apply mutatis mutandis to this Guaranty, all of which affirmative covenants 
are hereby incorporated herein by this reference as if restated in the 
entirety, and Guarantor hereby repeats and adopts the same.  Guarantor 
covenants, agrees and undertakes that so long as Bank remains committed to 
extend credit to Borrower pursuant to the Sterling Revolving Facility Loan 
Agreement, the Loan Documents, and the Corporate Credit Card Agreement, or 
any liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) 
of Borrower to Bank under the Sterling Revolving Facility Loan Agreement, 
the Loan Documents, Corporate Credit Card Agreement and/or any other 
agreement, contract, instrument or document executed in connection 
therewith, remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations 
of Borrower subject thereto, all of the affirmative covenants as contained 
in Article VI of the Syndication Credit Agreement and incorporated herein 
by reference as aforementioned shall remain valid, binding and enforceable 
against Guarantor hereunder and shall survive any termination or 
cancellation of the Syndication Credit Agreement notwithstanding any 
termination or cancellation thereof; provided however, that, for purposes 
of this Guaranty, all references to five (5)-day periods in the Syndication 
Credit Agreement with respect to financial reporting requirements shall 
mean and be ten (10)-day periods.  For all intents and purposes of this 
Guaranty, any reference to “Loan Party” in the Syndication Credit Agreement 
shall mean and refer to the Guarantor referenced hereunder.
 
7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.  Without limiting anything contained herein, 
Guarantor hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that each and every 
negative covenant as contained and set forth in the Syndication Credit 
Agreement, and more specifically under Article VII thereof, and in the form 
and substance as such covenants appear in the Syndication Credit Agreement 
as of date hereof without any amendment or revision thereto, shall (as 
modified only to the extent necessary for applicability hereto), apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Guaranty, all of which negative covenants are 
hereby incorporated herein by this reference as if restated in the 
entirety, and Guarantor hereby repeats and adopts the same.  Guarantor 
covenants, agrees and undertakes that so long as Bank remains committed to 
extend credit to Borrower pursuant to the Sterling Revolving Facility Loan 
Agreement, the Loan Documents, and the Corporate Credit Card Agreement, or 
any liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) 
of Borrower to Bank under the Sterling Revolving Facility Loan Agreement, 
the Loan Documents, Corporate Credit Card Agreement and/or any other 
agreement, contract, instrument or document executed in connection 
therewith, remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations 
of Borrower subject thereto, all of the negative covenants as contained in 
Article VII of the Syndication Credit Agreement and incorporated herein by 
reference as aforementioned shall remain valid, binding and enforceable 
against Guarantor hereunder and shall survive any termination or 
cancellation of the Syndication Credit Agreement notwithstanding any 
termination or cancellation thereof.
 
8. GUARANTOR’S WAIVERS.
 
(a) Guarantor waives any right to require Bank to: (i) proceed against 
Borrower or any other person; (ii) marshal assets or proceed against or 
exhaust any security held from Borrower or any other person; (iii) give 
notice of the terms, time and place of any public or private sale or other 
disposition of personal property security held from Borrower or any other 
person; (iv) take any other action or pursue any other remedy in Bank’s 
power; or (v) make any presentment or demand for performance, or give any 
notice of nonperformance, protest, notice of protest or notice of dishonor 
hereunder or in connection with any obligations or evidences of 
indebtedness held by Bank as security for or which constitute in whole or 
in part the Indebtedness guaranteed hereunder, or in connection with the 
creation of new or additional Indebtedness.
 
(b) Guarantor waives any defense to its obligations hereunder based upon or 
arising by reason of: (i) any disability or other defense of Borrower or 
any other person; (ii) the cessation or limitation from any cause 
whatsoever, other than payment in full, of the Indebtedness of Borrower or 
any other person; (iii) any lack of authority of any officer, director, 
partner, agent or any other person acting or purporting to act on behalf of 
Borrower which is a corporation, partnership or other type of entity, or 
any defect in the formation of any such Borrower; (iv) the application by 
Borrower of the proceeds of any Indebtedness for purposes other than the 
purposes represented by Borrower to, or intended or understood by, Bank or 
Guarantor; (v) any act or omission by Bank which directly or indirectly 
results in or aids the discharge of Borrower or any portion of the 
Indebtedness by operation of law or otherwise, or which in any way impairs 
or suspends any rights or remedies of Bank against Borrower; (vi) any 
impairment of the value of any interest in any security for the 
Indebtedness or any portion thereof, including without limitation, the 
failure to obtain or maintain perfection or recordation of any interest in 
any such security, the release of any such security without substitution, 
and/or the failure to preserve the value of, or to comply with applicable 
law in disposing of, any such security; (vii) any modification of the 
Indebtedness, in any form whatsoever, including any modification made after 
revocation hereof to any Indebtedness incurred prior to such revocation, 
and including without limitation the renewal, extension, acceleration or 
other change in time for payment of, or other change in the terms of, the 
Indebtedness or any portion thereof, including increase or decrease of the 
rate of interest thereon; or (viii) any requirement that Bank give any 
notice of acceptance of this Guaranty.  Until all Indebtedness shall have 
been paid in full, Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, and 
Guarantor waives any right to enforce any remedy which Bank now has or may 
hereafter have against Borrower or any other person, and waives any benefit 
of, or any right to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by 
Bank.  Guarantor further waives all rights and defenses Guarantor may have 
arising out of (A) any election of remedies by Bank, even though that 
election of remedies, such as a non-judicial foreclosure with respect to 
any security for any portion of the Indebtedness, destroys Guarantor’s 
rights of subrogation or Guarantor’s rights to proceed against Borrower for 
reimbursement, or (B) any loss of rights Guarantor may suffer by reason of 
any rights, powers or remedies of Borrower in connection with any 
anti-deficiency laws or any other laws limiting, qualifying or discharging  
Borrower’s Indebtedness, whether by operation of any applicable law, 
including without limitation, Idaho Code §45-1512 as from time to time 
amended, or otherwise, including any rights Guarantor may have to a fair 
market value hearing to determine the size of a deficiency following any 
foreclosure sale or other disposition of any real property security for any 
portion of the Indebtedness.
 
(c) To the extent Guarantor or any assets of Guarantor enjoy any right of 
immunity from suit, legal proceedings, set-off, counterclaim, attachment or 
execution under any law or in any jurisdiction, in aid of a judgment in 
respect of Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty, and if Guarantor or 
any assets of Guarantor should become entitled to any such right of 
immunity, then Guarantor hereby waives such right or rights and immunity.
 
9. BANK’S RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO GUARANTOR’S PROPERTY IN BANK’S POSSESSION. 
 In addition to all liens upon and rights of setoff against the monies, 
securities or other property of Guarantor given to Bank by law, Bank shall 
have a right of setoff with respect to Guarantor’s obligations hereunder 
against all monies, securities and other property of Guarantor now or 
hereafter in the possession of or on deposit with Bank, whether held in a 
general or special account or deposit or for safekeeping or otherwise, and 
every such lien and right of setoff may be exercised without notice to 
Guarantor.  No lien or right of setoff shall be deemed to have been waived 
by any act or conduct on the part of Bank, or by any neglect to exercise 
such right of setoff or to enforce such lien, or by any delay in so doing, 
and every right of setoff and lien shall continue in full force and effect 
until such right of setoff or lien is specifically waived or released by 
Bank in writing.
 
10. SUBORDINATION.  Any Indebtedness of Borrower now or hereafter held by 
Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the Indebtedness of Borrower to Bank.
 
11. REMEDIES; NO WAIVER.  All rights, powers and remedies of Bank hereunder 
are cumulative.  No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in exercising 
any right, power or remedy hereunder shall affect or operate as a waiver of 
such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any 
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power 
or remedy.  Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind by Bank of 
any breach of this Guaranty, or any such waiver of any provisions or 
conditions hereof, must be in writing and shall be effective only to the 
extent set forth in writing.
 
12. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.  Guarantor shall pay to Bank 
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, 
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (to include 
outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank’s in-house counsel), 
expended or incurred by Bank in connection with the enforcement of any of 
Bank’s rights, powers or remedies and/or the collection of any amounts 
which become due to Bank under this Guaranty, and the prosecution or 
defense of any action in any way related to this Guaranty, whether incurred 
at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, 
and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any 
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary 
proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) 
relating to Guarantor or any other person or entity.  All of the foregoing 
shall be paid by Guarantor with interest from the date of demand until paid 
in full at a rate per annum equal to the greater of ten percent (10%) or 
Bank’s Prime Rate in effect from time to time.
 
13. PAYMENTS; TAXES.
 
(a) Any and all payments by Guarantor hereunder to Bank shall be made free 
and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any and all present 
or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings of 
whatever nature imposed by any government, political subdivision, bank or 
taxing authority, and liabilities with respect thereto excluding (i) taxes 
imposed on or measured by Bank’s income or receipts or minimum tax in lieu 
thereof, branch profit taxes and franchise taxes, taxes imposed on or 
measured by Bank’s capital, large federal corporation tax levied or 
assessed against Bank or other taxes of general application imposed on Bank 
by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws 
of which Bank is organized or maintains a lending office or any other 
jurisdiction in which Bank transacts business, (ii) any tax that is imposed 
on amounts payable to the Bank pursuant to any law that is in effect at the 
time the Bank enters into this Agreement (or on amounts payable to any 
assignee, transferee, or participant in any Indebtedness or obligations 
under this Agreement (such person, a “Transferee”) pursuant to any law that 
is in the effect at the time that such Transferee acquires any interest in 
the Indebtedness or obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent 
that the transferor of such interest also was subject to such tax), (iii) 
any such tax attributable to the Bank or any Transferee failing to provide 
applicable Forms W-8 or any other documents legally required to establish 
an exemption from such taxes, and (iv) any U.S. federal tax imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, or 
any amended or successor version that is substantially comparable (all such 
excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and 
liabilities being hereinafter referred to as “Excluded Taxes” and all such 
non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and 
liabilities being hereinafter referred to as “Taxes”), unless such Taxes 
are required by law or the administration thereof to be deducted or 
withheld.  If Guarantor shall be required by law or the administration 
thereof to deduct or withhold any such Taxes, from or in respect of any 
amount payable hereunder, or Bank, including any of its assignees or 
transferees (each such entity, a “Party”) shall be required to deduct, 
withhold or remit any Taxes from or out of amounts received by it 
hereunder, then:
 
(i)  
the amount payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after 
making all required deductions, withholdings or remissions (including 
deductions, withholdings or remissions applicable to additional amounts 
paid under this paragraph), each Party shall receive an amount equal to the 
sum it would have received if no such deduction, withholding or remission 
were required to be made, and
 
(ii)  
Guarantor forthwith shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the 
relevant taxation or other authority in accordance with applicable law.
 
(b) Guarantor agrees to pay forthwith any present or future stamp or 
documentary taxes or any other excise, goods and services, sales or 
property taxes, charges or similar levies (all such taxes, charges and 
levies being herein referred to as “Other Taxes”) which arise from any 
payment made by Guarantor hereunder or from the execution, delivery or 
registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Guaranty.
 
(c) Without limiting Bank’s rights hereunder, in the event any taxes, 
levies, imposts, duties or other charges of whatever nature, other than 
Excluded Taxes, are assessed against Bank in connection with payments to 
Bank by Guarantor hereunder or otherwise in connection with this Guaranty, 
Guarantor shall pay when due and indemnify and hold Bank harmless from such 
charges, without reducing the net amount of such payments to be made to 
Bank below that amount which Bank would have received had such taxes or 
charges had not been assessed.
 
(d) Guarantor further agrees to indemnify each Party for the full amount of 
Taxes or Other Taxes not deducted or withheld or paid by Guarantor in 
accordance with any applicable law to the relevant taxation or other 
authority and any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the 
amounts payable by Guarantor under this Guaranty and paid by any Party, and 
any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising 
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not any such Taxes or Other 
Taxes were correctly or legally asserted.  Payment under this 
indemnification shall be made within 15 days from the date Bank makes 
written demand therefor.  A certificate as to the amount of such Taxes or 
Other Taxes and evidence of payment thereof submitted to Guarantor by Bank 
shall be prima facie evidence of the amount due from Guarantor to a Party.
 
(e) Guarantor shall furnish to Bank the original or a certified copy of a 
receipt evidencing any payment of Taxes or Other Taxes made by Guarantor as 
soon as such receipt becomes available, together with copies of the tax 
return or other report filed with respect to any such Taxes and/or Other 
Taxes promptly after such filing, and in any event within 15 days from date 
of receipt of Bank’s request therefor, accompanied by a certificate of the 
chief financial officer of Guarantor, which certificate shall indicate the 
amount of Taxes or Other Taxes, as the case may be, deducted or withheld by 
Guarantor in respect of payments made hereunder.
 
(f) If requested by Bank at any time, Guarantor shall cause this Guaranty 
to be registered, notarized or otherwise formalized to the extent at any 
time required by the applicable laws of England, the applicable laws of any 
province or other political subdivision of England or the applicable laws 
of any other country or other jurisdiction in which Guarantor now or in the 
future maintains any property or assets, and Guarantor shall pay, and 
indemnify and hold Bank harmless from, any liability for any stamp taxes or 
any registration, documentation or other types of fees, charges, taxes or 
fines in connection with any such registration, notarization or 
formalization.  Guarantor shall provide Bank with evidence of such 
registration within 45 days after Bank’s request for such evidence, which 
evidence shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.
 
(g) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement or obligation 
of Guarantor hereunder, the obligations of Guarantor under this Section 13 
shall survive the termination of this Guaranty and the payment of the 
Indebtedness.
 
14. JUDGMENT CURRENCY.  Guarantor acknowledges that the Indebtedness owing 
by Borrower to Bank and guaranteed by Guarantor hereunder may include 
amounts owing in currencies other than U.S. Dollars (Alternate 
Currencies”).  Regardless of whether any Indebtedness is with respect to 
advances made or is otherwise owing in any Alternate Currency, Guarantor 
shall make all payments due under this Guaranty in lawful money of the 
United States of America and in immediately available funds.  Guarantor 
acknowledges that availability (subject to all applicable conditions) of 
advances in Alternate Currencies is for the benefit of Borrower and 
Guarantor, and that all risks of currency fluctuations and other exchange 
exposure shall be for the account of the Borrower and Guarantor and not 
Bank.  Notwithstanding any judgment rendered in a currency other than 
United States Dollars and/or in the event that Bank obtains any judgment in 
Alternate Currencies, including without limitation, British Pounds, or 
other Alternative Currencies, in respect of any liability of Guarantor in 
U.S. dollars, Bank and Guarantor agree that the rate of exchange to be used 
to determine the amount of the judgment shall be the rate of exchange 
quoted by Bank as the rate at which Bank could purchase U.S. dollars with 
such Alternate Currencies Currency (after taking into account any premium 
and cost of exchange), on the banking day immediately prior to the day on 
which each payment on account of the judgment is received.  The liability 
of Guarantor in respect of any amount due in U.S. dollars shall, despite 
any judgment in the Alternate Currency, be discharged only to the extent 
that on the banking day following receipt of the payment or satisfaction of 
the judgment, Bank, through its bankers, is able to purchase U.S. dollars 
with such Alternate Currency.  If the amount of U.S. dollars purchased by 
Bank is less than the amount of U.S. dollars originally due to it, 
Guarantor agrees, as a separate and independent obligation of Guarantor, to 
indemnify Bank against such loss, the enforcement of which such obligation 
may not be impeded by Guarantor, and if the amount so purchased exceeds the 
sum originally due to Bank, Bank agrees to remit such excess to Guarantor.
 
15. SUCCESSORS; ASSIGNMENT.  This Guaranty shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, 
that Guarantor may not assign or transfer any of its interests or rights 
hereunder without Bank’s prior written consent.  Guarantor acknowledges 
that Bank has the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant 
participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, any Indebtedness 
of Borrower to Bank and any obligations with respect thereto, including 
this Guaranty.  In connection therewith, Bank may disclose all documents 
and information which Bank now has or hereafter acquires relating to 
Guarantor and/or this Guaranty, whether furnished by Borrower, Guarantor or 
otherwise.  Guarantor further agrees that Bank may disclose such documents 
and information to Borrower.
 
16. AMENDMENT.  This Guaranty may be amended or modified only in writing 
signed by Bank and Guarantor.
 
17. APPLICATION OF SINGULAR AND PLURAL.  In all cases where there is but a 
single Borrower, then all words used herein in the plural shall be deemed 
to have been used in the singular where the context and construction so 
require; and when there is more than one Borrower named herein, or when 
this Guaranty is executed by more than one Guarantor, the word “Borrowers” 
and the word “Guarantor” respectively shall mean all or any one or more of 
them as the context requires.
 
18. UNDERSTANDING WITH RESPECT TO WAIVERS; SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS.  
Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers set forth herein is 
made with Guarantor’s full knowledge of its significance and consequences, 
and that under the circumstances, the waivers are reasonable and not 
contrary to public policy or law.  If any waiver or other provision of this 
Guaranty shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable 
public policy or law, such waiver or other provision shall be ineffective 
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating 
the remainder of such waiver or other provision or any remaining provisions 
of this Guaranty.
 
19. GOVERNING LAW.  This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Idaho.  Without prejudice to 
Bank’s ability to enforce this Guaranty in any other proper jurisdiction, 
Guarantor irrevocably submits and attorns to the non-exclusive jurisdiction 
of the courts of such jurisdiction.  GUARANTOR WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT 
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, ANY RIGHT GUARANTOR MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE 
DOCTRINE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY 
PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS GUARANTY.
 
20. ARBITRATION.
 
(a) Arbitration.  The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to 
submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies 
between or among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, 
attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise, in 
any way arising out of or relating to this Guaranty and its negotiation, 
execution, collateralization, administration, repayment, modification, 
extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or 
termination.
 
(b) Governing Rules.  Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a 
location in Idaho selected by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”); 
(ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United 
States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in 
any of the documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the 
AAA, or such other administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, 
in accordance with the AAA’s commercial dispute resolution procedures, 
unless the claim or counterclaim is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of 
claimed interest, arbitration fees and costs in which case the arbitration 
shall be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s optional procedures for 
large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial dispute resolution 
procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex commercial 
disputes to be referred to herein, as applicable, as the “Rules”).  If 
there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the 
terms and procedures set forth herein shall control.  Any party who fails 
or refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party 
shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party in 
compelling arbitration of any dispute.  Nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections 
afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any similar applicable state law.
 
(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure.  The 
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) 
foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise 
self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as 
setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies 
such as replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a 
receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration 
proceeding.  This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or 
obligation of any party to submit any dispute to arbitration or reference 
hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of the actions 
detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.
 
(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers.  Any arbitration proceeding in 
which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by 
a single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not 
render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00.  Any dispute in which the 
amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority 
vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three 
arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and deliberations.  
The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in the State of Idaho or 
a neutral retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of Idaho, in 
either case with a minimum of ten years experience in the substantive law 
applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated.  The 
arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will 
give effect to the statutes of limitation in determining any claim.  In any 
arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents only or 
with a hearing at the arbitrator’s discretion) any pre-hearing motions 
which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or 
motions for summary adjudication.  The arbitrator shall resolve all 
disputes in accordance with the substantive law of Idaho and may grant any 
remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the 
scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective 
any award.  The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of 
all costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as 
the arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Idaho Rules of Civil Procedure or 
other applicable law.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator 
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  The institution and 
maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or 
ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, 
including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration 
if any other party contests such action for judicial relief.
 
(e) Discovery.  In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be permitted 
in accordance with the Rules.  All discovery shall be expressly limited to 
matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be 
completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date.  Any requests for 
an extension of the discovery periods, or any discovery disputes, will be 
subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the 
request for discovery is essential for the party’s presentation and that no 
alternative means for obtaining information is available.
 
(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations.  No party hereto shall be 
entitled to join or consolidate disputes by or against others in any 
arbitration, except parties who have executed this Guaranty or any other 
contract, instrument or document relating to any Indebtedness, or to 
include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or member of a 
class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public 
or in a private attorney general capacity.
 
(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees.  The arbitrator shall award all 
costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.
 
(h) Real Property Collateral.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, no dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if the dispute 
concerns indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, 
by any real property unless (i) the holder of the mortgage, lien or 
security interest specifically elects in writing to proceed with the 
arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or 
benefits that might accrue to them by virtue of the single action rule 
statute of Idaho, thereby agreeing that all indebtedness and obligations of 
the parties, and all mortgages, liens and security interests securing such 
indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully valid and enforceable.
 
(i) Miscellaneous.  To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the 
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any 
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with 
the AAA.  No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may 
disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures 
of information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business 
or by applicable law or regulation.  If more than one agreement for 
arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the 
arbitration provision most directly related to the documents between the 
parties or the subject matter of the dispute shall control.  This 
arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or expiration of 
any of the documents or any relationship between the parties.
 
21. JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS.  Without limiting anything contained 
herein, Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and 
its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the State 
of Idaho sitting in Ada County, and of the United States District Court of 
the District of Idaho, and any appellate court from any thereof (together, 
the “Court”), in any action or proceeding arising out of this Continuing 
Guaranty, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of 
the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims 
in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in 
such Idaho State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, in such federal court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final 
judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be 
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit or on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Continuing Guaranty shall affect 
any right that Bank may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding 
relating to this Continuing Guaranty against Guarantor or its properties in 
the courts of any jurisdiction.  Guarantor hereby agrees that service of 
all writs, processes and summonses in any suit, action or proceeding 
brought in such Court may be made upon James F. Cleary, Jr., President and 
Chief Executive Officer, MWI Veterinary Supply Co., presently located at 
651 S. Stratford Drive, Suite 100, Meridian, Idaho 83642 who is the duly 
appointed agent for Guarantor to accept service of all legal process issued 
in connection with the Indebtedness (the “Process Agent”).  Guarantor 
hereby irrevocably appoints the Process Agent its agent and true and lawful 
attorney-in-fact while any of the Guarantor’s obligations under this 
Guaranty remain unsatisfied, in its name, place and stead only to accept 
such service of any and all such writs, processes and summonses, and agrees 
that the failure of the Process Agent to give any notice of any such 
service of process to the Guarantor shall not impair or affect the validity 
of such service or of any judgment based thereon.  The Guarantor hereby 
further irrevocably consents to the service of process in any suit, action 
or proceeding in the above specified courts by the mailing thereof by Bank 
by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Guarantor at the 
address specified below the Guarantor’s signature on the signature page of 
this Guaranty.  Nothing herein shall in any way be deemed to limit the 
ability of Bank to serve any writs, processes or summonses in any other 
manner, as may be permitted by applicable law.  Guarantor irrevocably 
waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of 
the venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Guaranty brought in the Court, and also irrevocably waives any claim 
that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such Court has been 
bought in an inconvenient form.
 
22. FURTHER ASSURANCE.  Guarantor hereby undertakes to execute such further 
deeds and documents as the Bank may from time to time require to perfect 
the Bank’s rights under this Guarantee and to give effect and validity to 
the security hereby constituted which deeds and documents shall be prepared 
by or on behalf of the Bank at the cost of the Guarantor and shall contain 
such terms for the Bank’s benefit as it may reasonably require.
 
23. INDEMNITY.  Guarantor hereby undertakes to indemnify and keep 
indemnified the Bank in respect of all liabilities and losses of any nature 
and costs, charges and expenses properly incurred or suffered by it in the 
execution or the purported execution of any powers, authorities or 
discretions vested in it pursuant to this Guarantee and against all 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands in respect of any matter or thing 
done or omitted or in any way relating to the provisions of this Guarantee 
or occasioned by any breach by the Guarantor of any of its representations, 
warranties and covenants or other obligations to the Bank hereunder.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Guarantor has executed this Guaranty as 
of November 5, 2010.
 
MWI VETERINARY SUPPLY CO., an Idaho corporation
 
By:  /s/ Mary Pat Thompson                                                  
            
 
Name:  Mary Pat Thompson                                                    
          
 
Title:  SVP and CFO                                                         
     
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------