 EX-10.2 9 dex102.htm 2006 STOCK PLAN


 
Exhibit 10.2


ACELRX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
2006 STOCK PLAN
 
  	1. 	ESTABLISHMENT, AMENDMENT, PURPOSE AND TERM OF PLAN.


1.1     Establishment.  The AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan 
(the Plan) was established effective as of August 15, 2006.


1.2     Amendment.  The Plan was amended and restated on each of February 
1, 2008 and November 23, 2009, and on each such date, following the 
approval of the Board and stockholders of the Company.


1.3     Purpose.  The purpose of the Plan is to advance the interests of 
the Participating Company Group and its stockholders by providing an 
incentive to attract, retain and reward persons performing services for the 
Participating Company Group and by motivating such persons to contribute to 
the growth and profitability of the Participating Company Group. The 
Company intends that the Plan comply with Section 409A of the Code 
(including any amendments or replacements of such section), and the Plan 
shall be so construed.


1.4     Term of Plan.  The Plan shall continue in effect until its 
termination by the Board; provided, however, that all Awards shall be 
granted, if at all, within ten (10) years from the earlier of the date the 
Plan is adopted by the Board or the date the Plan is duly approved by the 
stockholders of the Company.
 
  	2. 	DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.


2.1     Definitions.  Whenever used herein, the following terms shall have 
their respective meanings set forth below:


(a)       Award means an Option or Stock Purchase Right granted under the 
Plan.


(b)       Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between 
the Company and a Participant setting forth the terms, conditions and 
restrictions of the Award granted to the Participant.


(c)       Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. If one or 
more Committees have been appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, 
Board also means such Committee(s).


(d)       Cause means, unless such term or an equivalent term is 
otherwise defined with respect to an Award by the Participants Award 
Agreement or written contract of employment or service, any of the 
following: (i) the Participants theft, dishonesty, willful misconduct, 
breach of fiduciary duty for personal profit, or falsification of any 
Participating Company documents or records; (ii) the Participants material 
failure to abide by a Participating Companys code of conduct or other 
policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to 
confidentiality and reasonable workplace conduct); (iii) the Participants

------------------------------------------------------------------------
unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction or diversion of any 
tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of a Participating 
Company (including, without limitation, the Participants improper use or 
disclosure of a Participating Companys confidential or proprietary 
information); (iv) any intentional act by the Participant which has a 
material detrimental effect on a Participating Companys reputation or 
business; (v) the Participants repeated failure or inability to perform 
any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from a Participating 
Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or 
inability; (vi) any material breach by the Participant of any employment or 
service agreement between the Participant and a Participating Company, 
which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement; or (vii) 
the Participants conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo 
contendere) of any criminal act involving fraud, dishonesty, 
misappropriation or moral turpitude, or which impairs the Participants 
ability to perform his or her duties with a Participating Company.


(e)       Change in Control means, unless such term or an equivalent term 
is otherwise defined with respect to an Award by the Participants Award 
Agreement or written contract of employment or service, the occurrence of 
any of the following:


(i)       an Ownership Change Event or a series of related Ownership Change 
Events (collectively, a Transaction) in which the stockholders of the 
Company immediately before the Transaction do not retain immediately after 
the Transaction, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership 
of shares of the Companys voting stock immediately before the Transaction, 
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of 
the total combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the 
Company or, in the case of an Ownership Change Event described in Section 
2.1(t)(iii), the entity to which the assets of the Company were transferred 
(the Transferee), as the case may be; or


(ii)       the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.


For purposes of the preceding sentence, indirect beneficial ownership shall 
include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the 
voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities 
which own the Company or the Transferee, as the case may be, either 
directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business 
entities. The Board shall have the right to determine whether multiple 
sales or exchanges of the voting securities of the Company or multiple 
Ownership Change Events are related, and its determination shall be final, 
binding and conclusive.


(f)       Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder.


(g)       Committee means the compensation committee or other committee 
of the Board duly appointed to administer the Plan and having such powers 
as shall be specified by the Board. Unless the powers of the Committee have 
been specifically limited, the Committee shall have all of the powers of 
the Board granted herein, including, without limitation, the power to amend 
or terminate the Plan at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan and any 
applicable limitations imposed by law.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(h)       Company means AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation, or any successor corporation thereto.


(i)       Consultant means a person engaged to provide consulting or 
advisory services (other than as an Employee or a Director) to a 
Participating Company, provided that the identity of such person, the 
nature of such services or the entity to which such services are provided 
would not preclude the Company from offering or selling securities to such 
person pursuant to the Plan in reliance on either the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 701 under the Securities Act or, if the 
Company is required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act, registration on a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the 
Securities Act.


(j)       Director means a member of the Board or of the board of 
directors of any other Participating Company.


(k)       Disability means the inability of the Participant, in the 
opinion of a qualified physician acceptable to the Company, to perform the 
major duties of the Participants position with the Participating Company 
Group because of the sickness or injury of the Participant.


(l)       Employee means any person treated as an employee (including an 
Officer or a Director who is also treated as an employee) in the records of 
a Participating Company and, with respect to any Incentive Stock Option 
granted to such person, who is an employee for purposes of Section 422 of 
the Code; provided, however, that neither service as a Director nor payment 
of a directors fee shall be sufficient to constitute employment for 
purposes of the Plan. The Company shall determine in good faith and in the 
exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased 
to be an Employee and the effective date of such individuals employment or 
termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of an 
individuals rights, if any, under the terms of the Plan as of the time of 
the Companys determination of whether or not the individual is an 
Employee, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding 
and conclusive as to such rights, if any, notwithstanding that the Company 
or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary 
determination as to such individuals status as an Employee.


(m)       Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.


(n)       Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a share 
of Stock or other property as determined by the Board, in its discretion, 
or by the Company, in its discretion, if such determination is expressly 
allocated to the Company herein, subject to the following:


(i)       If, on such date, the Stock is listed on a national or regional 
securities exchange or market system, the Fair Market Value of a share of 
Stock shall be the closing price of a share of Stock (or the mean of the 
closing bid and asked prices of a share of Stock if the Stock is so quoted 
instead) as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market, The Nasdaq SmallCap 
Market or such other national or regional securities exchange or market 
system
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
constituting the primary market for the Stock, as reported in The Wall 
Street Journal or such other source as the Company deems reliable. If the 
relevant date does not fall on a day on which the Stock has traded on such 
securities exchange or market system, the date on which the Fair Market 
Value shall be established shall be the last day on which the Stock was so 
traded prior to the relevant date, or such other appropriate day as shall 
be determined by the Board, in its discretion.


(ii)       If, on such date, the Stock is not listed on a national or 
regional securities exchange or market system, the Fair Market Value of a 
share of Stock shall be as determined by the Board in good faith without 
regard to any restriction other than a restriction which, by its terms, 
will never lapse, and subject to the applicable requirements, if any, of 
Section 409A of the Code and Section 260.140.50 of Title 10 of the 
California Code of Regulations.


(o)       Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to be (as set 
forth in the Award Agreement) and which qualifies as an incentive stock 
option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code.


(p)       Insider means an Officer, a Director of the Company or other 
person whose transactions in Stock are subject to Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act.


(q)       Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option not intended to be 
(as set forth in the Award Agreement) or which does not qualify as an 
Incentive Stock Option.


(r)       Officer means any person designated by the Board as an officer 
of the Company.


(s)       Option means a right granted under Section 6 to purchase Stock 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan. An Option may be either 
an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option.


(t)       Ownership Change Event means the occurrence of any of the 
following with respect to the Company: (i) the direct or indirect sale or 
exchange in a single or series of related transactions by the stockholders 
of the Company of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock of the 
Company; (ii) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is a party; or 
(iii) the sale, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company.


(u)       Parent Corporation means any present or future parent 
corporation of the Company, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.


(v)       Participant means any eligible person who has been granted one 
or more Awards.


(w)       Participating Company means the Company or any Parent 
Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(x)       Participating Company Group means, at any point in time, all 
entities collectively which are then Participating Companies.


(y)       Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, as amended 
from time to time, or any successor rule or regulation.


(z)       Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


(aa)       Service means a Participants employment or service with the 
Participating Company Group, whether in the capacity of an Employee, a 
Director or a Consultant. A Participants Service shall not be deemed to 
have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the 
Participant renders Service to the Participating Company Group or a change 
in the Participating Company for which the Participant renders such 
Service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the 
Participants Service. Furthermore, a Participants Service shall not be 
deemed to have terminated if the Participant takes any military leave, sick 
leave, or other bona fide leave of absence approved by the Company. 
However, if any such leave taken by a Participant exceeds ninety (90) days, 
then on the ninety-first (91st) day following the commencement of such 
leave the Participants Service shall be deemed to have terminated, unless 
the Participants right to return to Service is guaranteed by statute or 
contract. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise designated by the 
Company or required by law, a leave of absence shall not be treated as 
Service for purposes of determining vesting under the Participants Award 
Agreement. Except as otherwise provided by the Board, in its discretion, 
the Participants Service shall be deemed to have terminated either upon an 
actual termination of Service or upon the corporation for which the 
Participant performs Service ceasing to be a Participating Company. Subject 
to the foregoing, the Company, in its discretion, shall determine whether 
the Participants Service has terminated and the effective date of and 
reason for such termination.


(bb)       Stock means the common stock of the Company, as adjusted from 
time to time in accordance with Section 4.2.


(cc)       Stock Purchase Right means a right granted under Section 7 to 
purchase Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan.


(dd)       Subsidiary Corporation means any present or future subsidiary 
corporation of the Company, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.


(ee)       Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who, at the time an 
Award is granted to such person, owns stock possessing more than ten 
percent (10%) of the total combined voting power (as defined in Section 
194.5 of the California Corporations Code) of all classes of stock of a 
Participating Company within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code.


2.2     Construction.  Captions and titles contained herein are for 
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any 
provision of the Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the 
singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the 
singular. Use of the term or is not intended to be exclusive, unless the 
context clearly requires otherwise.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
  	3. 	ADMINISTRATION.

3.1     Administration by the Board.  The Plan shall be administered by the 
Board. All questions of interpretation of the Plan or of any Award shall be 
determined by the Board, and such determinations shall be final and binding 
upon all persons having an interest in the Plan or such Award.


3.2     Authority of Officers.  Any Officer shall have the authority to act 
on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, 
determination or election which is the responsibility of or which is 
allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent 
authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, determination or 
election.


3.3     Powers of the Board.  In addition to any other powers set forth in 
the Plan and subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall have 
the full and final power and authority, in its discretion:


(a)       to determine the persons to whom, and the time or times at which, 
Awards shall be granted and the number of shares of Stock to be subject to 
each Award;


(b)       to designate Options as Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory 
Stock Options;


(c)       to determine the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock or other 
property;


(d)       to determine the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to 
each Award (which need not be identical) and any shares acquired upon the 
exercise thereof, including, without limitation, (i) the exercise price of 
the Award, (ii) the method of payment for shares purchased upon the 
exercise of the Award, (iii) the method for satisfaction of any tax 
withholding obligation arising in connection with the Award or such shares, 
including by the withholding or delivery of shares of stock, (iv) the 
timing, terms and conditions of the exercisability of the Award or the 
vesting of any shares acquired upon the exercise thereof, (v) the time of 
the expiration of the Award, (vi) the effect of the Participants 
termination of Service on any of the foregoing, and (vii) all other terms, 
conditions and restrictions applicable to the Award or such shares not 
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan;


(e)       to approve one or more forms of Award Agreement;


(f)       to amend, modify, extend, cancel or renew any Award or to waive 
any restrictions or conditions applicable to any Award or any shares 
acquired upon the exercise thereof;


(g)       to accelerate, continue, extend or defer the exercisability of 
any Award or the vesting of any shares acquired upon the exercise thereof, 
including with respect to the period following a Participants termination 
of Service;


(h)       to prescribe, amend or rescind rules, guidelines and policies 
relating to the Plan, or to adopt supplements to, or alternative versions 
of, the Plan, including,
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
without limitation, as the Board deems necessary or desirable to comply 
with the laws of, or to accommodate the tax policy or custom of, foreign 
jurisdictions whose citizens may be granted Awards; and


(i)       to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any 
inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement and to make all other 
determinations and take such other actions with respect to the Plan or any 
Award as the Board may deem advisable to the extent not inconsistent with 
the provisions of the Plan or applicable law.


3.4     Administration with Respect to Insiders.  With respect to 
participation by Insiders in the Plan, at any time that any class of equity 
security of the Company is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the 
Exchange Act, the Plan shall be administered in compliance with the 
requirements, if any, of Rule 16b-3.


3.5     Indemnification.  In addition to such other rights of 
indemnification as they may have as members of the Board or officers or 
employees of the Participating Company Group, members of the Board and any 
officers or employees of the Participating Company Group to whom authority 
to act for the Board or the Company is delegated shall be indemnified by 
the Company against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, 
actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any 
action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein, to 
which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or 
failure to act under or in connection with the Plan, or any right granted 
hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof 
(provided such settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected 
by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such 
action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it 
shall be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such person is 
liable for gross negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct in duties; 
provided, however, that within sixty (60) days after the institution of 
such action, suit or proceeding, such person shall offer to the Company, in 
writing, the opportunity at its own expense to handle and defend the same.
 
  	4. 	SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN.


4.1     Maximum Number of Shares Issuable.  Subject to adjustment as 
provided in Section 4.2, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock 
that may be issued under the Plan shall be Eight Million Three Hundred 
Seventy-Two Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Seven (8,372,237) which shall 
consist of authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of Stock or any 
combination thereof. If an outstanding Award for any reason expires or is 
terminated or canceled or if shares of Stock are acquired upon the exercise 
of an Award subject to a Company repurchase option and are repurchased by 
the Company at the Participants exercise or purchase price, the shares of 
Stock allocable to the unexercised portion of such Award or such 
repurchased shares of Stock shall again be available for issuance under the 
Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any such time as the offer and sale 
of securities pursuant to the Plan is subject to compliance with Section 
260.140.45 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations (Section 
260.140.45), the total number of shares of Stock issuable upon the 
exercise of all outstanding Awards (together with options outstanding under 
any other stock plan of the Company) and the total number of shares 
provided for under any stock bonus or similar plan of the Company shall not 
exceed thirty percent (30%) (or such other higher percentage
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
limitation as may be approved by the stockholders of the Company pursuant 
to Section 260.140.45) of the then outstanding shares of the Company as 
calculated in accordance with the conditions and exclusions of Section 
260.140.45.


4.2     Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure.  Subject to any 
required action by the stockholders of the Company, in the event of any 
change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the 
Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, 
reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock 
split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of 
shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of 
the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to 
the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (excepting 
normal cash dividends) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value 
of shares of Stock, appropriate and proportionate adjustments shall be made 
in the number and class of shares subject to the Plan and to any 
outstanding Awards, in the ISO Share Limit set forth in Section 5.3(a), and 
in the exercise or purchase price per share of any outstanding Awards in 
order to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants rights under the 
Plan. For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible 
securities of the Company shall not be treated as effected without receipt 
of consideration by the Company. If a majority of the shares which are of 
the same class as the shares that are subject to outstanding Awards are 
exchanged for, converted into, or otherwise become (whether or not pursuant 
to an Ownership Change Event) shares of another corporation (the New 
Shares), the Committee may unilaterally amend the outstanding Awards to 
provide that such Awards are for New Shares. In the event of any such 
amendment, the number of shares subject to, and the exercise or purchase 
price per share of, the outstanding Awards shall be adjusted in a fair and 
equitable manner as determined by the Committee, in its discretion. Any 
fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.2 
shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and the exercise price 
per share shall be rounded up to the nearest whole cent. In no event may 
the exercise price of any Award be decreased to an amount less than the par 
value, if any, of the stock subject to the Award. Such adjustments shall be 
determined by the Board, and its determination shall be final, binding and 
conclusive.
 
  	5. 	ELIGIBILITY AND OPTION LIMITATIONS.


5.1     Persons Eligible for Awards.  Awards may be granted only to 
Employees, Consultants and Directors.


5.2     Participation in Plan.  Awards are granted solely at the discretion 
of the Board. Eligible persons may be granted more than one Award. However, 
eligibility in accordance with this Section shall not entitle any person to 
be granted an Award, or, having been granted an Award, to be granted an 
additional Award.


5.3     Incentive Stock Option Limitations.


(a)       Maximum Number of Shares Issuable Pursuant to Incentive Stock 
Options. Subject to Section 4.1 and adjustment as provided in Section 4.2, 
the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued under 
the Plan pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options shall not 
exceed Seventeen Million (17,000,000) shares (the ISO
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Share Limit). The maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be 
issued under the Plan pursuant to all Awards other than Incentive Stock 
Options shall be the number of shares determined in accordance with Section 
4.1, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.2.


(b)       Persons Eligible.  An Incentive Stock Option may be granted only 
to a person who, on the effective date of grant, is an Employee. Any person 
who is not an Employee on the effective date of the grant of an Option to 
such person may be granted only a Nonstatutory Stock Option. An Incentive 
Stock Option granted to a prospective Employee upon the condition that such 
person become an Employee shall be deemed granted effective on the date 
such person commences Service as an Employee, with an exercise price 
determined as of such date in accordance with Section 6.1.


(c)       Fair Market Value Limitation.  To the extent that options 
designated as Incentive Stock Options (granted under all stock plans of the 
Participating Company Group, including the Plan) become exercisable by a 
Participant for the first time during any calendar year for stock having a 
Fair Market Value greater than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), the 
portions of such options which exceed such amount shall be treated as 
Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 5.3, options 
designated as Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the 
order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of stock shall 
be determined as of the time the option with respect to such stock is 
granted. If the Code is amended to provide for a different limitation from 
that set forth in this Section, such different limitation shall be deemed 
incorporated herein effective as of the date and with respect to such 
Options as required or permitted by such amendment to the Code. If an 
Option is treated as an Incentive Stock Option in part and as a 
Nonstatutory Stock Option in part by reason of the limitation set forth in 
this Section, the Participant may designate which portion of such Option 
the Participant is exercising. In the absence of such designation, the 
Participant shall be deemed to have exercised the Incentive Stock Option 
portion of the Option first. Separate certificates representing each such 
portion shall be issued upon the exercise of the Option.
 
  	6. 	TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS.


Options shall be evidenced by Award Agreements specifying the number of 
shares of Stock covered thereby, in such form as the Board shall from time 
to time establish. Award Agreements may incorporate all or any of the terms 
of the Plan by reference and shall comply with and be subject to the 
following terms and conditions:


6.1     Exercise Price.  The exercise price for each Option shall be 
established in the discretion of the Board; provided, however, that (a) the 
exercise price per share for an Option shall be not less than the Fair 
Market Value of a share of Stock on the effective date of grant of the 
Option and (b) no Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall have an 
exercise price per share less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 
Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the effective date of grant of the 
Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option (whether an Incentive 
Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option) may be granted with an 
exercise price lower than the minimum exercise price set forth above if 
such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for 
another option in a manner qualifying under the provisions of Section 
424(a) of the Code.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
6.2     Exercisability and Term of Options.  Options shall be exercisable 
at such time or times, or upon such event or events, and subject to such 
terms, conditions, performance criteria and restrictions as shall be 
determined by the Board and set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing 
such Option; provided, however, that (a) no Option shall be exercisable 
after the expiration of ten (10) years after the effective date of grant of 
such Option, (b) no Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent 
Stockholder shall be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years 
after the effective date of grant of such Option, and (c) with the 
exception of an Option granted to an Officer, a Director or a Consultant, 
no Option shall become exercisable at a rate less than twenty percent (20%) 
per year over a period of five (5) years from the effective date of grant 
of such Option, subject to the Participants continued Service. Subject to 
the foregoing, unless otherwise specified by the Board in the grant of an 
Option, any Option granted hereunder shall terminate ten (10) years after 
the effective date of grant of the Option, unless earlier terminated in 
accordance with its provisions.


6.3     Payment of Exercise Price.


(a)       Forms of Consideration Authorized.  Except as otherwise provided 
below, payment of the exercise price for the number of shares of Stock 
being purchased pursuant to any Option shall be made (i) in cash or by 
check or cash equivalent, (ii) by tender to the Company, or attestation to 
the ownership, of shares of Stock owned by the Participant having a Fair 
Market Value not less than the exercise price, (iii) by delivery of a 
properly executed notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker 
providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale or 
loan with respect to some or all of the shares being acquired upon the 
exercise of the Option (including, without limitation, through an exercise 
complying with the provisions of Regulation T as promulgated from time to 
time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) (a Cashless 
Exercise), (iv) by such other consideration as may be approved by the 
Board from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law, or (v) 
by any combination thereof. The Board may at any time or from time to time, 
by approval of or by amendment to the standard forms of Award Agreement 
described in Section 8, or by other means, grant Options which do not 
permit all of the foregoing forms of consideration to be used in payment of 
the exercise price or which otherwise restrict one or more forms of 
consideration.


(b)       Limitations on Forms of Consideration.


(i)       Tender of Stock.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may 
not be exercised by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, 
of shares of Stock to the extent such tender or attestation would 
constitute a violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or 
agreement restricting the redemption of the Companys stock. Unless 
otherwise provided by the Board, an Option may not be exercised by tender 
to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shares of Stock unless 
such shares either have been owned by the Participant for more than six (6) 
months (and were not used for another Option exercise by attestation during 
such period) or were not acquired, directly or indirectly, from the 
Company.


(ii)       Cashless Exercise.  The Company reserves, at any and all times, 
the right, in the Companys sole and absolute discretion, to establish, 
decline to approve or
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
terminate any program or procedures for the exercise of Options by means of 
a Cashless Exercise.


6.4     Effect of Termination of Service.


(a)       Option Exercisability.  Subject to earlier termination of the 
Option as otherwise provided by this Plan and unless a longer exercise 
period is provided by the Board in the grant of an Option and set forth in 
the Award Agreement, an Option shall terminate immediately upon the 
Participants termination of Service to the extent that it is then unvested 
and shall be exercisable after the Participants termination of Service to 
the extent it is then vested only during the applicable time period 
determined in accordance with this Section and thereafter shall terminate:


(i)       Disability.  If the Participants Service terminates because of 
the Disability of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised 
and exercisable on the date on which the Participants Service terminated, 
may be exercised by the Participant (or the Participants guardian or legal 
representative) at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months 
after the date on which the Participants Service terminated, but in any 
event no later than the date of expiration of the Options term as set 
forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Option (the Option Expiration 
Date).


(ii)       Death.  If the Participants Service terminates because of the 
death of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised and 
exercisable on the date on which the Participants Service terminated, may 
be exercised by the Participants legal representative or other person who 
acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Participants 
death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the 
date on which the Participants Service terminated, but in any event no 
later than the Option Expiration Date. The Participants Service shall be 
deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies 
within three (3) months (or such longer period of time as determined by the 
Board, in its discretion) after the Participants termination of Service.


(iii)       Termination for Cause.  Notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Plan to the contrary, if the Participants Service with the 
Participating Company Group is terminated for Cause, the Option shall 
terminate and cease to be exercisable immediately upon such termination of 
Service.


(iv)       Other Termination of Service.  If the Participants Service 
terminates for any reason, except Disability, death or Cause, the Option, 
to the extent unexercised and exercisable by the Participant on the date on 
which the Participants Service terminated, may be exercised by the 
Participant at any time prior to the expiration of three (3) months after 
the date on which the Participants Service terminated, but in any event no 
later than the Option Expiration Date.


(b)       Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing other than termination for Cause, if the exercise of an Option 
within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 6.4(a) is prevented 
by the provisions of Section 11 below, the Option shall remain exercisable 
until thirty (30) days after the date such exercise first would no
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
longer be prevented by such provisions, but in any event no later than the 
Option Expiration Date.


6.5     Transferability of Options.  During the lifetime of the 
Participant, an Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant or the 
Participants guardian or legal representative. No Option shall be 
assignable or transferable by the Participant, except by will or by the 
laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the 
extent permitted by the Board, in its discretion, and set forth in the 
Award Agreement evidencing such Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall 
be assignable or transferable subject to the applicable limitations, if 
any, described in Section 260.140.41 of Title 10 of the California Code of 
Regulations, Rule 701 under the Securities Act, and the General 
Instructions to Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act.
 
  	7. 	TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS.


Stock Purchase Rights shall be evidenced by Award Agreements, specifying 
the number of shares of Stock covered thereby, in such form as the Board 
shall from time to time establish. Award Agreements may incorporate all or 
any of the terms of the Plan by reference and shall comply with and be 
subject to the following terms and conditions:


7.1     Purchase Price.  The purchase price under each Stock Purchase Right 
shall be established by the Board; provided, however, that (a) the purchase 
price per share shall be at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the Fair 
Market Value of a share of Stock either on the effective date of grant of 
the Stock Purchase Right or on the date on which the purchase is 
consummated and (b) the purchase price per share under a Stock Purchase 
Right granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall be at least one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock either on the 
effective date of grant of the Stock Purchase Right or on the date on which 
the purchase is consummated.


7.2     Purchase Period.  A Stock Purchase Right shall be exercisable 
within a period established by the Board, which shall in no event exceed 
thirty (30) days from the effective date of the grant of the Stock Purchase 
Right.


7.3     Payment of Purchase Price.  Except as otherwise provided below, 
payment of the purchase price for the number of shares of Stock being 
purchased pursuant to any Stock Purchase Right shall be made (a) in cash or 
by check or cash equivalent, (b) in the form of the Participants past 
service rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit having a 
value not less than the aggregate purchase price of the shares being 
acquired, (c) by such other consideration as may be approved by the Board 
from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law, or (d) by any 
combination thereof. The Board may at any time or from time to time, by 
adoption of or by amendment to the standard form of Award Agreement 
described in Section 8, or by other means, grant Stock Purchase Rights 
which do not permit all of the foregoing forms of consideration to be used 
in payment of the purchase price or which otherwise restrict one or more 
forms of consideration.


7.4     Vesting and Restrictions on Transfer.  Shares issued pursuant to 
any Stock Purchase Right may or may not be made subject to vesting 
conditioned upon the
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
satisfaction of such Service requirements, conditions, restrictions or 
performance criteria (the Vesting Conditions) as shall be established by 
the Board and set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Award. 
During any period (the Restriction Period) in which shares acquired 
pursuant to a Stock Purchase Right remain subject to Vesting Conditions, 
such shares may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, assigned or 
otherwise disposed of other than pursuant to an Ownership Change Event or 
as provided in Section 7.5. Upon request by the Company, each Participant 
shall execute any agreement evidencing such transfer restrictions prior to 
the receipt of shares of Stock hereunder and shall promptly present to the 
Company any and all certificates representing shares of Stock acquired 
hereunder for the placement on such certificates of appropriate legends 
evidencing any such transfer restrictions.


7.5     Effect of Termination of Service.  Unless otherwise provided by the 
Board in the grant of a Stock Purchase Right and set forth in the Award 
Agreement, if a Participants Service terminates for any reason, whether 
voluntary or involuntary (including the Participants death or disability), 
then the Company shall have the option to repurchase for the purchase price 
paid by the Participant any shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to 
a Stock Purchase Right which remain subject to Vesting Conditions as of the 
date of the Participants termination of Service; provided, however, that 
with the exception of shares acquired pursuant to a Stock Purchase Right by 
an Officer, a Director or a Consultant, the Companys repurchase option 
must lapse at the rate of at least twenty percent (20%) of the shares per 
year over the period of five (5) years from the effective date of grant of 
the Stock Purchase Right (without regard to the date on which the Stock 
Purchase Right was exercised) and the repurchase option must be exercised, 
if at all, for cash or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness for the 
shares within ninety (90) days following the Participants termination of 
Service. The Company shall have the right to assign at any time any 
repurchase right it may have, whether or not such right is then 
exercisable, to one or more persons as may be selected by the Company.


7.6     Nontransferability of Stock Purchase Rights.  Rights to acquire 
shares of Stock pursuant to a Stock Purchase Right may not be assigned or 
transferred in any manner except by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution, and, during the lifetime of the Participant, shall be 
exercisable only by the Participant.
 
  	8. 	STANDARD FORMS OF AWARD AGREEMENTS.


8.1     Award Agreements.  Each Award shall comply with and be subject to 
the terms and conditions set forth in the appropriate form of Award 
Agreement approved by the Board and as amended from time to time. No Award 
or purported Award shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company 
unless evidenced by a fully executed Award Agreement. Any Award Agreement 
may consist of an appropriate form of Notice of Grant and a form of 
Agreement incorporated therein by reference, or such other form or forms, 
including electronic media, as the Committee may approve from time to time.


8.2     Authority to Vary Terms.  The Board shall have the authority from 
time to time to vary the terms of any standard form of Award Agreement 
either in connection with the grant or amendment of an individual Award or 
in connection with the authorization of a new standard form or forms; 
provided, however, that the terms and conditions of any such new,
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
revised or amended standard form or forms of Award Agreement are not 
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan.
 
  	9. 	CHANGE IN CONTROL.


9.1     Effect of Change in Control on Awards.


(a)     Accelerated Vesting.  The Board may, in its sole discretion, 
provide in any Award Agreement or, in the event of a Change in Control, may 
take such actions as it deems appropriate to provide for the acceleration 
of the exercisability and vesting in connection with such Change in Control 
of any or all outstanding Awards and shares acquired upon the exercise 
thereof upon such conditions, including termination of the Participants 
Service prior to, upon, or following such Change in Control, and to such 
extent as the Board shall determine.


(b)     Assumption or Substitution of Awards.  In the event of a Change in 
Control, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing corporation or 
other business entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the Acquiror
), may, without the consent of any Participant, either assume or continue 
the Companys rights and obligations under each or any Award or portion 
thereof outstanding immediately prior to the Change in Control or 
substitute for each or any such outstanding Award or portion thereof a 
substantially equivalent award for the Acquirors stock. For purposes of 
this Section, an Award shall be deemed assumed if, following the Change in 
Control, the Award confers the right to receive, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, for each share 
of Stock subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, 
the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a 
combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Stock on the effective 
date of the Change in Control was entitled; provided, however, that if such 
consideration is not solely common stock of the Acquiror, the Board may, 
with the consent of the Acquiror, provide for the consideration to be 
received upon the exercise of the Award, for each share of Stock subject to 
the Award, to consist solely of common stock of the Acquiror equal in Fair 
Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock 
pursuant to the Change in Control. Any Award or portions thereof which are 
neither assumed or continued by the Acquiror in connection with the Change 
in Control nor exercised as of the time of consummation of the Change in 
Control shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the 
time of consummation of the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, shares acquired upon exercise of an Award prior to the Change in 
Control and any consideration received pursuant to the Change in Control 
with respect to such shares shall continue to be subject to all applicable 
provisions of the Award Agreement evidencing such Award except as otherwise 
provided in such Award Agreement.


(c)     Cash-Out of Awards.  The Board may, in its sole discretion and 
without the consent of any Participant, determine that, upon the occurrence 
of a Change in Control, each or any Award outstanding immediately prior to 
the Change in Control shall be canceled in exchange for a payment with 
respect to each vested share (and each unvested share, if so determined by 
the Board) of Stock subject to such canceled Award in (i) cash, (ii) stock 
of the Company or of a corporation or other business entity a party to the 
Change in Control, or (iii) other property which, in any such case, shall 
be in an amount having a Fair Market Value
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
equal to the Fair Market Value of the consideration to be paid per share of 
Stock in the Change in Control over the exercise price per share under such 
Award (the Spread). In the event such determination is made by the Board, 
the Spread (reduced by applicable withholding taxes, if any) shall be paid 
to Participants in respect of their canceled Awards as soon as practicable 
following the date of the Change in Control and in respect of the unvested 
portion of their canceled Awards in accordance with the vesting schedule 
applicable to such Awards as in effect prior to the Change in Control.


9.2     Federal Excise Tax Under Section 4999 of the Code.


(a)     Excess Parachute Payment. In the event that any acceleration of 
vesting pursuant to an Award and any other payment or benefit received or 
to be received by a Participant would subject the Participant to any excise 
tax pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code due to the characterization of 
such acceleration of vesting, payment or benefit as an excess parachute 
payment under Section 280G of the Code, the Participant may elect, in his 
or her sole discretion, to reduce the amount of any acceleration of vesting 
called for under the Award in order to avoid such characterization.


(b)     Determination by Independent Accountants. To aid the Participant in 
making any election called for under Section 9.3(a), no later than the date 
of the occurrence of any event that might reasonably be anticipated to 
result in an excess parachute payment to the Participant as described in 
Section 9.3(a), the Company shall request a determination in writing by 
independent public accountants selected by the Company (the Accountants
). As soon as practicable thereafter, the Accountants shall determine and 
report to the Company and the Participant the amount of such acceleration 
of vesting, payments and benefits which would produce the greatest 
after-tax benefit to the Participant. For the purposes of such 
determination, the Accountants may rely on reasonable, good faith 
interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the 
Code. The Company and the Participant shall furnish to the Accountants such 
information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in 
order to make their required determination. The Company shall bear all fees 
and expenses the Accountants may reasonably charge in connection with their 
services contemplated by this Section 9.3(b).
 
  	10. 	TAX WITHHOLDING.


10.1     Tax Withholding in General.  The Company shall have the right to 
deduct from any and all payments made under the Plan, or to require the 
Participant, through payroll withholding, cash payment or otherwise, 
including by means of a Cashless Exercise of an Option, to make adequate 
provision for, the federal, state, local and foreign taxes, if any, 
required by law to be withheld by the Participating Company Group with 
respect to an Award or the shares acquired pursuant thereto. The Company 
shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Stock or to release shares of 
Stock from an escrow established pursuant to an Award Agreement until the 
Participating Company Groups tax withholding obligations have been 
satisfied by the Participant.


10.2     Withholding in Shares.  The Company shall have the right, but not 
the obligation, to deduct from the shares of Stock issuable to a 
Participant upon the exercise of an
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Award, or to accept from the Participant the tender of, a number of whole 
shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company, 
equal to all or any part of the tax withholding obligations of the 
Participating Company Group. The Fair Market Value of any shares of Stock 
withheld or tendered to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations shall 
not exceed the amount determined by the applicable minimum statutory 
withholding rates.
 
  	11. 	COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAW.


The grant of Awards and the issuance of shares of Stock upon exercise of 
Awards shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of 
federal, state and foreign law with respect to such securities. Awards may 
not be exercised if the issuance of shares of Stock upon exercise would 
constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign 
securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any 
stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed. In 
addition, no Award may be exercised unless (a) a registration statement 
under the Securities Act shall at the time of exercise of the Award be in 
effect with respect to the shares issuable upon exercise of the Award or 
(b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the shares issuable 
upon exercise of the Award may be issued in accordance with the terms of an 
applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having 
jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Companys legal counsel 
to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder 
shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to 
issue or sell such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not 
have been obtained. As a condition to the exercise of any Award, the 
Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may 
be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law 
or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect 
thereto as may be requested by the Company.
 
  	12. 	AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN.


The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. However, 
subject to changes in applicable law, regulations or rules that would 
permit otherwise, without the approval of the Companys stockholders, there 
shall be (a) no increase in the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock 
that may be issued under the Plan (except by operation of the provisions of 
Section 4.2), (b) no change in the class of persons eligible to receive 
Incentive Stock Options, and (c) no other amendment of the Plan that would 
require approval of the Companys stockholders under any applicable law, 
regulation or rule, including the rules of any stock exchange or market 
system upon which the Stock may then be listed. No amendment, suspension or 
termination of the Plan shall affect any then outstanding Award unless 
expressly provided by the Board. Except as provided by the next sentence, 
no amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan may adversely affect 
any then outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Board 
may, in its sole and absolute discretion and without the consent of any 
participant, amend the Plan or any Award Agreement, to take effect 
retroactively or otherwise, as it deems necessary or advisable for the 
purpose of conforming the Plan or such Award Agreement to any present or 
future law, regulation or rule applicable to the Plan, including, but not 
limited to, Section 409A of the Code.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
  	13. 	MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.


13.1     Repurchase Rights.  Shares issued under the Plan may be subject to 
a right of first refusal, one or more repurchase options, or other 
conditions and restrictions as determined by the Board in its discretion at 
the time the Award is granted. The Company shall have the right to assign 
at any time any repurchase right it may have, whether or not such right is 
then exercisable, to one or more persons as may be selected by the Company. 
Upon request by the Company, each Participant shall execute any agreement 
evidencing such transfer restrictions prior to the receipt of shares of 
Stock hereunder and shall promptly present to the Company any and all 
certificates representing shares of Stock acquired hereunder for the 
placement on such certificates of appropriate legends evidencing any such 
transfer restrictions.


13.2     Provision of Information.  At least annually, copies of the 
Companys balance sheet and income statement for the just completed fiscal 
year shall be made available to each Participant and purchaser of shares of 
Stock upon the exercise of an Award. The Company shall not be required to 
provide such information to key employees whose duties in connection with 
the Company assure them access to equivalent information. Furthermore, the 
Company shall deliver to each Participant such disclosures as are required 
in accordance with Rule 701 under the Securities Act.


13.3     Rights as Employee, Consultant or Director.  No person, even 
though eligible pursuant to Section 5, shall have a right to be selected as 
a Participant, or, having been so selected, to be selected again as a 
Participant. Nothing in the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan shall 
confer on any Participant a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or 
Director or interfere with or limit in any way any right of a Participating 
Company to terminate the Participants Service at any time. To the extent 
that an Employee of a Participating Company other than the Company receives 
an Award under the Plan, that Award shall in no event be understood or 
interpreted to mean that the Company is the Employees employer or that the 
Employee has an employment relationship with the Company.


13.4     Rights as a Stockholder.  A Participant shall have no rights as a 
stockholder with respect to any shares covered by an Award until the date 
of the issuance of such shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on 
the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the 
Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other 
rights for which the record date is prior to the date such shares are 
issued, except as provided in Section 4.2 or another provision of the Plan.


13.5     Fractional Shares.  The Company shall not be required to issue 
fractional shares upon the exercise or settlement of any Award.


13.6     Retirement and Welfare Plans.  Neither Awards made under this Plan 
nor shares of Stock or cash paid pursuant to such Awards shall be included 
as compensation for purposes of computing the benefits payable to any 
Participant under any Participating Companys retirement plans (both 
qualified and non-qualified) or welfare benefit plans unless such other 
plan expressly provides that such compensation shall be taken into account 
in computing such benefits.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
13.7     Severability.  If any one or more of the provisions (or any part 
thereof) of this Plan shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in 
any respect, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal 
and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the 
remaining provisions (or any part thereof) of the Plan shall not in any way 
be affected or impaired thereby.


13.8     No Constraint on Corporate Action.  Nothing in this Plan shall be 
construed to: (a) limit, impair, or otherwise affect the Companys or 
another Participating Companys right or power to make adjustments, 
reclassifications, reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business 
structure, or to merge or consolidate, or dissolve, liquidate, sell, or 
transfer all or any part of its business or assets; or (b) limit the right 
or power of the Company or another Participating Company to take any action 
which such entity deems to be necessary or appropriate.


13.9     Choice of Law.  Except to the extent governed by applicable 
federal law, the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of 
the Plan and each Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of California, without regard to its conflict of law rules.


13.10     Stockholder Approval.  The Plan or any increase in the maximum 
aggregate number of shares of Stock issuable thereunder as provided in 
Section 4.1 (the Authorized Shares) shall be approved by a majority of 
the outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote within twelve 
(12) months before or after the date of adoption thereof by the Board. 
Awards granted prior to security holder approval of the Plan or in excess 
of the Authorized Shares previously approved by the security holders shall 
become exercisable no earlier than the date of security holder approval of 
the Plan or such increase in the Authorized Shares, as the case may be.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
PLAN HISTORY


August 15, 2006           Board adopts Plan, with an initial reserve of 
1,368,000 shares.


August 15, 2006           Stockholders of the Company approve Plan.


February 1, 2008         Board amends the Plan, increasing the reserve to 
2,868,000 shares.


February 1, 2008         Stockholders of the Company approve the amendment 
to the Plan.


November 23, 2009     Board amends the Plan, increasing the reserve to 
8,372,237 shares.


November 23, 2009     Stockholders of the Company approve Plan.