 EX-10.45 5 ex10_45.htm EXHIBIT 10.45
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.45
FIRST AMENDMENT
TO THE
EMPLOYMENT AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

The Sheridan Group, Inc. (the "Employer") and John A. Saxton (the 
"Employee") wish to amend the Amended and Restated Employee's Employment 
and Non-Competition Agreement (the "Employment Agreement"), dated April 1, 
2007, to bring the Employment Agreement into compliance with the 
requirements of Internal Revenue Code section 409A and the Treasury 
Regulations and other authoritative guidance issued under that section.

WHEREAS, no payments of deferred compensation subject to Code section 409A 
have been made from the Employee's Employment Agreement (originally 
effective February 2, 1998, and amended April 1, 2000), and the Parties 
have been in operational compliance with Code section 409A since January 1, 
2005.

WHEREAS, pursuant to IRS Notice 2007-86 and the final Treasury Regulations 
under Code section 409A, the Employment Agreement is being amended to 
comply with the final Treasury Regulations issued under Code section 409A.

Accordingly, effective April 1, 2007, the Employment Agreement is amended 
as follows:

1.  The second sentence of the first paragraph of Section 6(e)(iii) is 
amended by deleting the phrase that appears in brackets (i.e., by deleting 
"[or less than fifty percent (50%), if the Employee becomes an independent 
contractor]").

2.  Section 10(g) – Arbitration of Disputes – is amended by adding the 
following sentence to the end of that Section:

"Any reimbursement of reasonable fees and expenses under this Section shall 
be paid by the Employer to the Employee by the March 15 following the end 
of the year during which the Employee prevails in the dispute giving rise 
to such reimbursement."

In all other respects, the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force 
and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment to be duly 
executed, effective as specified herein.

ATTEST/WITNESS:
  	
THE SHERIDAN GROUP, INC.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	/s/ Dale A. Tepp 	  	  	/s/ Robert M. Jakobe
  	  	  	  	 
Print Name: 
Dale A. Tepp
  	
Print Name:
Robert M. Jakobe
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	/s/ Dale A. Tepp 	  	/s/ John A. Saxton
  	  	  	
John A. Saxton
Print Name:
Dale A. Tepp
  	  	 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------