 EX-10.2 3 f57313exv10w2.htm EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2


GUARANTY OF PAYMENT

          GUARANTY OF PAYMENT (this Guaranty), made as of November 10, 
2010, by AMB PROPERTY CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation, having an 
address at Pier 1, Bay 1, San Francisco, California 94111 (Guarantor), 
for the benefit of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and 
J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED, as Administrative Agent (collectively, the 
Administrative Agent) for the banks (the Banks) that are from time to 
time parties to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement (the Credit Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, among AMB 
Property, L.P. (the Borrower), the banks listed on the signature pages 
thereof, the Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication 
Agent, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & 
Smith Incorporated, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, PNC 
Bank, NA, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as 
Documentation Agents, and Compass Bank, US Bank, NA and Union Bank, N.A., 
as Managing Agents.


W I T N E S S E T H:

          WHEREAS, the Banks have agreed to make loans to Borrower in the 
aggregate principal amount not to exceed Six Hundred Million Dollars 
($600,000,000) or, in the event that Borrower exercises its rights pursuant 
to Section 9.19 of the Credit Agreement, Eight Hundred Million Dollars 
($800,000,000) (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Loans);

          WHEREAS, the Loans are and will be evidenced by (i) certain 
promissory notes of Borrower made to each of the Banks, (ii) certain 
promissory notes of Borrower made to each of the Designated Lenders, and 
(iii) certain promissory notes of one or more Qualified Borrowers made to 
each of the Banks, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Credit 
Agreement (collectively, the Notes);

          WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement and the Notes and any other 
documents executed in connection therewith are hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the Loan Documents;

          WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined 
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement;

          WHEREAS, Guarantor is the sole general partner of Borrower;

          WHEREAS, Borrower has executed the Qualified Borrower Guaranty as 
contemplated by the Credit Agreement;

          WHEREAS, as a condition to the execution and delivery of the Loan 
Documents, the Banks have required that Guarantor execute and deliver this 
Guaranty of Payment; and

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the benefits 
to be derived from the making of the Loans by the Banks to Borrower and 
Qualified Borrowers, and in order to induce the Administrative Agent, the 
Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers and 
Joint Bookmanagers, the Managing Agents and the Banks to enter into

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:

          1. Guarantor, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, 
hereby irrevocably, absolutely and unconditionally guarantees the full and 
punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity or otherwise, of all 
Obligations of Borrower now or hereafter existing under the Notes and the 
Credit Agreement, including in the event that the Borrower exercises its 
rights under the Credit Agreement to increase the Facility Amount and 
including those Obligations of Borrower under the Qualified Borrower 
Guaranty, for principal and/or interest as well as any and all other 
amounts due thereunder, including, without limitation, all indemnity 
obligations of Borrower thereunder, and any and all reasonable costs and 
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and 
disbursements) incurred by the Administrative Agent and/or the Banks in 
enforcing their rights under this Guaranty (all of the foregoing 
obligations being the Guaranteed Obligations).

          2. It is agreed that the Guaranteed Obligations of Guarantor 
hereunder are primary and this Guaranty shall be enforceable against 
Guarantor and its successors and assigns without the necessity for any suit 
or proceeding of any kind or nature whatsoever brought by the 
Administrative Agent or any of the Banks against Borrower or its respective 
successors or assigns or any other party or against any security for the 
payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations and without the 
necessity of any notice of non-payment or non-observance or of any notice 
of acceptance of this Guaranty or of any notice or demand to which 
Guarantor might otherwise be entitled (including, without limitation, 
diligence, presentment, notice of maturity, extension of time, change in 
nature or form of the Guaranteed Obligations, acceptance of further 
security, release of further security, imposition or agreement arrived at 
as to the amount of or the terms of the Guaranteed Obligations, notice of 
adverse change in Borrowers financial condition and any other fact which 
might materially increase the risk to Guarantor), all of which Guarantor 
hereby expressly waives; and Guarantor hereby expressly agrees that the 
validity of this Guaranty and the obligations of Guarantor hereunder shall 
in no way be terminated, affected, diminished, modified or impaired by 
reason of the assertion of or the failure to assert by the Administrative 
Agent or any of the Banks against Borrower or its respective successors or 
assigns, any of the rights or remedies reserved to the Administrative Agent 
or any of the Banks pursuant to the provisions of the Loan Documents. 
Guarantor agrees that any notice or directive given at any time to the 
Administrative Agent or any of the Banks which is inconsistent with the 
waiver in the immediately preceding sentence shall be void and may be 
ignored by the Administrative Agent and the Banks, and, in addition, may 
not be pleaded or introduced as evidence in any litigation relating to this 
Guaranty for the reason that such pleading or introduction would be at 
variance with the written terms of this Guaranty, unless the Administrative 
Agent has specifically agreed otherwise in a writing, signed by a duly 
authorized officer. Guarantor specifically acknowledges and agrees that the 
foregoing waivers are of the essence of this transaction and that, but for 
this Guaranty and such waivers, the Administrative Agent and the Banks 
would not make the requested Loan to the Borrower.

          3. Guarantor waives, and covenants and agrees that it will not at 
any time insist upon, plead or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the 
benefit or advantage of, any and all appraisal, valuation, stay, extension, 
marshaling-of-assets or redemption laws, or right of

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

homestead or exemption, whether now or at any time hereafter in force, 
which may delay, prevent or otherwise affect the performance by Guarantor 
of its obligations under, or the enforcement by the Administrative Agent or 
any of the Banks of, this Guaranty. Guarantor further covenants and agrees 
not to set up or claim any defense, counterclaim, offset, setoff or other 
objection of any kind to any action, suit or proceeding in law, equity or 
otherwise, or to any demand or claim that may be instituted or made by the 
Administrative Agent or any of the Banks other than the defense of the 
actual timely payment and performance by Borrower of the Guaranteed 
Obligations hereunder; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be 
deemed a waiver of Guarantors right to assert any compulsory counterclaim, 
if such counterclaim is compelled under local law or rule of procedure, nor 
shall the foregoing be deemed a waiver of Guarantors right to assert any 
claim which would constitute a defense, setoff, counterclaim or crossclaim 
of any nature whatsoever against Administrative Agent or any Bank in any 
separate action or proceeding. Guarantor represents, warrants and agrees 
that, as of the date hereof, its obligations under this Guaranty are not 
subject to any counterclaims, offsets or defenses against the 
Administrative Agent or any Bank of any kind.

          4. The provisions of this Guaranty are for the benefit of the 
Administrative Agent and the Banks and their successors and permitted 
assigns, and nothing herein contained shall impair as between Borrower and 
the Administrative Agent and the Banks the obligations of Borrower under 
the Loan Documents.

          5. This Guaranty shall be a continuing, unconditional and 
absolute guaranty and the liability of Guarantor hereunder shall in no way 
be terminated, affected, modified, impaired or diminished by reason of the 
happening, from time to time, of any of the following, all without notice 
or the further consent of Guarantor:

     (a) any assignment, amendment, modification or waiver of or change in 
any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of any of the 
Guaranteed Obligations or the Loan Documents or the invalidity or 
unenforceability of any of the foregoing; or

     (b) any extension of time that may be granted by the Administrative 
Agent to Borrower, any guarantor, or their respective successors or 
assigns, heirs, executors, administrators or personal representatives; or

     (c) any action which the Administrative Agent may take or fail to take 
under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents or by reason of any waiver 
of, or failure to enforce any of the rights, remedies, powers or privileges 
available to the Administrative Agent under this Guaranty or available to 
the Administrative Agent at law, equity or otherwise, or any action on the 
part of the Administrative Agent granting indulgence or extension in any 
form whatsoever; or

     (d) any sale, exchange, release, or other disposition of any property 
pledged, mortgaged or conveyed, or any property in which the Administrative 
Agent and/or the Banks have been granted a lien or security interest to 
secure any indebtedness of Borrower to the Administrative Agent and/or the 
Banks; or

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (e) any release of any person or entity who may be liable in any 
manner for the payment and collection of any amounts owed by Borrower to 
the Administrative Agent and/or the Banks; or

     (f) the application of any sums by whomsoever paid or however realized 
to any amounts owing by Borrower to the Administrative Agent and/or the 
Banks under the Loan Documents in such manner as the Administrative Agent 
shall determine in its sole discretion; or

     (g) Borrowers or Guarantors voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
dissolution, sale of all or substantially all of their respective assets 
and liabilities, appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, 
sequestrator or conservator for all or any part of Borrowers or 
Guarantors assets, insolvency, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, reorganization, arrangement, composition or readjustment, or the 
commencement of other similar proceedings affecting Borrower or Guarantor 
or any of the assets of any of them, including, without limitation, (i) the 
release or discharge of Borrower or any guarantor from the payment and 
performance of their respective obligations under any of the Loan Documents 
by operation of law, or (ii) the impairment, limitation or modification of 
the liability of Borrower or any guarantor in bankruptcy, or of any remedy 
for the enforcement of the Guaranteed Obligations under any of the Loan 
Documents, or any guarantors liability under this Guaranty, resulting from 
the operation of any present or future provisions of the Bankruptcy Code or 
other present or future federal, state or applicable statute or law or from 
the decision in any court; or

     (h) any improper disposition by Borrower of the proceeds of the Loans, 
it being acknowledged by Guarantor that the Administrative Agent or any 
Bank shall be entitled to honor any request made by Borrower for a 
disbursement of such proceeds and that neither the Administrative Agent nor 
any Bank shall have any obligation to see the proper disposition by 
Borrower of such proceeds.

          6. Guarantor agrees that if at any time all or any part of any 
payment at any time received by the Administrative Agent from Borrower or 
Guarantor under or with respect to this Guaranty is or must be rescinded or 
returned by the Administrative Agent or any Bank for any reason whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, the insolvency, bankruptcy or 
reorganization of Borrower or Guarantor), then Guarantors obligations 
hereunder shall, to the extent of the payment rescinded or returned, be 
deemed to have continued in existence notwithstanding such previous receipt 
by such party, and Guarantors obligations hereunder shall continue to be 
effective or reinstated, as the case may be, as to such payment, as though 
such previous payment had never been made.

          7. Until this Guaranty is terminated pursuant to the terms 
hereof, Guarantor (i) shall have no right of subrogation against Borrower 
or any entity comprising same by reason of any payments or acts of 
performance by Guarantor in compliance with the obligations of Guarantor 
hereunder, (ii) waives any right to enforce any remedy which Guarantor now 
or hereafter shall have against Borrower or any entity comprising same by 
reason of any one or more payment or acts of performance in compliance with 
the obligations of Guarantor hereunder and (iii) from and after an Event of 
Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement), subordinates

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

any liability or indebtedness of Borrower or any entity comprising same now 
or hereafter held by Guarantor or any affiliate of Guarantor to the 
obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents. The foregoing, however, 
shall not be deemed in any way to limit any rights that Guarantor may have 
pursuant to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of Borrower or which it 
may have at law or in equity with respect to any other partners of 
Borrower.

          8. Guarantor represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent 
and the Banks with the knowledge that the Administrative Agent and the 
Banks are relying upon the same, as follows:

     (a) as of the date hereof, Guarantor is the sole general partner of 
Borrower;

     (b) based upon such relationships, Guarantor has determined that it is 
in its best interests to enter into this Guaranty;

     (c) this Guaranty is necessary and convenient to the conduct, 
promotion and attainment of Guarantors business, and is in furtherance of 
Guarantors business purposes;

     (d) the benefits to be derived by Guarantor from Borrowers access to 
funds made possible by the Loan Documents are at least equal to the 
obligations undertaken pursuant to this Guaranty;

     (e) Guarantor is solvent and has full power and legal right to enter 
into this Guaranty and to perform its obligations under the term hereof and 
(i) Guarantor is organized and validly existing under the laws of the State 
of Maryland, (ii) Guarantor has complied with all provisions of applicable 
law in connection with all aspects of this Guaranty, and (iii) the person 
executing this Guaranty has all the requisite power and authority to 
execute and deliver this Guaranty;

     (f) to the best of Guarantors knowledge, there is no action, suit, 
proceeding, or investigation pending or threatened against or affecting 
Guarantor at law, in equity, in admiralty or before any arbitrator or any 
governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or 
instrumentality (domestic or foreign) which is likely to materially and 
adversely impair the ability of Guarantor to perform its obligations under 
this Guaranty;

     (g) the execution and delivery of and the performance by Guarantor of 
its obligations under this Guaranty have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action on the part of Guarantor and do not (i) violate any 
provision of any law, rule, regulation (including, without limitation, 
Regulation U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
of the United States), order, writ, judgment, decree, determination or 
award presently in effect having applicability to Guarantor or the 
organizational documents of Guarantor the consequences of which violation 
is likely to materially and adversely impair the ability of Guarantor to 
perform its obligations under this Guaranty or (ii) violate or conflict 
with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time 
or both) a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument to 
which Guarantor is a party, or by which Guarantor or any of its property is 
bound, the consequences of which violation, conflict, breach or default is 
likely to

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

materially and adversely impair the ability of Guarantor to perform its 
obligations under this Guaranty;

     (h) this Guaranty has been duly executed by Guarantor and constitutes 
the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by 
applicable insolvency, bankruptcy or other laws affecting creditors rights 
generally or general principles of equity, whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law;

     (i) no authorization, consent, approval, license or formal exemption 
from, nor any filing, declaration or registration with, any Federal, state, 
local or foreign court, governmental agency or regulatory authority is 
required in connection with the making and performance by Guarantor of this 
Guaranty, except those which have already been obtained; and

     (j) Guarantor is not an investment company as that term is defined 
in, nor is it otherwise subject to regulation under, the Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended.

          9. Guarantor and Administrative Agent each acknowledge and agree 
that this Guaranty is a guarantee of payment and performance and not of 
collection and enforcement in respect of any obligations which may accrue 
to the Administrative Agent and/or the Banks from Borrower under the 
provisions of any Loan Document.

          10. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, 
and in conjunction therewith, the Administrative Agent or any Bank may 
assign any or all of its rights under this Guaranty. In the event of any 
such assignment, the Administrative Agent shall give Guarantor prompt 
notice of same. If the Administrative Agent elects to sell all the Loans or 
participations in the Loans and the Loan Documents, including this 
Guaranty, the Administrative Agent or any Bank may forward to each 
purchaser and prospective purchaser all documents and information relating 
to this Guaranty or to Guarantor, whether furnished by Borrower or 
Guarantor or otherwise, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Agreement.

          11. Guarantor agrees, upon the written request of the 
Administrative Agent, to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, 
from time to time, any modification or amendment hereto or any additional 
instruments or documents reasonably considered necessary by the 
Administrative Agent or its counsel to cause this Guaranty to be, become or 
remain valid and effective in accordance with its terms, provided, that, 
any such modification, amendment, additional instrument or document shall 
not increase Guarantors obligations or diminish its rights hereunder and 
shall be reasonably satisfactory as to form to Guarantor and to Guarantors 
counsel.

          12. The representations and warranties of Guarantor set forth in 
this Guaranty shall survive until this Guaranty shall terminate in 
accordance with the terms hereof.

          13. This Guaranty contains the entire agreement among the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior 
agreements relating to such subject

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

matter and may not be modified, amended, supplemented or discharged except 
by a written agreement signed by Guarantor and the Administrative Agent.

          14. If all or any portion of any provision contained in this 
Guaranty shall be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect for any reason, such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed 
stricken and severed from this Guaranty and the remaining provisions and 
portions thereof shall continue in full force and effect.

          15. This Guaranty may be executed in counterparts which together 
shall constitute the same instrument.

          16. All notices, requests and other communications to any party 
hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telex, facsimile 
transmission followed by telephonic confirmation or similar writing) and 
shall be addressed to such party at the address set forth below or to such 
other address as may be identified by any party in a written notice to the 
others:
  	  	 
If to Guarantor
  	AMB Property Corporation
 
  	Pier 1, Bay 1
 
  	San Francisco, California 94111
 
  	Attn: Chief Financial Officer
 
  	Telecopy Number: (415) 394-4001
 
  	 
With Copies of
  	 
Notices to Guarantor to:
  	AMB Property Corporation
 
  	Pier 1, Bay 1
 
  	San Francisco, California 94111
 
  	Attn: General Counsel
 
  	Telecopy Number: (415) 394-4001
 
  	 
and to:
  	DLA Piper LLP (US)
 
  	203 North LaSalle Street, Suite 1900
 
  	Chicago, Illinois 60601
 
  	Attention: James M. Phipps, Esq.
 
  	Telecopy Number: (312) 251-5735
 
  	 
If to the
  	 
Administrative Agent:
  	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
 
  	707 Travis Street, 6th Floor North
 
  	Houston, Texas 77002
 
  	Attn: Susan M. Tate
 
  	Telecopy: (713) 216-2391
 
  	 
and to:
  	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
 
  	1111 Fannin Street, 10th Floor
 
  	Houston, Texas 77002
 
  	Attn: Loan and Agency Services
 
  	Telecopy: (713) 750-2228

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
and to:
  	J.P. Morgan Europe Limited
 
  	125 London Wall, Floor 9
 
  	London EC2Y 5AJ, UK
 
  	Attention:
 
  	Telecopy Number: 0044 207 777 2360
 
  	 
With Copies of
  	 
Notices to
  	 
Administrative Agent:
  	Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
 
  	4 Times Square
 
  	New York, New York 10036
 
  	Attn: Martha Feltenstein, Esq.
 
  	Telecopy Number: (917) 777-2272

          Each such notice, request or other communication shall be 
effective (i) if given by telex or facsimile transmission, when such telex 
or facsimile is transmitted to the telex number or facsimile number 
specified in this Section and the appropriate answerback or facsimile 
confirmation is received, (ii) if given by certified registered mail, 
return receipt requested, with first class postage prepaid, addressed as 
aforesaid, upon receipt or refusal to accept delivery, (iii) if given by a 
nationally recognized overnight carrier, 24 hours after such communication 
is deposited with such carrier with postage prepaid for next day delivery, 
or (iv) if given by any other means, when delivered at the address 
specified in this Section.

          17. Any acknowledgment or new promise, whether by payment of 
principal or interest or otherwise by Borrower or Guarantor, with respect 
to the Guaranteed Obligations shall, if the statute of limitations in favor 
of Guarantor against the Administrative Agent shall have commenced to run, 
toll the running of such statute of limitations, and if the period of such 
statute of limitations shall have expired, prevent the operation of such 
statute of limitations.

          18. This Guaranty shall be binding upon Guarantor and its 
successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative 
Agent and the Banks and their successors and permitted assigns.

          19. The failure of the Administrative Agent to enforce any right 
or remedy hereunder, or promptly to enforce any such right or remedy, shall 
not constitute a waiver thereof, nor give rise to any estoppel against the 
Administrative Agent, nor excuse Guarantor from its obligations hereunder. 
Any waiver of any such right or remedy to be enforceable against the 
Administrative Agent must be expressly set forth in a writing signed by the 
Administrative Agent.

          20. (a) THIS GUARANTY AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE 
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY 
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (b) Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Guaranty and 
any action for enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof may be 
brought in the courts of the State of New York or of the United States of 
America for the Southern District of New York, and, by execution and 
delivery of this Guaranty, the Guarantor hereby accepts for itself and in 
respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and appellate courts from any thereof. 
The Guarantor irrevocably consents to the service of process out of any of 
the aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the mailing 
of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the 
Guarantor at its address for notices set forth herein. The Guarantor hereby 
irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the 
laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with this Guaranty brought in the courts referred to 
above and hereby further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or 
claim in any such court that any such action or proceeding brought in any 
such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right of the Administrative Agent to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise 
proceed against the Guarantor in any other jurisdiction.

     (c) GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY AND ALL 
CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS GUARANTY. IT 
IS HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGED BY GUARANTOR THAT THE WAIVER OF A JURY TRIAL IS A 
MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ACCEPT THIS GUARANTY 
AND THAT THE LOANS MADE BY THE BANKS ARE MADE IN RELIANCE UPON SUCH WAIVER. 
GUARANTOR FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH WAIVER HAS BEEN 
KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY MADE, FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. 
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS GUARANTY MAY BE FILED BY THE 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT IN COURT AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A NON-JURY TRIAL.

     (d) Guarantor does hereby further covenant and agree to and with the 
Administrative Agent that Guarantor may be joined in any action against 
Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents and that recovery may be had 
against Guarantor in such action or in any independent action against 
Guarantor (with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations), without the 
Administrative Agent first pursuing or exhausting any remedy or claim 
against Borrower or its successors or assigns. Guarantor also agrees that, 
in an action brought with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations in any 
jurisdiction, it shall be conclusively bound by the judgment in any such 
action by the Administrative Agent (wherever brought) against Borrower or 
its successors or assigns, as if Guarantor were a party to such action, 
even though Guarantor was not joined as a party in such action.

     (e) Guarantor agrees to pay all reasonable expenses (including, 
without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements) which may be 
incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Banks in connection with the 
enforcement of their rights under this Guaranty, whether or not suit is 
initiated.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          21. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
this Guaranty shall terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the 
full performance and payment of the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder. Upon 
termination of this Guaranty in accordance with the terms of this Guaranty, 
the Administrative Agent promptly shall deliver to Guarantor such documents 
as Guarantor or Guarantors counsel reasonably may request in order to 
evidence such termination.

          22. All of the Administrative Agents rights and remedies under 
each of the Loan Documents or under this Guaranty are intended to be 
distinct, separate and cumulative and no such right or remedy therein or 
herein mentioned is intended to be in exclusion of or a waiver of any other 
right or remedy available to the Administrative Agent.

          23. The Guarantor shall not use any assets of an employee 
benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA or a plan 
within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code (the 
Code) to repay or secure the Loan, the Note, the Obligations or this 
Guaranty. The Guarantor shall not assign, sell, pledge, encumber, transfer, 
hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any of its rights or interests (direct 
or indirect) in Borrower, or attempt to do any of the foregoing or suffer 
any of the foregoing, or permit any party with a direct or indirect 
interest or right in Borrower to do any of the foregoing, if such action 
would cause the Note, the Loan, the Obligations, this Guaranty, or any of 
the Loan Documents or the exercise of any of the Administrative Agents or 
Banks rights in connection therewith, to constitute a prohibited 
transaction under ERISA or the Code (unless the Guarantor furnishes to the 
Administrative Agent a legal opinion satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent that the transaction is exempt from the prohibited transaction 
provisions of ERISA and the Code (and for this purpose, the Administrative 
Agent and the Banks, by accepting the benefits of this Guaranty, hereby 
agree to supply Guarantor all relevant non-confidential, factual 
information reasonably necessary to such legal opinion and reasonably 
requested by Guarantor) or would otherwise result in the Administrative 
Agent or any of the Banks being deemed in violation of Sections 404 or 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or would otherwise result in the 
Administrative Agent or any of the Banks being a fiduciary or party in 
interest under ERISA or a disqualified person as defined in Section 
4975(e)(2) of the Code with respect to an employee benefit plan within 
the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA or a plan within the meaning of 
Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code. The Guarantor shall indemnify and hold each 
of the Administrative Agent and the Banks free and harmless from and 
against all loss, costs (including attorneys fees and expenses), expenses, 
taxes and damages (including consequential damages) that each of the 
Administrative Agent and the Banks may suffer by reason of the 
investigation, defense and settlement of claims and in obtaining any 
prohibited transaction exemption under ERISA necessary in Administrative 
Agents reasonable judgment as a result of Guarantors action or inaction 
or by reason of a breach of the foregoing provisions by Guarantor.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and 
delivered this Guaranty as of the date and year first above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	GUARANTOR:
AMB PROPERTY CORPORATION
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Thomas Olinger  	 
  	  	Name:   	Thomas Olinger  	 
  	  	Title:   	Chief Financial Officer  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
ACCEPTED:
 
  	  	  	 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 	  	 
as Administrative Agent 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Brenden M. Poc 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: Brenden M. Poc 	  	 
 
  	Title: Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED, 	  	 
as Administrative Agent 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Belinda Lucas 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: Belinda Lucas 	  	 
 
  	Title: Associate 	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

CALIFORNIA ALL-PURPOSE ACKNOWLEDGMENT
[(IMAGE)]
  	  	 
State of California

County of San Francisco
  	}
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
On
  	November 9, 2010 	  	before me, 	  	Christopher G. Visgilio, Notary 
Public 	, 	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Date 	  	  	  	Here Insert Name and Title of the Officer 	  	  	  	 
  	  	 
personally appeared
  	Thomas S. Olinger
 
  	 
 
  	Name(s) of Signer(s)
  	,
  	  	 


[(SEAL)]
  	who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person 
whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me 
that he executed the same in his authorized capacity, and that by his 
signature on the instrument the person, or the entity upon behalf of which 
the person acted, executed the instrument.

I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws of the State of 
California that the foregoing paragraph is true and correct.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.

Signature /s/ Christopher G. Visgilio                         
Place Notary Seal Above
  	          Signature of Notary Public
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	OPTIONAL 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 

Though the information below is not required by law, it may prove valuable 
to persons relying on the document and could prevent fraudulent removal and 
reattachment of this form to another document.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Description of Attached Document 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title or Type of Document: Guaranty of Payment
  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Document Date: Nov. 10, 2010 	  	Number of Pages: 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Signer(s) Other Than Named Above:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	 

[(IMAGE)]
© 2007 National Notary Association  9350 De Soto Ave., P.O. Box 2402  
Chatsworth, CA 91313-2402  www.NationalNotary.org Item #5907 Reorder: Call 
Toll-Free 1-800-876-6827