 EX-10.1 2 y87496exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1


MANAGEMENT EQUITY AWARD AGREEMENT
(Restricted Equity Units)

     THIS MANAGEMENT EQUITY AWARD AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made as of 
August , 2010 by and between TDS Investor (Cayman) L.P., a Cayman Islands 
limited partnership (the Partnership) and                           (
Executive).


RECITALS

     The Partnership has adopted the TDS Investor (Cayman) L.P. Fourth 
Amended and Restated 2006 Interest Plan (the Plan), a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Exhibit A.

     In connection with Executives employment by the Partnership or one of 
its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company), the Partnership intends 
concurrently herewith to grant the number of Restricted Equity Units (as 
defined below) set forth on the signature page hereto.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
mutual promises set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, 
agree as follows:


SECTION 1

DEFINITIONS

     1.1. Definitions. Except as expressly provided for herein, capitalized 
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Partnership Agreement. In addition to the terms defined in the 
Partnership Agreement, the terms below shall have the following respective 
meanings:

     Agreement has the meaning specified in the Introduction.

     Board means the board of directors of the General Partner (or, if 
applicable, any committee of the Board).

     Cause shall have the meaning assigned such term in any employment 
agreement entered into between any Company and Executive, provided that if 
no such employment agreement exists or such term is not defined, then 
Cause shall mean (A) Executives failure substantially to perform 
Executives duties to the Company (other than as a result of total or 
partial incapacity due to Disability) for a period of 10 days following 
receipt of written notice from any Company by Executive of such failure; 
provided that it is understood that this clause (A) shall not apply if a 
Company terminates Executives employment because of dissatisfaction with 
actions taken by Executive in the good faith performance of Executives 
duties to the Company, (B) theft or embezzlement of property of the Company 
or dishonesty in the performance of Executives duties to the Company, (C) 
an act or acts on Executives part constituting (x) a felony under the laws 
of the United States or any state thereof or (y) a crime

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

involving moral turpitude, (D) Executives willful malfeasance or willful 
misconduct in connection with Executives duties or any act or omission 
which is materially injurious to the financial condition or business 
reputation of the Company or its Affiliates, or (E) Executives breach of 
the provisions of any agreed-upon non-compete, non-solicitation or 
confidentiality provisions agreed to with the Company, including pursuant 
to this Agreement and pursuant to any employment agreement.

     Company has the meaning specified in the Recitals.

     Constructive Termination shall have the meaning assigned such term 
in any employment agreement entered into between any Company and Executive, 
provided that if no such employment agreement exists or such term is not 
defined, then Constructive Termination means (A) any material reduction 
in Executives base salary or annual bonus opportunity (excluding any 
change in value of equity incentives or a reduction affecting substantially 
all similarly situated executives), (B) failure of the Company or its 
affiliates to pay compensation or benefits when due, in each case which is 
not cured within 30 days following the Companys receipt of written notice 
from Executive describing the event constituting a Constructive 
Termination, (C) a material and sustained diminution to Executives duties 
and responsibilities as of the date of this Agreement or (D) the primary 
business office for Executive being relocated by more than 50 miles; 
provided that any of the events described in clauses (A)-(D) of this 
definition of Constructive Termination shall constitute a Constructive 
Termination only if the Company fails to cure such event within 30 days 
after receipt from Executive of written notice of the event which 
constitutes Constructive Termination; provided further, that a 
Constructive Termination shall cease to exist for an event on the 60th 
day following the later of its occurrence thereof or Executives knowledge 
thereof, unless Executive has given the Company written notice thereof 
prior to such date.

     Disability shall have the meaning assigned such term in any 
employment agreement entered into between any Company and Executive, 
provided that if no such employment agreement exists or such term is not 
defined, then Disability shall mean Executive shall have become 
physically or mentally incapacitated and is therefore unable for a period 
of nine (9) consecutive months or for an aggregate of twelve (12) months in 
any eighteen (18) consecutive month period to perform Executives duties 
under Executives employment. Any question as to the existence of the 
Disability of Executive as to which Executive and the Partnership cannot 
agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician 
mutually acceptable to Executive and the Partnership. If Executive and the 
Partnership cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each 
shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a 
third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of 
Disability made in writing to the Partnership and Executive shall be final 
and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement and any other agreement 
between any Company and Executive that incorporates the definition of 
Disability.

     Effective Date means the date hereof.

     Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.

     Executive has the meaning specified in the Introduction.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Other Documents means the Partnership Agreement, any other 
management equity award agreement between Executive and the Partnership and 
any employment agreement by and between Executive and any Partnership, in 
each case as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time 
in accordance with the terms thereof.

     Partnership has the meaning specified in the Introduction.

     Partnership Agreement shall mean the Agreement of Limited 
Partnership, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, of the 
Partnership.

     Retirement shall mean the retirement of the Executive from 
employment with the Company at or beyond the age at which Executive is 
entitled to retire under the terms of Executives contract of employment or 
earlier with the consent of the Company provided that the Company shall not 
withhold its consent on the basis of Executives age.

     Travelport EBITDA means the earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortization of Travelport, as determined by Travelports 
Board of Directors.

     Unvested Restricted Equity Units means Restricted Equity Units held 
by Executive that are subject to any vesting, forfeiture or similar 
arrangement under this Agreement.

     Vested Restricted Equity Units means Restricted Equity Units held by 
Executive that are no longer subject to any vesting, forfeiture or similar 
arrangement under this Agreement.


SECTION 2

GRANT OF RESTRICTED EQUITY UNITS

     2.1. Restricted Equity Units. Subject to the terms and conditions 
hereof, the Partnership hereby grants Executive                          
Restricted Equity Units as is set forth on the signature page to this 
Agreement and Executive accepts such Restricted Equity Units from the 
Partnership. Each Restricted Equity Unit represents the right to receive 
from the Partnership, on the terms and conditions (and at the times) set 
forth in this Agreement (including Section 3.3), one Class A-2 Interest 
with a hypothetical capital contribution equal to, on the date hereof, $1 
per Class A-2 Interest (but subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.3). 
The terms of Class A-2 Interests are set forth in, and governed by, the 
Partnership Agreement and Executive shall have no rights in respect of such 
Class A-2 Interests until the Company delivers such Class A-2 Interests 
pursuant to the terms hereof and Executive becomes a Class A-2 Limited 
Partner pursuant to the Partnership Agreement.


SECTION 3

VESTING, TRANSFER PROHIBITED, DELIVERY AND TERMINATION

     3.1. Vesting Schedule.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (a) The Restricted Equity Units granted to Executive under this 
Agreement shall be eligible for vesting over a four calendar year period 
beginning on January 1, 2010, with 25% of the total number of Restricted 
Equity Units (i.e.,                           Restricted Equity Units) 
eligible for vesting on August 1, 2011, August 1, 2012, August 1, 2013 and 
August 1, 2014 based on performance for each of the calendar years from 
2010 through 2013, inclusive. The Restricted Equity Units eligible for 
vesting for a particular calendar year shall each be referred to as a 
Tranche.

          (b) Vesting for each Tranche will be based upon the Travelport 
EBITDA, cash flow and/or other financial targets established and defined by 
the Board, in good faith, during that calendar year (for each year, 
individually, an Annual Goal, and collectively, the Annual Goals), 
which shall be established no later than April 30 of each calendar year 
(August 31 for 2010). For each Tranche the Board will establish Threshold, 
Target and Stretch levels for each Annual Goal and the percentage weighting 
for each Annual Goal (e.g., 50%) (the Weight). After approval by the 
Board, such Annual Goals, the Weight for each Annual Goal and the 
Threshold, Target and Stretch levels for each Annual Goal for that Tranche 
shall be communicated in writing to Executive.

          (c) Subject to Executives continuous active employment (which 
shall not include employment after the Executive has either given or 
received notice of termination of employment) with the Company through the 
August 1 immediately following the applicable calendar year (each, a 
Vesting Date), a percentage of the Restricted Equity Units for that 
Tranche shall vest prorata based upon the achievement of Travelport Limited 
(Travelport) as compared to each Annual Goal and the Weight assigned to 
each Annual Goal established by the Board as follows for each applicable 
calendar year:

          (i) if the Annual Goal result is at Stretch level, 100% of the 
Restricted Equity Units shall vest; or

          (ii) if the Annual Goal result is at Target level, 67% of the 
Restricted Equity Units shall vest; or

          (iii) if the Annual Goal result is at Threshold level, 33% of the 
Restricted Equity Units shall vest; or

          (iv) if the Annual Goal result is between Threshold and Target 
levels, the percentage of Restricted Equity Units that shall vest will be 
based on the interpolation between the percentage that would have vested at 
Threshold (33%) and the percentage that would have vested at Target (67%), 
with the vesting percentage rounded to the nearest whole percentage point; 
or

          (v) if the Annual Goal result is between Target and Stretch 
levels, the percentage of Restricted Equity Units that shall vest will be 
based on the interpolation between the percentage that would have vested at 
Target (67%) and the percentage that would have vested at Stretch (100%), 
with the vesting percentage rounded to the nearest whole percentage point; 
or

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (vi) if the Annual Goal result is below Threshold level, the 
Restricted Equity Units for that Annual Goal based on the Weight shall not 
vest, but the Restricted Equity Units for other Annual Goals shall still be 
eligible for vesting based upon this Section 3.1(c).

For example, if a Tranche is 100 Restricted Equity Units, the Annual Goals 
for that Tranche are EBITDA and revenue, and the Weight for EBITDA and 
revenue is 50% each, then 50 Restricted Equity Units are eligible to vest 
based on Travelports achievement of EBITDA as compared with the Threshold, 
Target and Stretch levels for that calendar year and 50 Restricted Equity 
Units are eligible to vest based on Travelports achievement of revenue as 
compared with the Threshold, Target and Stretch levels for that calendar 
year. The number of Restricted Equity Units, if any, that will vest 
(subject to the other conditions of this Agreement, including without 
limitation continued employment through the Vesting Date) on each August 1 
shall be determined on the date on which Travelports annual financial 
statements are certified by Travelports Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Accounting Officer, and which date shall be no later than March 31 
following the applicable calendar year. The number of Restricted Equity 
Units that vest for a particular calendar year shall be rounded to the 
nearest number of whole units.

          (d) For each calendar years Tranche of Restricted Equity Units, 
the number of Restricted Equity Units that do not vest based on Section 
3.1(c)(ii) (vi) shall remain eligible for vesting based upon the 
Travelport EBITDA, cash flow and/or other financial targets for any other 
performance period(s) that may, in its sole and complete discretion, be 
established and defined by the Board in good faith (the Catch-Up Goals). 
Such Catch-Up Goals may be established by the Board at multiple times on or 
before December 31, 2013. The number of Restricted Equity Units, if any, 
that vest on each August 1 (beginning on August 1, 2012) based on the 
achievement of Travelports results as compared with the Catch-Up Goals 
shall determined on the date on which Travelports annual financial 
statements for prior calendar year are certified by Travelports Chief 
Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, and which date shall be no 
later than March 31. The number of Restricted Equity Units that vest based 
on the Catch-Up Goals shall be rounded to the nearest number of whole 
units. All Restricted Equity Units that have not vested on August 2, 2014 
shall be forfeited.

          (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing in the event that:

          (i) a Change in Control (as defined in the                      
2010 Contract of Employment between Executive and Travelport International 
Limited, as amended and/or restated from time to time) occurs following a 
Qualified Public Offering and at a time when Executive is employed by the 
Company, Executive shall thereupon be deemed to have vested in the unvested 
Restricted Equity Units at Target (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Restricted Equity Units that remain unvested due to the failure in any 
prior calendar year(s) to achieve the Annual Goals at Target) immediately 
prior to such Change of Control (and such Restricted Equity Units shall 
automatically convert to Vested Restricted Equity Units hereunder) and any 
Restricted Equity Units that remain unvested after such conversion shall be 
forfeited;

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (ii) Executives employment with the Company is terminated by the 
Company other than for Cause, by Executive as the result of a Constructive 
Termination, or as a result of death or Disability, Executive shall be 
deemed to have vested in the unvested Restricted Equity Units that would 
have vested (and such Restricted Equity Units shall be treated as Vested 
Restricted Equity Units hereunder) assuming (1) that Executives employment 
continued for eighteen (18) months following the termination of Executives 
employment (Accelerated Vesting Date), (2) that the award vests ratably 
on a monthly basis beginning on the prior Vesting Date through the 
Accelerated Vesting Date over the remainder of the performance period that 
ends on December 31, 2013, and (3) performance at Target. For example, if 
Executive was terminated without Cause on September 1, 2010, then Executive 
will receive 26/48ths vesting of all unvested Restricted Equity Units as of 
the termination date at Target. Any Restricted Equity Units that remain 
unvested after the application of this Section 3(e)(ii) shall be forfeited; 
and

          (iii) Executives employment with the Company is terminated for 
any reason, except as set forth, and to the extent provided, in Section 
3.1(e)(ii), Executive shall have no right to further vesting of the 
Restricted Equity Units that are Unvested Restricted Equity Units (and such 
Restricted Equity Units shall be forfeited on such termination of 
employment).

     3.2. Transfer Prohibited. Executive may not sell, assign, transfer, 
pledge or otherwise encumber (or make any other Disposition of) any 
Restricted Equity Units, except upon the death of Executive. Upon any 
attempted Disposition in violation of this Section 3.2, the Restricted 
Equity Units shall immediately become null and void.

     3.3. Delivery of Class A-2 Interests.

No Class A-2 Interest covered by a Restricted Equity Unit shall be 
delivered to Executive until the Restricted Equity Unit becomes a Vested 
Restricted Equity Unit. Vested Restricted Equity Units shall be delivered 
within 30 days of the vesting date, or if later, upon each of the following 
conditions precedent to delivery of such Class A-2 Interest having been 
satisfied in full (provided such conditions must be satisfied, and the 
Class A-2 Interest delivered, not later than March 15 of the year following 
the year of vesting):

          (i) Executive shall have paid to the Company such amount as may 
be requested by the Partnership for purposes of remitting any income tax or 
other taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the delivery of 
the Restricted Equity Units (provided that this condition may be satisfied 
if the Company withholds Class A-2 Interests to cover such required 
withholding amounts).

          (ii) Executive (or Executives executors or beneficiaries) and, 
if applicable, the spouse of Executive (or Executives executors or 
beneficiaries) shall have executed and delivered to the Partnership an 
Addendum Agreement pursuant to which Executive (or Executives executors or 
beneficiaries ) shall have become a party to the Partnership Agreement and 
a Class A-2 Limited Partner.

     3.4. Termination of Restricted Equity Units.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Subject to Section 3.1, Unvested Restricted Equity Units shall be canceled 
if Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason 
(including death or Disability).

     3.5. Partnership Agreement; Call Rights. Executive acknowledges 
receipt of a copy of the Partnership Agreement and represents that 
Executive understands that (i) the terms of Class A-2 Interests are set 
forth in, and governed by, the Partnership Agreement, (ii) Executive shall 
have no rights in respect of such Class A-2 Interests (including any right 
to receive distributions under the Partnership Agreement) until the Company 
delivers such Class A-2 Interests pursuant to the terms hereof and 
Executive becomes a Class A-2 Limited Partner pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement and (iii) the Partnership Agreement may be amended or modified 
from time to time prior to Executive becoming a party thereto pursuant to 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or 
anything to the contrary in the Partnership Agreement, Class A-2 Interests 
delivered pursuant to a Restricted Equity Unit granted pursuant to this 
Agreement shall not, until the earlier of (a) the end of the Restricted 
Period (as defined below) or (b) the breach of any covenant contained in 
Section 5 of this Agreement (the No-Call Period), be (i) forfeitable 
pursuant to Article XII of the Partnership Agreement or (ii) subject to the 
mandatory purchase provisions of Article XII of the Partnership Agreement; 
provided that, in each case, any time periods contained in the Partnership 
Agreement that would otherwise have lapsed during the No-Call Period shall 
not begin to run until after the expiration of such No-Call Period (or, if 
later, the date on which the Partnership has actual knowledge of the 
expiration of such No-Call Period).


SECTION 4

DISTRIBUTION EQUIVALENT RIGHTS

     4.1. Payments and Allocations upon Distributions. If on any date while 
Restricted Equity Units are outstanding hereunder, the Partnership shall 
make any distribution to holders of Class A Interests pursuant to Article 
VIII of the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership shall cause the Company 
to allocate to a notional account for Executive (the Notional Account) an 
amount, in respect of each Unvested Restricted Equity Unit, equal to the 
amount that would have been payable in respect of the Class A-2 Interest 
underlying such Unvested Restricted Equity Unit if it were issued and 
outstanding on the date of such distribution.

     4.2. Additional Payments upon Vesting. On any date that any Unvested 
Restricted Equity Units become Vested Restricted Equity Units, Executive 
shall be entitled to receive an amount (such amount, the Unvested 
Distribution Equivalent Payment equal to the product of (x) all amounts 
then credited to Executives Notional Account multiplied by (y) a fraction, 
the numerator of which shall be the number of Restricted Equity Units that 
became Vested Restricted Equity Units on such date and denominator of which 
shall be the total number of Unvested Restricted Equity Units immediately 
prior to such date. Upon payment of any Unvested Distribution Equivalent 
Payment, the amount credited to the Notional Account shall be reduced 
thereby.

     4.3. Adjustments to Hypothetical Capital Contribution. Upon payment of 
any Unvested Distribution Equivalent Payment, the hypothetical Capital 
Contribution associated with Class A-2 Interests issued pursuant to the 
Restricted Equity Units shall be reduced by such

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Distribution Equivalent Payment (until such hypothetical amount shall equal 
zero, at which point it shall not be further reduced).

     4.4. Withholding. The Partnership and the Company shall have the right 
and is hereby authorised to withhold from any Distribution Equivalent 
Payment the amount of any applicable withholding taxes in respect of such 
payment and to take such action as may be necessary in the opinion of the 
Partnership or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of 
such taxes.


SECTION 5

NON-COMPETITION AND CONFIDENTIALITY

     5.1. Non-Competition.

          (a) From the date hereof while employed by the Company and for a 
two-year period following the date Executive ceases to be employed by the 
Company (the Restricted Period), irrespective of the cause, manner or 
time of any termination, Executive shall not use his status or former 
status with any Company or any of its Affiliates (and in the case of former 
status, for the direct or indirect benefit of any Competitor) to obtain 
loans, goods or services from another organization on terms that would not 
be available to him or any Competitor in the absence of his relationship or 
prior relationship to the Company or any of its Affiliates.

          (b) During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not make any 
statements or perform any acts intended to or which may have the effect of 
advancing the interest of any Competitors of the Company or any of its 
Affiliates or in any way injuring the interests of the Company or any of 
its Affiliates and the Company and its Affiliates shall not make or 
authorize any person to make any statement that would in any way injure the 
personal or business reputation or interests of Executive; provided 
however, that, subject to Section 5.2, nothing herein shall preclude the 
Company and its Affiliates or Executive from giving truthful testimony 
under oath in response to a subpoena or other lawful process or truthful 
answers in response to questions from a government investigation; provided, 
further, however, that nothing herein shall prohibit the Company and its 
Affiliates from disclosing the fact of any termination of Executives 
employment or the circumstances for such a termination. For purposes of 
this Section 5.1, the term Competitor means any enterprise or business 
that is engaged in, or has plans to engage in, at any time during the 
Restricted Period, any activity either (x) in which the Executive was 
involved as an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates to a 
material extent in the 12 month period preceding the date upon which the 
Executive ceased to be employed by the Company or (y) in relation to which 
the Executive holds Confidential Information (as defined in Section 5.2(a)) 
and in either case which competes with the businesses conducted during or 
at the termination of Executives employment, or then proposed to be 
conducted, by the Company and its Affiliates in a manner that is or would 
be material in relation to the businesses of the Company or the prospects 
for the businesses of the Company. During the Restricted Period, Executive, 
without prior express written approval by the Board, shall not (A) engage 
in, or directly or indirectly (whether for compensation or otherwise) 
manage, operate, or control, or join or participate in the management, 
operation or control of a Competitor, in any capacity (whether as an 
employee, officer, director, partner, consultant, agent, advisor, or

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

otherwise) or (B) develop, expand or promote, or assist in the development, 
expansion or promotion of, any division of an enterprise or the business 
intended to become a Competitor at any time after the end of the Restricted 
Period or (C) own or hold a Proprietary Interest in, or directly furnish 
any capital to, any Competitor of the Company. Executive acknowledges that 
the Companys and its Affiliates businesses are conducted nationally and 
internationally and agrees that the provisions in the foregoing sentence 
shall operate throughout the United Kingdom, the United States and the 
world (subject to the definition of Competitor).

          (c) During the Restricted Period, Executive, without express 
prior written approval from the Board, shall not solicit (whether directly 
or indirectly) on his own account or on behalf of any Competitor any 
Clients of the Company or any of its Affiliates or discuss with any 
employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates information or operations 
of any business intended to compete with the Company or any of its 
Affiliates. For the purposes of Section 5.1(c) and 5.1(d), Client shall 
mean any person, firm, company, organization, or enterprise (A) who or 
which in the 12 month period preceding the date upon which the Executive 
ceased to be employed by the Company was provided with products or services 
by the Company or any of its Affiliates or (B) to or with whom in the 12 
month period preceding the date upon which the Executive ceased to be 
employed by the Company, the Company or any of its Affiliates submitted a 
tender or a proposal, undertook or made a pitch or presentation or with 
whom or which it was otherwise negotiating for the supply of products or 
services or (C) in relation to whom the Executive holds Confidential 
Information (as defined in Section 5.2(a)).

          (d) During the Restricted Period, Executive, without prior 
express written approval from the Board, shall not (whether directly or 
indirectly) on his own account or on behalf of any Competitor deal with any 
Client.

          (e) During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not (whether 
directly or indirectly) interfere with the employees or affairs of the 
Company or any of its Affiliates or solicit or induce any person who is a 
Key Person to terminate any relationship such person may have with the 
Company or any of its Affiliates, nor shall Executive during such period 
directly or indirectly engage, employ or compensate, or cause or permit any 
Person with which Executive may be Affiliated, to engage, employ or 
compensate, any Key Person. For the purposes of this Section 5.1(e), Key 
Person means any person who at the date upon which the Executive ceased to 
be employed by the Company, or at any point in the preceding 12 month 
period, (A) was an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates 
classified by the Company as Band 9 or above (or equivalent), or (B) who 
reported directly to the Executive, or (C) with whom the Executive had 
material dealings.

          (f) During the Restricted Period, Executive, without prior 
written approval from the Board, shall not (whether directly or indirectly) 
on his own account or on behalf of any Competitor induce, solicit or entice 
to try to induce, solicit or entice any Supplier to cease conducting 
business with the Company or any of its Affiliates or reduce the amount of 
business conducted with the Company or any of its Affiliates or to 
adversely vary the terms upon which any business is conducted with the 
Company or any of its Affiliates. For the purposes of this Section 5.1(f), 
Supplier shall mean any person, firm, company, organization or enterprise 
who or which at any time in the 12 month period preceding the date upon 
which the Executive ceased to be employed by the Company (A) supplied 
products or services (other than utilities or

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

products or services provided for routine administrative purposes) to the 
Company or any of its Affiliates or (B) was negotiating with or had pitched 
to the Company or any of its Affiliates to supply goods or services (other 
than utilities or products or services provided for routine administrative 
purposes) to the Company or any of its Affiliates.

          (g) For the purposes of this Agreement, Proprietary Interest 
means any legal, equitable or other ownership, whether through stock 
holding or otherwise, of an interest in a business, firm or entity; 
provided, that ownership of less than 5% of any class of equity interest in 
a publicly held company shall not be deemed a Proprietary Interest.

          (h) The period of time during which the provisions of this 
Section 5.1 shall be in effect shall be extended by the length of time 
during which Executive is in breach of the terms hereof as determined by 
any court of competent jurisdiction on the Companys application for 
injunctive relief.

          (i) Executive agrees that the restrictions contained in this 
Section 5.1 are an essential element of the compensation Executive is 
granted hereunder and but for Executives agreement to comply with such 
restrictions, the Company would not have entered into this Agreement. The 
Executive further agrees that the restrictions contained in this Section 
5.1 constitute entirely separate, severable and independent restrictions.

          (j) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive 
and the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 5.1 to 
be reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of 
competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction 
contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against 
Executive, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but 
shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and 
to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate 
to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction 
finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, 
and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such 
finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other 
restrictions contained herein.

     5.2. Confidentiality.

          (a) Executive will not at any time (whether during or after 
Executives employment with the Company) (x) retain or use for the benefit, 
purposes or account of Executive or any other Person; or (y) disclose, 
divulge, reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any 
Person outside the Company (other than its professional advisers who are 
bound by confidentiality obligations), any non-public, proprietary or 
confidential information (including without limitation trade secrets, 
know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, 
processes, formulae, technology, designs and other intellectual property, 
information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, 
products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, 
personnel, compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales, 
marketing, promotions, government and regulatory activities and approvals) 
concerning the past, current or future business, activities and operations 
of the Company or its Affiliates and/or any third party that has disclosed 
or provided any of same to the Company on a

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

confidential basis (Confidential Information) without the prior written 
authorization of the Board.

          (b) Confidential Information shall not include any information 
that is (i) generally known to the industry or the public other than as a 
result of Executives breach of this covenant or any breach of other 
confidentiality obligations by third parties; (ii) made legitimately 
available to Executive by a third party without breach of any 
confidentiality obligation; or (iii) required by law to be disclosed; 
provided that Executive shall give prompt written notice to the Company of 
such requirement, disclose no more information than is so required, and 
cooperate, at the Companys cost, with any attempts by the Company to 
obtain a protective order or similar treatment.

          (c) Except as required by law, Executive will not disclose to 
anyone, other than Executives immediate family and legal or financial 
advisors, the existence or contents of this Agreement (unless this 
Agreement shall be publicly available as a result of a regulatory filing 
made by the Company or its Affiliates); provided that Executive may 
disclose to any prospective future employer the provisions of Section 5 of 
this Agreement provided they agree to maintain the confidentiality of such 
terms.

          (d) Upon termination of Executives employment with the Company 
for any reason, Executive shall (x) cease and not thereafter commence use 
of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including without 
limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, 
trade name, logo, domain name or other source indicator) owned or used by 
the Company or its Affiliates; (y) immediately destroy, delete, or return 
to the Company, at the Companys option, all originals and copies in any 
form or medium (including memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, 
letters and other data) in Executives possession or control (including any 
of the foregoing stored or located in Executives office, home, laptop or 
other computer, whether or not Company property) that contain Confidential 
Information or otherwise relate to the business of the Company and its 
Affiliates, except that Executive may retain only those portions of any 
personal notes, notebooks and diaries that do not contain any Confidential 
Information; and (z) notify and fully cooperate with the Company regarding 
the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential Information of which 
Executive is or becomes aware.


 
  	  	5.3. Intellectual Property.

          (a) If Executive has created, invented, designed, developed, 
contributed to or improved any works of authorship, inventions, 
intellectual property, materials, documents or other work product 
(including without limitation, research, reports, software, databases, 
systems, applications, presentations, textual works, content, or 
audiovisual materials) (Works), either alone or with third parties, prior 
to Executives employment by the Company, that are relevant to or 
implicated by such employment (Prior Works), Executive hereby grants the 
Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, 
sublicensable license under all rights and intellectual property rights 
(including rights under patent, industrial property, copyright, trademark, 
trade secret, unfair competition and related laws) therein for all purposes 
in connection with the Companys current and future business.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) If Executive creates, invents, designs, develops, contributes 
to or improves any Works, either alone or with third parties, at any time 
during Executives employment by the Company and within the scope of such 
employment and/or with the use of any the Company resources (Company Works
), Executive shall promptly and fully disclose same to the Company and 
hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and conveys, to the maximum extent 
permitted by applicable law, all rights and intellectual property rights 
therein (including rights under patent, industrial property, copyright, 
trademark, trade secret, unfair competition and related laws) to the 
Company to the extent ownership of any such rights does not vest originally 
in the Company.

          (c) Executive agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current 
written records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, and any other 
form or media requested by the Company) of all Company Works. The records 
will be available to and remain the sole property and intellectual property 
of the Company at all times.

          (d) Executive shall take all requested actions and execute all 
requested documents (including any licenses or assignments required by a 
government contract) at the Companys expense (but without further 
remuneration) to assist the Company in validating, maintaining, protecting, 
enforcing, perfecting, recording, patenting or registering any of the 
Companys rights in the Prior Works and Company Works. If the Company is 
unable for any other reason to secure Executives signature on any document 
for this purpose, then Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints 
the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executives 
agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in Executives behalf and stead 
to execute any documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts in 
connection with the foregoing.

          (e) Executive shall not improperly use for the benefit of, bring 
to any premises of, divulge, disclose, communicate, reveal, transfer or 
provide access to, or share with the Company any confidential, proprietary 
or non-public information or intellectual property relating to a former 
employer or other third party without the prior written permission of such 
third party. Executive hereby indemnifies, holds harmless and agrees to 
defend the Company and its officers, directors, partners, employees, agents 
and representatives from any breach of the foregoing covenant. Executive 
shall comply with all relevant policies and guidelines of the Company, 
including the Travelport Code of Business Conduct & Ethics and other 
Company policies regarding the protection of confidential information 
(including without limitation information security and customer data), 
intellectual property and potential conflicts of interest. Executive 
acknowledges that the Company may amend any such policies and guidelines 
from time to time, and that Executive remains at all times bound by their 
most current version.

     5.4. Specific Performance. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the 
Partnerships remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of 
the provisions of this Section 5 would be inadequate and the Partnership 
would suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach or threatened 
breach. In recognition of this fact, Executive agrees that, in the event of 
such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law, the 
Partnership, without posting any bond, shall be entitled to cease making 
any payments or providing any benefit otherwise required by this Agreement 
and obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary 
restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction or any other

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

equitable remedy which may then be available. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, neither party shall oppose any motion the 
other party may make for any expedited discovery or hearing in connection 
with any alleged breach of this Section 5.

     5.5. Survival. The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the 
termination of Executives employment for any reason.


SECTION 6

MISCELLANEOUS

     6.1. Tax Issues. THE ISSUANCE OF THE RESTRICTED EQUITY UNITS TO 
EXECUTIVE AND/OR THE DELIVERY OF THE CLASS A-2 INTERESTS PURSUANT TO THIS 
AGREEMENT INVOLVES COMPLEX AND SUBSTANTIAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS. EXECUTIVE 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS CONSULTED HIS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE 
TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES 
OR REPRESENTATIONS WHATSOEVER TO EXECUTIVE REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES 
OF EXECUTIVES RECEIPT OF THE RESTRICTED EQUITY UNITS AND/OR CLASS A-2 
INTERESTS OR THIS AGREEMENT. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 
EXECUTIVE SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY TAXES ON THE RESTRICTED 
EQUITY UNITS AND SHALL HOLD THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND 
EMPLOYEES HARMLESS FROM ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM ANY TAXES INCURRED BY 
EXECUTIVE IN CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRICTED EQUITY UNITS.

     6.2. Legal Entitlement.

          (a) The Plan shall not form part of Executives employment 
contract. The rights and obligations of Executive under the terms and 
conditions of his office or employment with the Company are not affected by 
his participation in the Plan or any right he may have to participate in 
the Plan and nothing in the Plan, or in any instrument executed pursuant to 
it, shall confer on any person any right to continue in office or 
employment. Any person who ceases to be an officer or employee with the 
Company as a result of the termination of his employment for any reason and 
however the termination occurs, whether lawfully or otherwise, shall not be 
entitled and shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any entitlement by 
way of damages for dismissal or by way of compensation for loss of office 
or employment or otherwise to any sum, damages or other benefits to 
compensate that person for the loss or alteration of any rights, benefits 
or expectations in relation to any grant of Restricted Equity Units, the 
Plan or any instrument executed pursuant to it.

          (b) Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give (i) any Executive 
any right to participate in the Plan or (ii) any Executive any right to 
receive further grants of Restricted Equity Units under the Plan.

     6.3. Employment of Executive. Executive acknowledges that he is 
employed by the Partnership or its Affiliates subject to the terms of his 
employment agreement with the

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Partnership (if any). Any change of Executives duties as an employee of 
the Company shall not result in a modification of the terms of this 
Agreement.

     6.4. Equitable Adjustments. Notwithstanding any other provisions in 
this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in 
the event of any change in the outstanding Interests after the date hereof 
by reason of any equity dividend or split, reorganization, 
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, combination 
or transaction or exchange of Interests or other corporate exchange, or any 
distribution to Partners of equity or cash (other than regular cash 
distributions) or any transaction similar to the foregoing (regardless of 
whether outstanding Interests are changed) (collectively, Adjustment 
Events), the General Partner in its sole discretion and without liability 
to any Person shall make such substitution or adjustment, if any, as it 
deems to be equitable (taking into consideration such matters, without 
limitation, as relative value of each class of Interests and the Restricted 
Equity Units, status of vesting and the nature of the Adjustment Event and 
its impact on the Interests and the Restricted Equity Units) to the 
Management Limited Partners as a group, as to (i) the number or kind of 
Interests or other securities issued or reserved for issuance under the 
Partnership Agreement in respect of Restricted Equity Units, (ii) the 
vesting terms under this Agreement, (iii) the distribution priorities 
contained in the Partnership Agreement and/or (iv) any other affected terms 
hereunder.

     6.5. Calculation of Benefits. Neither the Restricted Equity Units nor 
the Class A-2 Interests shall be deemed compensation for purposes of 
computing benefits or contributions under any retirement plan of the 
Company and shall not affect any benefits, or contributions to benefits, 
under any other benefit plan of any kind now or subsequently in effect 
under which the availability or amount of benefits or contributions is 
related to level of compensation.

     6.6. Setoff. The Partnerships obligation to pay Executive the amounts 
provided and to make the arrangements provided hereunder and under the 
Partnership Agreement shall be subject to set off, counterclaim or 
recoupment of amounts owed by such Executive (or any Affiliate of such 
Executive (or any of its Relatives) that is Controlled by such Executive 
(or any of its Relatives)) to the Partnership or its Affiliates (including 
without limitation amounts owed pursuant to the Partnership Agreement).

     6.7. Remedies.

          (a) The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are 
cumulative and the use of any one right or remedy by any party shall not 
preclude or waive its right to use any or all other remedies. These rights 
and remedies are given in addition to any other rights the parties may have 
at law or in equity.

          (b) Except where a time period is otherwise specified, no delay 
on the part of any party in the exercise of any right, power, privilege or 
remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any exercise 
or partial exercise of any such right, power, privilege or remedy preclude 
any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power, privilege 
or remedy.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6.8. Waivers and Amendments. The respective rights and obligations of 
the Partnership and Executive under this Agreement may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance, either retroactively or 
prospectively, and either for a specified period of time or indefinitely) 
by such respective party. This Agreement may be amended only with the 
written consent of a duly authorised representative of the Partnership and 
Executive.

     6.9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

     6.10. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.

          (a) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF ALL STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK, AS WELL AS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ALL COURTS TO WHICH AN APPEAL MAY 
BE TAKEN FROM SUCH COURTS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER 
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF 
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY 
PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANCILLARY MEASURES IN AID OF ARBITRATION, 
PROVISIONAL REMEDIES AND INTERIM RELIEF, OR ANY PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE ANY 
ARBITRAL DECISION OR AWARD. EACH PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL 
RIGHTS TO BRING ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING IN OR BEFORE ANY COURT 
OR TRIBUNAL OTHER THAN THE COURTS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND COVENANTS THAT IT 
SHALL NOT SEEK IN ANY MANNER TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH 
IN THIS SECTION 6.10 OR TO CHALLENGE OR SET ASIDE ANY DECISION, AWARD OR 
JUDGMENT OBTAINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS HEREOF.

          (b) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY AND 
ALL OBJECTIONS IT MAY HAVE TO VENUE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE 
INCONVENIENCE OF SUCH FORUM, IN ANY OF SUCH COURTS. IN ADDITION, EACH OF 
THE PARTIES CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY PERSONAL SERVICE OR ANY 
MANNER IN WHICH NOTICES MAY BE DELIVERED HEREUNDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
SECTION 6.14 OF THIS AGREEMENT.

     6.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY 
VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR OTHER 
PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OF THE OTHER 
DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

     6.12. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided 
herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding 
upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators of the 
parties hereto.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6.13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Other Documents 
constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement of the parties 
with regard to the subjects hereof and supersedes in their entirety all 
other prior agreements, whether oral or written, with respect thereto, 
except as provided herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements 
and understandings (including verbal agreements) between Executive and the 
Company regarding grants of equity, equity-based or equity-related rights 
or instruments in any Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
rights promised by Cendant Corporation or its Affiliates in respect of any 
Company), except other agreements with respect to limited partnership 
interests in the Partnership (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any awards 
under the Travelport Limited Restricted Cash Award Program).

     6.14. Notices. All demands, notices, requests, consents and other 
communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in 
writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by facsimile machine 
(with a confirmation copy sent by one of the other methods authorized in 
this Section 6.14), reputable commercial overnight delivery service 
(including Federal Express and U.S. Postal Service overnight delivery 
service), as set forth below:

          If to the Partnership or the Company, addressed to:

TDS Investor (Cayman) L.P.
c/o Travelport Inc.
405 Lexington Avenue, 57th Floor
New York, NY 10174
Attention: General Counsel
Fax: (212) 915-9169

     If to Executive, to the address set forth on the signature page of 
this Agreement or at the current address listed in the Partnerships 
records.

Notices shall be deemed given upon the earlier to occur of (i) receipt by 
the party to whom such notice is directed; (ii) if sent by facsimile 
machine, on the day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in the 
jurisdiction to which such notice is directed) such notice is sent if sent 
(as evidenced by the facsimile confirmed receipt) prior to 5:00 p.m. 
Eastern Time and, if sent after 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, on the day (other 
than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in the jurisdiction to which such 
notice is directed) after which such notice is sent; (iii) on the first 
business day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in the 
jurisdiction to which such notice is directed) following the day the same 
is deposited with the commercial courier if sent by commercial overnight 
delivery service; or (iv) the fifth day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
legal holiday in the jurisdiction to which such notice is directed) 
following deposit thereof with the U.S. Postal Service as aforesaid. Each 
party, by notice duly given in accordance therewith, may specify a 
different address for the giving of any notice hereunder.

     6.15. No Third Party Beneficiaries. There are no third party 
beneficiaries of this Agreement.

     6.16. Agreement Subject to Partnership Agreement and Plan. By entering 
into this Agreement, Executive agrees and acknowledges that Executive has 
received and read a copy of

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Partnership Agreement and the Plan and that the Restricted Equity Units 
are subject to the Partnership Agreement and the Plan. The terms and 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement and the Plan as may be amended from 
time to time are hereby incorporated by reference. In the event of a 
conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or 
provision of the Partnership Agreement or the Plan, the applicable terms 
and provisions of the Partnership Agreement or the Plan will govern and 
prevail.

     6.17. Severability; Titles and Subtitles; Gender; Singular and Plural; 
Counterparts; Facsimile.

          (a) In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or 
impaired thereby.

          (b) The titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement 
are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in 
construing this Agreement.

          (c) The use of any gender in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
include the other genders, and the use of the singular in this Agreement 
shall be deemed to include the plural (and vice versa), wherever 
appropriate.

          (d) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together constitute 
one instrument.

          (e) Counterparts of this Agreement (or applicable signature pages 
hereof) that are manually signed and delivered by facsimile transmission 
shall be deemed to constitute signed original counterparts hereof and shall 
bind the parties signing and delivering in such manner.

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Partnership and Executive have executed this 
Agreement as of the day and year first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	COMPANY:


TDS Investor (Cayman) L.P.
  	 
  	By:   	 TDS Investor (Cayman) GP Ltd.,   	 
  	  	its general partner  	 
 
  	  	 
  	By:   	   	 
  	  	Name:   	  	 
  	  	Title:   	  	 
 
 
 
  	EXECUTIVE:



 
  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Address:
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Telephone No.
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Fax No.
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
WWID:
  	 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
Number of Restricted Equity Units:

 