 EX-10.14 5 v1499573_ex10-14.htm
AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECURITIES SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 2 (the Amendment) dated November 9, 2010 to that 
certain Securities Subscription Agreement (the Agreement) dated July 9, 
2010 as amended by Amendment No.1 to the Securities Subscription Agreement 
dated October 8, 2010, each by and between FlatWorld Acquisition Corp., a 
British Virgin Islands business company (the Company), having its 
principal place of business at Palm Grove House, Palm Grove Park, Road 
Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands, and FWAC Holdings Limited, a 
British Virgin Islands company incorporated with limited liability (the 
Sponsor), having its principal place of business at PO Box 4649, Palm 
Grove House, Palm Grove Park, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin 
Islands.  All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same 
meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.

WHEREAS, on July 9, 2010 the Sponsor subscribed for 1,078,125 Ordinary 
Shares, up to 140,625 of which were subject to complete or partial 
forfeiture; and

WHEREAS, on October 8, 2010 the Company declared a 0.933333 for 1 share 
combination, the result of which left the Sponsor (and sole shareholder of 
the Company) with 1,006,250 Ordinary Shares; and

WHEREAS, on November 9, 2010 the Company declared a 0.5714286 for 1 share 
combination (the Share Combination), the result of which left the Sponsor 
(and sole shareholder of the Company) with 575,000 Ordinary Shares; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Sponsor now wish to amend certain provisions 
of the Agreement as a result of the Share Combination.

Pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Agreement, the Company and the Sponsor 
hereby agree to amend the Agreement, effective on the date hereof, as 
follows:

1.  AMENDMENTS TO THE AGREEMENT.  Section 3.1 is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows:

      In the event the Over-allotment Option granted to the representative
      of the underwriters of the Companys IPO is not exercised in full,
      the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that it shall forfeit any and
      all rights to such number of Shares (up to an aggregate of 75,000
      Shares and pro rata based upon the percentage of the Over-allotment
      Option exercised) such that immediately following such forfeiture,
      the Subscriber (and all other initial shareholders prior to the IPO,
      if any) will own an aggregate number of Shares (not including
      Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of any warrants or any
      Ordinary Shares purchased by Subscriber in the Companys IPO or in
      the aftermarket) equal to 20% of the issued and outstanding Ordinary
      Shares immediately following the IPO.


2.  MUTUAL DRAFTING.  This Amendment is the joint product of the Company 
and the Sponsor and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual 
consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be 
construed for or against any party hereto.


3.  NO OTHER AMENDMENTS; GOVERNING LAW; COUNTERPARTS.  Except as 
specifically set forth in this Amendment, there are no other amendments to 
the Agreement and the Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force 
and effect.  This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the British Virgin Islands.  This 
Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts.  In the event that 
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of 
electronic delivery, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an 
original thereof.
.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment to the 
Agreement as of the date first set forth above.



                              FlatWorld Acquisition Corp.


                              By: /s/ Raj K. Gupta___________
                                   Name:  Raj K. Gupta
                                   Title: Chief Executive Officer



                              FWAC Holdings Limited


                              By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Valenty­­­_______
     
     Name: Jeffrey A. Valenty
     
     Title: Chief Financial Officer









