 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT
Exhibit 10.1


[LOGO]



EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT


made this 10th day of November, 2010


BETWEEN:

SMTC MANUFACTURING CORPORATION OF CANADA, a corporation amalgamated under 
the laws of Ontario

(hereinafter called the Corporation)

- and 

JOHN CALDWELL

(hereinafter called the Executive)


WHEREAS the Executive is currently employed by the Corporation pursuant to 
the Employment Agreement between the Corporation and the Executive made as 
of the 16th day of May, 2007 (the Employment Agreement);


AND WHEREAS unless otherwise provided herein, all terms used herein shall 
have the same meaning as set out in the Employment Agreement;


AND WHEREAS the Corporation and the Executive have mutually agreed to amend 
the Employment Agreement including providing incentives in order to 
facilitate the retention of the Executive until the orderly transition and 
replacement of the Executive by a successor yet to be determined;


NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the of the mutual covenants and 
agreements contained herein, the Corporation and the Executive hereby agree 
to amend the Employment Agreement as provided herein with effect on the 
date above (the Effective Date):


ARTICLE 1  TERM, POSITION AND DUTIES
 
1.1 	Shall be deleted, and replaced with the following:

Term. The employment of the Executive shall continue on the terms and 
conditions of the Employment Agreement, as amended herein until March 31, 
2011, subject to any subsequent written agreement between the Corporation 
and the Executive by which it is agreed that the Executives employment is 
extended beyond March 31, 2011 on such terms as are thereby agreed in 
writing. Should the parties agree in writing to extend the Executives 
employment beyond March 31, 2011, it is currently contemplated that the 
Executives compensation during such extension would be limited to his 
current base salary and current level of benefits only.



SMTC Corporation
 
Headquarters: 635 Hood Road, Markham, Ontario, Canada L3R 4N6
Telephone: 905-479-1810 Fax: 905-479-5326 Web Site: www.smtc.com
Toronto  San Jose  Mexico  China

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
[LOGO]


ARTICLE 2  THE EXECUTIVES OBLIGATIONS
 
2.4 	Shall be amended to add the following sentence:


Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. For greater certainty, this 
restrictive covenant shall survive any termination of the employment of the 
Executive in perpetuity.


The following Sections 2.8 and 2.9 shall be added to Article 2:
 
2.8 	Confirmation of Restrictive Covenants. For the consideration to be 
paid by the Corporation to the Executive hereunder, the Executive hereby 
confirms and acknowledges that he continues to be bound by the restrictive 
covenants contained in Article 2 of the Employment Agreement, that such 
restrictions and limitations are reasonable and necessary to protect the 
interests of the Corporation, that such restrictions and limitations will 
not prevent the Executive from earning a meaningful living, and that 
accordingly all defenses to the enforcement thereof are hereby expressly 
waived.
 
2.9 	The Executive shall prepare and submit to the Board for approval a 
short term transition plan for the business pertaining to the period while 
the Corporation is seeking a successor to replace the Executive. The 
transition plan shall set out prioritized, strategic and operational 
initiatives to be undertaken during such period and those initiatives which 
will not be undertaken by the Executive without the prior approval of the 
Board of Directors.


ARTICLE 3  COMPENSATION
 
3.2 	Shall be amended to include the following final sentence:


The Executive shall not be eligible to participate in the 2011 short term 
incentive plan.
 
3.3 	Shall be amended to add the following final sentence:


The Executive shall not be eligible to receive any long term incentive plan 
stock option grants for the years 2010 and 2011.
 
3.8 	The following provision shall be added to Article 3:


Cancellation of and Release in respect of all DSUs. The Executive hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that upon the Effective Date and for the 
consideration and covenants set forth herein, any and all Deferred Share 
Units previously awarded by the Corporation to the Executive are hereby 
surrendered and forever cancelled and of no further force and effect, and 
the Executive shall have no further entitlement to any such award of 
Deferred Share Units.


ARTICLE 4  TERMINATION
 
4.2 	Shall be deleted, and replaced by the following:


Termination Without Cause. The Corporation may, with the prior approval of 
a majority of the independent members of the Board, terminate the 
Executives employment without cause at any time prior to March 31, 2011 
upon providing the Executive with written notice of such termination and, 
in addition to satisfying any other
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
[LOGO]


entitlements which the Executive may have under the Employment Agreement as 
amended by this Employment Agreement Amendment, the Corporation shall, 
subject to Section 4.13 hereof, make the immediate payment to the Executive 
of a lump sum amount equal to (i) the Executives salary, vacation pay, 
automobile allowance and the value of all benefits accrued and payable up 
to the date of such termination plus (ii) the Executives salary, vacation 
pay, automobile allowance and the value of all benefits which would but for 
the termination be otherwise payable or provided to the Executive from the 
date of such termination to March 31, 2011 or such later date to which the 
Executive and the Corporation have agreed to extend the Executives 
employment pursuant to Section 1.1. In addition, the Corporation shall pay 
the Executive the 2010 short term bonus award, if any, in accordance with 
the Corporations approved 2010 short term incentive plan which for greater 
certainty shall not be paid until after completion by the Corporation of 
the audit and release of its 2010 financial results and shall be based 
solely upon such actual audited results relative to the applicable approved 
targets.
 
4.3 	Shall be deleted, and replaced by the following:


Termination by the Executive. If prior to March 31, 2011 the Executive 
terminates his employment by notice in writing or otherwise resigns from 
his employment hereunder for any reason other than for Good Reason (as 
defined below), the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any further 
remuneration or payments of any kind or nature from the Corporation, save 
for any compensation accrued and earned but unpaid as at the effective date 
of such termination or resignation (excluding 2010 short term bonus award 
and save any vested stock options including those vested pursuant to 
Section 4.11 below. For greater certainty, in the event that the Executive 
provides advance written notice of termination of his employment other than 
for Good Reason, the Corporation may in its sole discretion waive all or a 
portion of such notice and the effective date of such termination shall be 
the last day of employment of the Executive as so determined. At the 
request of the Corporation, after such termination or resignation by the 
Executive other than for Good Reason, the Executive shall submit his 
written resignation as an employee of the Corporation and his written 
resignations as a director and officer of the Corporation and its 
Affiliates, as applicable. Good Reason wherever used in this Agreement 
means any breach by the Corporation of the Employment Agreement as amended 
by this Employment Agreement Amendment or any other reason that would 
constitute a constructive dismissal of the Executive at common law; 
provided, however the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the 
recruitment by the Corporation of a successor to replace the Executive and 
the short term transition plan to be implemented as provided for in Section 
2.9 shall not constitute grounds for a claim for constructive dismissal. 
The Executive shall provide the Corporation with prior written notice of 
any claim that Good Reason exists, together with the particulars thereof 
and the Corporation shall have ten (10) Business Days to take steps to 
rectify the circumstances giving rise to such claim or to otherwise dispute 
such claim.
 
4.4 	Shall be amended to delete the first paragraph of Section 4.4 and add 
the following:


Change of Control.
 
(i) 	In the event that at any time after the Effective Date and on or 
before the later of March 31, 2011 and such date on which the Executives 
employment ceases if his employment has been extended pursuant to Section 
1.1 hereof, the Corporation has been provided with a good faith and bona 
fide non-binding letter of intent or other comparable term sheet or 
memorandum of understanding in respect of a transaction which would 
constitute a Change of Control (as such definition is amended hereby) 
(hereinafter called an Expression of Interest), and such Change of 
Control transaction with such party (or affiliate) to the Expression of 
Interest in fact closes on or before December 31, 2011, the Corporation 
will provide the Executive with a lump sum payment, less applicable 
statutory deductions, equal to two times his current aggregate Base Salary 
plus the target bonus payable to the Executive under the 2010 Short Term 
Bonus Plan, which shall be immediately payable upon closing of such Change 
of Control transaction.
 
(ii) 	

In the event that at any time after the date hereof and on or before 
December 31, 2010, the Corporation has been provided with an Expression of 
Interest from an entity at any time agreed to in writing by the parties 
hereto (Agreed Party) and such Change of Control transaction with such 
Agreed Party (or any affiliate thereof) in fact closes on or before 
December 31, 2011, in addition to the payment in paragraph

 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
[LOGO]
 
  	4.4(i) above, the Executive shall also be entitled to the compensation 
set out in the last sentence of Section 4.10 hereof, which shall be 
immediately payable upon closing of such Change of Control transaction.
 
(iii) 	For greater certainty and notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Employment Agreement, as amended hereby, in the event that 
the Executive is terminated for cause or otherwise resigns from or 
terminates his employment other than for Good Reason prior to March 31, 
2011 or such later date on which the Executives employment ceases if his 
employment has been extended pursuant to Article 1.1 hereof, the Executive 
shall not be entitled to any amounts otherwise payable hereunder as a 
result of a Change of Control transaction.
 
(iv) 	For purposes hereof, the definition of Change of Control as defined 
in Section 4.4 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended to delete from 
Section 4.4(b) the words or other liquidation or dissolution and insert 
in their place the words but expressly excluding by way of a forced 
liquidation or any other distressed sale.


The following provisions are added to Article 4 of the Employment 
Agreement:

4.10 Retention Incentive. Provided that the Executive does not resign from 
or otherwise terminate his employment, other than for Good Reason, prior to 
March 31, 2011 or the Executive has not been terminated for cause provided 
for in Section 4.1 of the Employment Agreement prior to such date, the 
Executive shall receive from the Corporation a retention incentive of US 
$708,000.00, payable on the earliest of (i) March 31, 2011, (ii) the date 
the Board terminates the Executives employment for any reason (other than 
for cause pursuant to Section 4.1) and (iii) the date of closing of any 
Change of Control transaction. For greater certainty, in the event of a 
closing of a Change of Control transaction on or before December 31, 2011 
with an Agreed Party, provided the Board has received after the date hereof 
and on or before December 31, 2010 an Expression of Interest from such 
Agreed Party the retention incentive shall be increased by the sum of US 
$150,000.00, with such increase payable by the Corporation to the Executive 
at closing of such Change of Control transaction.


4.11 Vesting and Exercise of Stock Options. All outstanding unvested stock 
options in the Corporation and in SMTC Corporation held by the Executive 
shall automatically vest on the earliest of (i) the date that such stock 
options vest in accordance with their terms; (ii) March 31, 2011; (iii) the 
date of the appointment of new Chief Executive Officer; (iv) the date the 
Board has terminated the Executives employment hereunder; or (v) the date 
that Good Reason exists provided that it has not been rectified by the 
Board as provided in Article 4.3 hereof. As a matter of record, the parties 
have listed on Schedule A the current unvested stock options held by the 
Executive. The Executive shall have one (1) year from the date of any 
termination of his employment to exercise all unexercised vested options.


4.12 Release re Constructive Dismissal Claim. The Executive hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that except in the event of the occurrence of Good 
Reason, the Executive hereby waives any claim or cause of action for 
constructive termination or dismissal of the Executives employment with 
the Corporation arising solely from the negotiation and entering into of 
this Employment Agreement Amendment.


4.13 Payment of Amounts Hereunder. Payment of any amounts to which the 
Executive is entitled hereunder upon or following the termination of his 
employment (other than any compensation accrued and earned but unpaid as of 
the date of the termination of the Executives employment) shall be in 
consideration of, and shall be conditioned upon, (i) the Executive 
providing a full and final release in favour of the Corporation, its 
Affiliates and their respective directors and officers in respect of any 
and all claims, actions, damages and obligations arising from his 
employment and the cessation thereof in form customary for a release of 
this nature and mutually acceptable to the parties acting reasonably and 
(ii) the Executive submitting his written resignation as an employee of the 
Corporation and his written resignations as a director and officer of the 
Corporation and its Affiliates, as applicable, with effect as of the date 
of the termination, resignation or expiration of the Executives employment 
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such full and final release 
shall not apply to any failure or refusal of the Corporation to pay to the 
Executive any amounts to which the Executive is entitled under the 
Employment Agreement as amended hereby.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
[LOGO]


ARTICLE 5  MISCELLANEOUS

The following provisions are added to Article 5:

5.13 Independent Legal Advice. The Executive hereby acknowledges that he 
has been provided with an opportunity to seek and was not prevented nor 
discouraged from seeking independent legal advice prior to the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement. In the event he did not avail himself of 
that opportunity prior to signing this Agreement, he did so voluntarily 
without any undue pressure and agrees that the failure to obtain such 
advice shall not be used by him as a defence to enforcement of the 
obligations and terms hereunder. The Executive acknowledges that he has 
read and understood the terms hereof and has not relied on any 
representation (oral or otherwise) by the Corporation other than those 
explicitly stated in this Agreement.


5.14 Reimbursement for Executives Legal Fees. The Executive shall be 
entitled to reimbursement for his reasonable legal fees and disbursements, 
plus HST, incurred in connection with the negotiation and entering into of 
this Agreement, up to a limit of CDN $15,000.


5.15 Employment Agreement. Except as expressly provided for herein, all 
other terms and provisions contained in the Employment Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect; provided, however, in the event of a 
conflict between the provisions hereof and the Employment Agreement, the 
provisions hereof shall prevail. All references herein to Articles and 
Sections are to the Articles and Sections of the Employment Agreement as 
amended herein or which are added to the Employment Agreement as provided 
herein.


5.16 Confidentiality. Except as required by law, as otherwise agreed to in 
writing, or for the purposes of obtaining financial, tax or legal advice, 
the parties shall keep the contents of this Agreement confidential.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement this 10th day 
of November, 2010.
 
SMTC MANUFACTURING CORPORATION OF CANADA
Per: 	  	/S/ JOHN MARINUCCI
  	JOHN MARINUCCI, Director SMTC Corporation
 
  	 	  	
  	  	} 	  	 
  	  	} 	  	 
  	  	} 	  	 
  	  	} 	  	 
   	  	} 	  	/S/ JOHN E. CALDWELL
Witness 	  	 	  	JOHN E. CALDWELL
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


[LOGO]


SCHEDULE A        UNVESTED STOCK OPTIONS AT NOVEMBER 10, 2010
 

Grant Date

   	Total Number
of Options
Granted 	  	   	Exercise
Price 	  	   	Vesting
Pattern/Period 	  	   	Total Number
of Unvested  Options
at November 10, 2010 	 

 November 14, 2007

   	  	115,000 	   	   	$ 	1.64 	   	   	  	33/33/33 	   	   	  	38,333 	  

 November 10, 2008

   	  	100,000 	   	   	$ 	0.70 	   	   	  	33/33/33 	   	   	  	33,333 	  

 November 10, 2009

   	  	100,000 	   	   	$ 	1.00 	   	   	  	33/33/33 	   	   	  	66,667 	  
   	  	  	  	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	  	  	 
   	  	315,000 	   	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	  	138,333 	  
   	  	  	  	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	  	  	 
 
6