 EX-10.2 3 ex102formwarrant.htm FORM OF WARRANT
EXHIBIT 10.2

DEBENTURE WARRANT
 
THIS WARRANT AND THE WARRANT SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS.  THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE 
OF THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED 
IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS WARRANT OR 
THE WARRANT SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR 
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS, 
INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 
Issuer:                                NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
Class of Stock:                  Common Stock
Issue Date:                         [Insert date of sale]
Expiration Date:                 [Date three (3) years from date of sale]
Warrant No.
 
This Debenture Warrant (this “Warrant”) is being issued pursuant to that 
certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of even date herewith (the “
Purchase Agreement”) by and among NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and, among others, ______ [Name of Purchaser] 
(the “Holder”). The Company and the Holder may hereinafter be referred to 
individually as a “Party” or collectively as the “Parties.” All capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such 
term in the Purchase Agreement.
 
This Warrant is one of the Warrants (each as defined in the Purchase 
Agreement) issued in the Company’s July 2010 Offering pursuant to the 
Purchase Agreement.
 
1.           Number of Shares.  In connection with the purchase by 
Purchaser of a Convertible Debenture (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) 
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the 
Holder, pursuant to this Warrant, subject to the terms and condition set 
forth herein, the right to purchase ______ shares (the “Warrant Shares”) of 
the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 (the “Common Stock”), at a 
price per share equal to the Exercise Price set forth in Section 2 below.
 
2.           Exercise Price.  The exercise price for the Warrant Shares 
shall be $2.00 per Share, as adjusted pursuant to Section 6 (the “Exercise 
Price”).
 
3.           Exercise Period.  The Warrant may be exercised (the “Exercise 
Period”) commencing on the date set forth above as the Issue Date (the “
Issue Date”) set forth above and ending on the date set forth above as the 
Expiration Date (the “Expiration Date”).
 
4.           Method of Exercise.  This Warrant may be exercised in whole or 
in part, at any time or from time to time during the Exercise Period, by 
surrender of this Warrant and delivery of a completed Exercise Form 
attached hereto as Schedule A, duly executed and directed to the Company at 
its principal place of business, accompanied by certified funds payable to 
the Company in the amount of the appropriate Exercise Price.  Upon receipt 
of the Exercise Form and the Exercise Price, the Company shall make prompt 
delivery (in any event within three (3) Business Days (as defined in the 
Purchase Agreement) of receipt of the Exercise Form and Exercise Price) of 
a certificate evidencing the number of whole Warrant Shares to which the 
Holder may be entitled, and pay to the Holder, in lieu of issuing any 
fractional Share, cash in an amount equal to the amount of any fraction 
associated with any such
 

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 fractional Share multiplied by the then effective Exercise Price.  In case 
of the purchase of less than all the Warrant Shares purchasable under this 
Warrant, the Company shall cancel this Warrant upon surrender hereof and 
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date for the 
balance of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder.
 
5.           Rights as Stockholder.  The Holder shall have no rights as a 
stockholder of the Company with respect to any Warrant Shares prior to the 
exercise of this Warrant, and then only with respect to those shares of 
Common Stock actually acquired upon such due and proper exercise.
 
6.           Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Warrant Shares.  
The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares (or amount of other 
securities or property) shall be subject to adjustment from time to time 
upon the occurrence of certain events described in this Section 6.
 
    (a)           Subdivision or Combination of Stock.
 
       (i)           If the Company shall effect a stock dividend or stock
       split or subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
       greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
       prior to such stock dividend, stock split or subdivision shall be
       proportionately reduced, and conversely, if the Company shall effect
       a reverse stock split or combine its outstanding shares of Common
       Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect
       immediately prior to such reverse stock split or combination shall
       be proportionately increased.  Upon each adjustment of the Exercise
       Price, the Holder of this Warrant shall thereafter be entitled to
       purchase, at the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment, the
       number of shares obtained by multiplying the Exercise Price in
       effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the number of shares
       purchasable pursuant hereto immediately prior to such adjustment,
       and dividing the product thereof by the Exercise Price resulting
       from such adjustment.
 
       (ii)           Notwithstanding Section 6(a)(i) above, no adjustment
       to the Exercise Price or the number of Warrant Shares shall be made
       as a result of the Company’s planned 1-for-2 reverse stock split of
       the Common Stock which the Company approved as of July 23, 2010.
 
    (b)           Dividends in Common Stock, Other Stock, Property,
    Reclassification.  If the holders of Common Stock (or any shares of
    stock or other securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of
    this Warrant) shall have received or become entitled to receive,
    without payment therefor,
 
       (i)           Common Stock or any shares of stock or other
       securities that are directly or indirectly convertible into or
       exchangeable for Common Stock, or any rights or options to subscribe
       for, purchase or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing by way of
       dividend or other distribution (other than shares of Common Stock
       issued as a stock dividend, stock split or subdivision, adjustments
       in respect of which shall be covered by the terms of Section 6(a) 
       above),
 
       (ii)           any cash or property paid or payable otherwise than
       as a cash dividend (other than a liquidation or dissolution, which
       shall be covered by the terms of Section 6(d) below), or
 

2 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (iii)           additional shares of Common Stock or additional
       stock or other securities or property (including cash) by way of
       spin-off, split-up, reclassification, recapitalization,
       reorganization, combination of shares or similar corporate
       rearrangement (other than shares of Common Stock issued as a stock
       dividend, stock split or subdivision, adjustments in respect of
       which shall be covered by the terms of Section 6(a) above),
 
    then, and in each such case, the Holder hereof shall, upon the exercise
    of this Warrant, be entitled to receive, in addition to the number of
    shares of Common Stock receivable upon such exercise, and without
    payment of any additional consideration therefor, the amount of stock
    and other securities and property (including cash in the cases referred
    to in clauses (ii) and (iii) above) which such Holder would hold on the
    date of such exercise had such Holder been the holder of record of such
    Common Stock as of the date on which holders of Common Stock received
    or became entitled to receive such shares or all other additional stock
    and other securities and property.
 
    (c)           Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger
    or Sale.  If any reclassification, recapitalization or reorganization,
    or consolidation or merger of the Company with another corporation, or
    the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or other similar
    transaction, shall be effected in such a way that holders of Common
    Stock shall be entitled to receive, with respect to or in exchange for
    their shares of Common Stock, securities or other assets or property
    (an “Organic Change”) and the Company is the resulting or surviving
    corporation of such Organic Change, then, as a condition of such
    Organic Change, provisions shall be made by the Company whereby the
    Holder hereof shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive
    (in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock of the Company purchasable
    and receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to
    such Organic Change) such shares of stock, securities or other assets
    or property as may be issued or payable in connection with such Organic
    Change with respect to or in exchange for the number of outstanding
    shares of such Common Stock purchasable and receivable upon the
    exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such Organic Change. In
    the event of any Organic Change, appropriate provision shall be made by
    the Company with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of
    this Warrant to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without
    limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Exercise Price and of the
    number of shares (or amount of stock, other securities or property)
    purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall
    thereafter be applicable, in relation to any shares of stock,
    securities or property thereafter deliverable upon the exercise hereof.
     In the event of any Organic Change pursuant to which the Company is
    not the surviving or resulting corporation, prior to the consummation
    thereof, the corporation resulting from such Organic Change or the
    corporation purchasing such assets shall assume by written instrument
    the obligation to deliver to the Holder such shares of stock,
    securities or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions,
    the Holder may be entitled to purchase.
 
    (d)           Certain Events.  If any change in the outstanding Common
    Stock of the Company or any other event occurs as to which the other
    provisions of this Section 6 are not strictly applicable or if strictly
    applicable would not fairly protect the purchase rights of the Holder
    of the Warrant in accordance with such provisions, then the Board of
    Directors of the Company shall make an adjustment in the number and
    class of shares or other securities or property available under the
    Warrant, the Exercise Price or the application of such provisions, so
    as to protect such purchase rights as aforesaid. The adjustment shall
    be such as will give the Holder of the Warrant upon exercise for the
    same aggregate Exercise Price the total number, class and kind of
    shares or other securities or property as the Holder would have owned
    had the Warrant been exercised prior to the event and had the Holder
    continued to hold such shares until after the event requiring
    adjustment.
 

3 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (e)           No Impairment.  The Company shall not, by amendment of
    its articles or certificate of incorporation or through a
    reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
    issue, or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or
    seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
    observed or performed under this Warrant by the Company, but shall at
    all times assist in carrying out all of the provisions of this Warrant
    and in taking all such action as may be reasonably necessary or
    appropriate to protect the Holder’s rights hereunder against
    impairment. If the Company takes any action affecting its Common Stock
    other than as described above that adversely affects the Holder’s
    rights under this Warrant, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted
    downward and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted upward in
    such a manner that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant is
    unchanged.
 
    (f)           Notices of Change.
 
       (i)           Immediately upon any adjustment in the number or class
       of shares subject to this Warrant and of the Exercise Price, the
       Company shall give written notice thereof to the Holder, and furnish
       the Holder with a certificate from its Chief Financial Officer
       setting forth in reasonable detail such adjustment and the facts
       upon which such adjustment is based. The Company shall, upon written
       request, furnish the Holder a certificate setting forth the Exercise
       Price in effect upon the date thereof and the series of adjustments
       leading to such Exercise Price,
 
       (ii)           The Company shall give written notice to the Holder
       at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date on which the
       Company closes its books or takes a record for determining rights to
       receive any dividends or distributions,
 
       (iii)           The Company shall also give written notice to the
       Holder at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date on which
       an Organic Change shall take place, and
 
       (iv)           The Company shall give written notice to the Holder
       at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the effective date of
       any proposed liquidation, or dissolution or winding up of the
       Company.
 
    (g)           Calculations.  All calculations under this Section 6 
    shall be made to the nearest 1/10th of a cent or the nearest 1/100th 
    of a share, as applicable.  The number of shares of Common Stock
    outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by
    or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such
    shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.
 
    (h)           Adjustments.  Notwithstanding any provision of this 
    Section 6, no adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be required if
    such adjustment is less than $0.001; provided, however, that any
    adjustments that by reason of this Section 6(h) are not required to be
    made shall be carried forward and taken into account for purposes of
    any subsequent adjustment.
 
7.           Investment Representations.
 
    (a)           The Holder represents and warrants to the Company that
    the Holder is acquiring the Warrant and the Warrant Shares for the
    Holder’s own account for the purpose of investment and not with a view
    toward resale or other distribution thereof in violation of the Act.
    The Holder acknowledges that the effect of the representations and
    warranties is that the economic risk of the investment in the Warrant
    must be borne by the Holder.  These representations and warranties
    shall be deemed to be continuing representations and warranties and
    shall be in full force and effect upon such exercise of the Warrant
    granted hereby. The Holder has such knowledge and experience in
    financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the
    merits and risks of its investment, and has the ability to bear the
    economic risks of its investment.
 

4 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
    (b)           In order to enable the Company to comply with the Act and
    any relevant federal, state, local or foreign order, writ, injunction,
    judgment, settlement, award, decree, statute, law, rule or regulation,
    the Company may require the Holder, as a condition of the exercising of
    the Warrant granted hereunder, to give written assurance satisfactory
    to the Company that the shares of Common Stock subject to the Warrant
    are being acquired for its own account, for investment only, with no
    view to the distribution of same, and that any subsequent resale of any
    such shares of Common Stock either shall be made pursuant to a
    registration statement under the Act, which shall become effective and
    is current with regard to the shares of Common Stock being sold, or
    shall be made pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act.
     If any Warrant Shares are not subject to an effective registration
    statement under the Act, the certificates evidencing such shall bear
    the following restrictive legend or a substantially similar legend:
 
       “THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
       UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY APPLICABLE,
       STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR
       SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
       REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE
       STATE LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO NYTEX
       ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.”
 
    (c)           The Holder represents and warrants that the Holder is an
    “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D
    of the Act.
 
8.           Transfer.
 
    (a)           Transfer Restricted.  This Warrant, and any rights
    hereunder, may not be assigned or transferred, except as provided in
    the legend hereon and in accordance with and subject to provisions of
    (i) all applicable state securities Laws and (ii) the Act, and the
    rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  Any purported transfer
    or assignment made other than in accordance with this Section 8 shall
    be null and void and of no force and effect.
 
    (b)           Assignment.  Any assignment permitted hereunder shall be
    made by surrender of this Warrant to the Company at its principal place
    of business as set forth below with a Form of Assignment in
    substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly completed and
    executed and funds sufficient to pay any transfer tax, if any.  In such
    event, the Company shall, without charge, execute and deliver a new
    Warrant in the name of the assignee named in such instrument of
    assignment in the amount so assigned and this Warrant shall be promptly
    canceled; provided, however, that in the event that the Holder hereof
    shall assign or transfer less than the full amount of this Warrant, a
    new Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so
    assigned or transferred shall be issued in the name of the Holder, at
    the sole expense of the Company.
 
9.           Redemption of Warrants.  The Company may call the Warrants for 
redemption at $.01 for shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise 
hereof at the time of such redemption; provided:

(a)
That not less than forty (40) days prior written notice has been provided 
to the Holder by the Company;
 

5 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)
That the average closing trading price of the Common Stock, subject to 
Section 6 herein, for the fifteen (15) days prior to the written notice set 
forth in Section 9(a) has exceeded $2.50 per Share; and
 

(c)
That the Company limits its redemption to 25% of Holder’s total purchasable 
shares represented by the Warrants per month.
 
On and after the date of redemption, the Holder shall have the right to 
receive only $0.01 per share of Common Stock underlying the Warrants.

10.           Loss, etc. of Warrant.  Upon (i) receipt of evidence 
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation 
of the Warrant, (ii) receipt of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company, if the Warrant is lost, stolen, or destroyed, (iii) placement of a 
bond (if required by the Company) and indemnity satisfactory in form and 
substance to the Company, and (iv) surrender and cancellation of the 
Warrant, if mutilated, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder 
a new Warrant of like date, tenor and denomination.
 
11.           Charges, Taxes and Expenses.  Issuance of certificates for 
shares of Common Stock shall be made without charge to the Holder for any 
issuance tax in respect of such issuance (including documentary, stamp or 
similar tax) or other cost incurred by the Company in connection with such 
conversion and the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, other than 
any transfer taxes resulting from the transfer of converted shares to a 
person or persons other than the converting holder.  Upon exercise of this 
Warrant, the Company shall take all such actions as are necessary in order 
to insure that the Common Stock issuable with respect to such conversion 
shall be validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable.
 
12.           Due Authorization; Compliance.  The authorization, sale, 
issuance and delivery of the Warrant have been approved by all requisite 
corporate action of the Company. The exercise of the Warrant into shares of 
Common Stock are not and will not be subject to any preemptive rights or 
rights of first refusal that have not been properly waived or complied with 
at or prior to Closing of the Purchase Agreement.
 
13.           GOVERNING LAW; VENUE.  THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD 
TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OR PRINCIPLES THEREOF.  EACH PARTY HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL 
COURTS SERVING DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS, FOR THE PURPOSES OF ANY ACTION ARISING 
OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT, BY 
WAY OF MOTION, AS A DEFENSE OR OTHERWISE, IN ANY SUCH ACTION (A) THAT SUCH 
PARTY IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE ABOVE-NAMED 
COURTS, (B) THAT THE ACTION IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM, (C) THAT 
IT IS IMMUNE FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, 
(D) THAT THE VENUE OF THE SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER, OR (E) 
THAT THIS WARRANT, OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, MAY NOT BE ENFORCED IN OR 
BY SUCH COURTS.  IN THE EVENT THAT ANY PROVISION OF THIS WARRANT DELIVERED 
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH IS INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE UNDER ANY APPLICABLE 
STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW, THEN SUCH PROVISION SHALL BE DEEMED INOPERATIVE TO 
THE EXTENT THAT IT MAY CONFLICT THEREWITH AND SHALL BE DEEMED MODIFIED TO 
CONFORM TO SUCH STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW SO LONG AS THE ECONOMIC OR LEGAL 
SUBSTANCE OF THE TRANSACTIONS
 

6 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IS NOT AFFECTED IN ANY MANNER MATERIALLY ADVERSE TO ANY 
PARTY.  ANY SUCH PROVISION WHICH MAY PROVE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE UNDER 
ANY LAW SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY OTHER 
PROVISION OF THIS WARRANT, WHICH SHALL REMAIN ENFORCEABLE IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ITS RESPECTIVE TERMS.
 
14.           Reservation of Shares; Issuance of Shares.  The Company has 
reserved and will keep available, out of the authorized and unissued shares 
of Common Stock, the full number of Warrant Shares sufficient to provide 
for the exercise of the rights of the Holder hereunder. The Company 
covenants and agrees that, in accordance with the terms herein, all shares 
of Common Stock that may be delivered upon the appropriate exercise of the 
Warrant will, upon delivery, be duly paid and non-assessable and shall be 
free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the purchase thereof 
hereunder.
 
15.           Successors.  All the covenants and provisions of this Warrant 
by or for the benefit of the Company or the Holder shall bind and inure to 
the benefit of their respective successors and permitted assigns.
 
16.           Notices.  All notices required or permitted hereunder shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given and sent as follows:
 
    (a)           upon personal delivery to the party to be notified;
 
    (b)           when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal
    business hours of the recipient, or if delivered after normal business
    hours, then on the next Business Day;
 
    (c)           three (3) Business Days after having been sent by
    registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
    prepaid; or
 
    (d)           one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized
    overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
    verification of receipt.
 
If to the Company, to:
 
       NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
 
       12222 Merit Drive, Suite 1850
 
       Dallas, Texas 75251
 
       Attention:  Kenneth Kase Conte, Chief Financial Officer
 
       Facsimile:  972-692-7162
 
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
       Strasburger & Price, LLP
 
       901 Main Street, Suite 4400
 
       Dallas, Texas 75202
 
       Attention:  Kevin Woltjen, Esq.
 
       Facsimile:  214-659-4025
 
If to the Holder, to:
       __________________________
 
       __________________________
 
       __________________________
 
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 

7 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    __________________________
 
    __________________________
 
    __________________________
 
    Attention:  _________________
 
    Facsimile:  ________________
 
or at such other address as the Company or the Holder may designate by 
written notice to the other in accordance with this Section 16.
 
17.           Attorneys Fees. In the event of any dispute between the 
parties concerning the terms and provisions of this Warrant, the party 
prevailing in such dispute shall be entitled to collect from the other 
party all costs incurred in such dispute, including reasonable attorneys 
fees.
 
18.           Remedies.  The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of 
its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by 
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions hereby. Accordingly, 
the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its 
obligations under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event 
of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this 
Warrant, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties 
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing 
or curing any breach of this Warrant and to enforce specifically the terms 
and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and 
without any bond or other security being required.
 
19.           Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part of the Holder hereof 
in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as 
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such 
power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of 
any other right, power or privilege.  All rights and remedies existing 
hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies 
otherwise available.
 
20.           Counterparts.  This Warrant may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties 
actually executing such counterparts, and all of which together shall 
constitute one instrument.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.  Signature Page Follows.]

8 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be 
executed on the __________ day of July, 2010.
 
                                                    NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS,
                      INC.



                                                    By: 
                      ________________________
                                                           Name:  Kenneth
                      Kase Conte
                                                           Its:  Chief
                      Financial Officer

9 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE A
 
EXERCISE FORM
 
(To be Executed by the Registered Holder to Exercise
the Rights to Purchase Common Shares Evidenced by the Warrant)
 
NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
12222 Merit Drive, Suite 1850
Dallas, Texas 75251
 
The undersigned, _________________, hereby irrevocably subscribes for 
_________ shares of Common Stock in NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Debenture Warrant 
dated as of July ____, 2010, and herewith makes payment of $__________ 
therefore, and requests that a certificate for such shares be issued in the 
name of the undersigned and be delivered to the undersigned at the address 
stated below. The undersigned makes the representations and warranties set 
forth in Section 7 of the Debenture Warrant.
 
As provided for in the Debenture Warrant, the undersigned further requests 
that, in the event the number of shares subscribed for herein shall not be 
all of the shares of Common Stock in NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc. 
purchasable under the Debenture Warrant, a new Warrant of like tenor for 
the balance of the warrant not exercised be delivered to the undersigned.
 
Name:  _________________________________________________________________
Signed:  ________________________________________________________________
Address:________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________ 
_______________________________________________________________________ 
Date:___________________________________________________________________

 

10 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE B
 
ASSIGNMENT FORM
 
(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required 
information.
Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant)
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, _____________________________________ hereby sells, 
assigns and transfers all of the rights of the undersigned under the 
attached Warrant with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock 
covered thereby set forth below, unto:
 

Name of Assignee
Address
Number of Shares
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 

By:  _______________________________
Name:  _______________________
Title:  ________________________
 
Signature Guaranteed:
 
By:  ___________________________
 
The signature should be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution 
pursuant to Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


11 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

