 EX-10.1 5 v202169_ex10-1.htm
 
Exhibit 10.1

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
- [SERIES B][SERIES C], TRANCHE 1 -
 
THIS NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made as of the ____ day 
of November 2010 by and between Advaxis, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
“Company”), and _________ hereto (the “Investor”).
 
WHEREAS, the Investor is willing to lend the Company the amounts set forth 
on Schedule A hereto pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and a 
promissory note (a “Note”) convertible into shares of the Company’s common 
stock, $0.001 par value (the “Common Stock”), in accordance with the terms 
of the Note.
 
WHEREAS, the Investor wishes to purchase and the Company wishes to sell, 
upon the terms and condition stated in the Agreement, (i) a Note in the 
aggregate principal amount as is set forth opposite the Investors name on 
Schedule A hereto (the “Note”) and (ii) a warrant to acquire up to that 
aggregate number shares of Common Stock as is set forth opposite the 
Investor’s name on Schedule A hereto, in (the “Common Stock”), all as more 
particularly described in the form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A 
and for warrants, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B 
(the “Warrants”) (as exercised, collectively, (the “Warrant Shares”); and
 
WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that the obligation to repay the Note 
shall be an unsecured obligation of the Company.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in consideration of the 
premises and the mutual agreements, representations and warranties, 
provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto, intending to 
be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:
 
1. Purchase and Sale of Note and Warrants.  On the Closing Date (as 
hereinafter defined), subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the Investor hereby agrees to purchase and the Company shall 
sell and issue (i) a Note in the principal amount set forth opposite the 
Investor’s name on Schedule A hereto and (ii) a Warrant to acquire that 
number of shares of Warrant Shares as is set forth opposite the Investor’s 
name on Schedule A hereto (the “Warrant Shares”).
 
2. Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Investor of the Note and the 
Warrants to be purchased by each the Investor at the Closing shall be the 
amount set forth opposite the Investor’s name on Schedule A hereto (the “
Purchase Price”). The Note will be issued with an original issue discount 
of [ ]%.  The Investor shall pay $[ ] for each $1.00 of principal amount of 
Note and the related Warrants to be purchased at the Closing.  The Investor 
and the Company agree that the Note and the Warrants constitute an 
“investment unit” for purposes of Section 1273(c) (2) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).  At the Closing the Investor 
shall fund the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available 
funds (to an account designated by the Company).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3. The Closing(s).  Subject to the conditions set forth below, the purchase 
and sale of the Note and the Warrants shall take place at the offices of 
Greenberg Traurig, LLP, The MetLife Building, 200 Park Avenue, New York, 
New York 10166, on the date hereof or at such other time and place as the 
Company and the Investor mutually agree (the “Closing” and the “Closing 
Date”).  At the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Investor:  (i) 
the Investor’s original Note in the principal amount set forth opposite the 
Investor’s name on Schedule A; and (ii) a warrant certificate representing 
the Warrants issuable to the Investor in the amount set forth opposite the 
Investor’s name on Schedule A.  At the Closing, the Investor shall deliver 
to the Company an executed IRS Form W-9.
 
4. Closing Conditions.
 
4.1 Condition’s to Investor’s Obligations.  The obligation of the Investor 
to purchase and fund its Note at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment, 
to the Investor’s reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the Closing, of 
each of the following conditions:
 
(a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and warranties of 
the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all 
material respects on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date as 
if made on and as of such date.
 
(b) Note, Warrant Certificates.  At the Closing, the Company shall have 
tendered to the Investor the appropriate Note and Warrants and other 
deliverables set forth herein.
 
(c) No Actions.  No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or 
legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed before any 
court, governmental agency or authority or legislative body to enjoin, 
restrain, prohibit or obtain substantial damages in respect of, this 
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
(d) Proceedings and Documents.  All proceedings in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments incident 
to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the 
Investor, and the Investor shall have received all such counterpart 
originals or certified or other copies of such documents as they may 
reasonably request.
 
4.2 Condition’s to the Company’s Obligations.  The obligation of the 
Company to sell and issue a Note at the applicable Closing is subject to 
the fulfillment, to the Company’s reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at 
the Closing in question, of each of the following conditions:
 
(a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and warranties of 
the Investor contained in this Agreement (other than Section 6.2 and 6.3) 
shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof and 
on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date.  The 
representations of the Investor contained in Sections 6.2 and 6.3 shall be 
true and correct in all respects on the date hereof and on and as of the 
Closing Date as if made on and as of such date.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b) Purchase Price.  At the Closing, the Investor shall have tendered to 
the Company the Purchase Price.
 
(c) Deliverables.  At the Closing, the Investor shall have tendered to the 
Company the appropriate deliverables set forth herein.
 
(d) No Actions.  No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or 
legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed before any 
court, governmental agency or authority or legislative body to enjoin, 
restrain, prohibit, or obtain substantial damages in respect of, this 
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
(e) Proceedings and Documents.  All proceedings in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments incident 
to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the 
Company and the Company shall have received all such counterpart originals 
or certified or other copies of such documents as the Company may 
reasonably request.
 
5. Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company hereby 
represents and warrants to Investor that:
 
5.1 Organization, Good Standing and Qualification.  The Company is a 
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware.  The Company is duly qualified to transact 
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure 
to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or 
properties.
 
5.2 Capitalization and Voting Rights.  The authorized capital of the 
Company as of the date hereof consists of:
 
(a) Preferred Stock.  5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 
per share (the “Preferred Stock”), of which ______ are presently issued and 
outstanding.
 
(b) Common Stock.  500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per 
share (“Common Stock”), of which ________ shares were issued and 
outstanding as of _________, 2010.
 
5.3 Authorization.  All corporate action on the part of the Company, its 
officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrant and the performance 
of all obligations of the Company hereunder and thereunder, and the 
authorization (or reservation for issuance), sale and issuance of the Note 
and the Warrants, and the Common Stock into which the Note and Warrants are 
convertible or exercisable (the “Underlying Securities” and together with 
the Note and the Warrants, the “Securities”), have been taken on or prior 
to the date hereof.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.4 Valid Issuance of the Underlying Securities.  The Underlying Securities 
when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, 
the Note and the Warrants, as applicable, for the consideration expressed 
herein and therein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable and will be free of restrictions on transfer, other than 
restrictions on transfer under this Agreement and under applicable state 
and federal securities laws.
 
5.5 Offering.  Subject to the truth and accuracy of the Investor’s 
representations set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement, the offer and 
issuance of the Note and Warrants, together with the Underlying Securities, 
as contemplated by this Agreement are exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”) and 
the qualification or registration requirements of state securities laws or 
other applicable blue sky laws.  Neither the Company nor any authorized 
agent acting on its behalf will take any action hereafter that would cause 
the loss of such exemptions.
 
5.6 Public Reports.  The Company is current in its filing obligations under 
the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), including without 
limitation as to its filings of Annual Reports on Form 10-K (or 10-KSB, as 
applicable) and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (or 10-QSB, as applicable) 
(collectively, the “Public Reports”); provided, however, the Company’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2010.  The 
Public Reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state any fact necessary to make any statement therein not 
misleading.  The financial statements included within the Public Reports 
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2008, for the fiscal year ended 
October 31, 2009 and for each quarterly period thereafter (the “Financial 
Statements”) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles (“GAAP”) applied on a consistent basis throughout the 
periods indicated and with each other, except that unaudited Financial 
Statements may not contain all footnote required by generally accepted 
accounting principles.  The Financial Statements fairly present, in all 
material respects, the financial condition and operating results of the 
Company as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein, subject in 
the case of unaudited Financial Statements to normal year-end audit 
adjustments.
 
5.7 Compliance With Laws.  The Company has not violated any law or any 
governmental regulation or requirement which violation has had or would 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its business 
and the Company has not received written notice of any such violation.
 
5.8 Violations.  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and all other documents and instruments required to be delivered 
in connection herewith and therewith, including without limitation, the 
Note and Warrants, will not result in or constitute any of the following:  
(a) a violation of any provision of the certificate of incorporation, 
bylaws or other governing documents of the Company; (b) a violation of any 
provisions of any applicable law or of any writ or decree of any court or 
governmental instrumentality; (c) a default or an event that, with notice 
or lapse of time or both, would be a default, breach, or violation of a 
lease, license, promissory note, conditional sales contract, commitment, 
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other agreement, instrument, or 
arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or its 
property is bound; (d) an event that would permit any party to terminate 
any agreement or to accelerate the maturity of any indebtedness or other 
obligation of the Company; or (e) the creation or imposition of any lien, 
pledge, option, security agreement, equity, claim, charge, encumbrance or 
other restriction or limitation on the capital stock or on any of the 
properties or assets of the Company.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.9 Consents; Waivers.  No consent, waiver, approval or authority of any 
nature, or other formal action, by any person, firm or corporation, or any 
agency, bureau or department of any government or any subdivision thereof, 
not already obtained, is required in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the 
Company of the transactions provided for herein and therein.
 
5.10 Acknowledgment Regarding Investor’s Purchase of Securities. The 
Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the 
capacity of arm’s length purchaser with respect to the this Agreement, the 
Note, the Warrant and the other documents entered into in connection 
herewith (collectively, the “Transaction Documents”) and the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby and that no Investor is (i) an officer or 
director of the Company, (ii) an “affiliate” of the Company (as defined in 
Rule 144) or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, a “beneficial owner” of 
more than 10% of the shares of Common Stock (as defined for purposes of 
Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act). The Company further acknowledges that no 
Investor is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or 
in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by a 
Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the 
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby 
is merely incidental to the Investor’s purchase of the Securities.  The 
Company further represents to each Investor that the Company’s decision to 
enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the 
independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.
 
5.11 Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is in compliance with any and all 
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are 
effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and 
regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission 
thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof.
 
5.12 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry 
or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, 
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the 
Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Common Stock or 
any of the Company’s officers or directors in their capacities as such.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6. Representations and Warranties of the Investor.  The Investor hereby 
represents, warrants and covenants that:
 
6.1 Authorization.  The Investor has full power and authority to enter into 
this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby and has taken all action necessary to 
authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of 
its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
6.2 No Public Sale or Distribution. The Investor is (i) acquiring the Note 
and the Warrants and (ii) upon conversion of the Note and exercise of the 
Warrants (as defined in the Warrants) will acquire the Underlying 
Securities for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a 
view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or 
distribution of any part thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or 
exempted under the 1933 Act.  The Investor is acquiring the Securities 
hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.  The Investor does not 
presently have any contract, agreement, undertaking, arrangement or 
understanding, directly or indirectly, with any individual, a limited 
liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, 
an unincorporated organization and a government or any department or agency 
thereof (a “Person”) to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise 
distribute any of the Securities.
 
6.3 Accredited Investor Status; Investment Experience. The Investor is an 
“accredited investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation 
D. The Investor can bear the economic risk of its investment in the 
Securities, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Securities.
 
6.4 Reliance on Exemptions.  The Investor understands that the Securities 
are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from 
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities 
laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy 
of, and the Investor’s compliance with, the representations, warranties, 
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Investor set forth 
herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the 
eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Securities.
 
6.5 Information. The Investor and its advisors, if any, have been furnished 
with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the 
Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities 
which have been requested by the Investor. The Investor and its advisors, 
if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. 
Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted 
by the Investor or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall 
modify, amend or affect the Investor’s right to rely on the Company’s 
representations and warranties contained herein. The Investor understands 
that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The 
Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has 
considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect 
to its acquisition of the Securities. The Investor is relying solely on its 
own accounting, legal and tax advisors, and not on any statements of the 
Company or any of its agents or representatives, for such accounting, legal 
and tax advice with respect to its acquisition of the Securities and the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6.6 No Governmental Review. The Investor understands that no United States 
federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has 
passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or 
the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have 
such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the 
Securities.
 
6.7 Transfer or Resale. The Investor understands that: (i) the Securities 
have not been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state 
securities or “blue sky” laws, the Securities constitute “restricted 
securities” as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the 1933 Act, 
and the Securities may not be offered for sale, sold, transferred, 
assigned, pledged or otherwise distributed unless (A) subsequently 
registered thereunder, (B) the Investor shall have delivered to the Company 
an opinion of counsel, in a form generally acceptable to the Company’s 
legal counsel, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or 
transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption 
from such registration, or (C) the Investor provides the Company and its 
legal counsel with reasonable assurance that such Securities can be sold, 
assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A promulgated under 
the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, “Rule 144”); (ii) 
any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in 
accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and further, if Rule 144 is not 
applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the 
seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an 
underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require 
compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and 
regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any 
other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the 
1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and 
conditions of any exemption thereunder.
 
6.8 Legends. The Investor understands that the certificates or other 
instruments representing the Note and the Warrants and, the stock 
certificates representing the Underlying Securities, except as set forth 
below, shall bear any legends as required by applicable state securities or 
“blue sky” laws in addition to a restrictive legend in substantially the 
following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of 
such stock certificates):
 
NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE 
[CONVERTIBLE] [EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE 
ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A 
FORM GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY’S LEGAL COUNSEL, THAT REGISTRATION 
IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR 
RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its transfer 
agent to remove the legend set forth above and to issue a certificate 
without such legend to the holder of the Securities upon which it is 
stamped, or to issue to such holder by electronic delivery at the 
applicable balance account at the Depository Trust Company, unless 
otherwise required by state securities or “blue sky” laws, at such time as 
(i) such Securities are registered for resale under the 1933 Act, (ii) in 
connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer, such holder provides 
the Company with an opinion of counsel, in a form generally acceptable to 
the Company’s legal counsel, to the effect that such sale, assignment or 
transfer of the Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 
Act, or (iii) such holder provides the Company and its legal counsel with 
reasonable assurance in writing that the Securities can be sold, assigned 
or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A.
 
6.9 Validity; Enforcement; No Conflicts. This Agreement and each 
Transaction Document to which the Investor is a party have been duly and 
validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Investor and 
shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor 
enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms, 
except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of 
equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, 
liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the 
enforcement of applicable creditors’ rights and remedies. The execution, 
delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and each 
Transaction Document to which the Investor is a party and the consummation 
by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will 
not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of the 
Investor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which 
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give 
to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or 
cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the 
Investor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, 
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state 
securities or “blue sky” laws) applicable to the Investor, except in the 
case of clause (ii) above, for such conflicts, defaults or rights which 
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have 
a material adverse effect on the ability of the Investor to perform its 
obligations hereunder.
 
6.10 Residency. The Investor is a resident of that jurisdiction specified 
below its address on Schedule A.
 
6.11 Company Has Senior Indebtedness Outstanding and is Permitted to Issue 
Other Indebtedness. The Investor acknowledges that the Company has 
outstanding currently secured indebtedness that is senior in right of 
payment with the indebtedness evidenced by the Note and the Company is 
permitted in the future to issue and create indebtedness and security 
interests of any kind, including without limitation, indebtedness that is 
senior to or pari passu with the Company's obligations under the Note.  The 
Investor expressly acknowledges that its Note is subordinated to the 
existing and future indebtedness of the Company.
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
7. Use of Proceeds; Repayment of Deferred Compensation to Moore or Moore 
Note.  The Investor acknowledges that the Company will use the proceeds 
received from the purchase of the Note and Warrant for, among other things, 
(i) costs and expenses relating to the Company’s Phase II Clinical Studies 
in cervical cancer and CIN, (ii) costs and expenses relating to the sale of 
the Note and Warrants (iii) costs and expenses relating to obtaining one or 
more follow-on financings, including without limitation payment of 
commitment fees and other fees and expenses associated therewith; (iv) 
general working capital purposes and (v) repayments of amounts owed to 
Thomas A. Moore as noted herein.  The Investor acknowledges that the 
Company owes Thomas Moore approximately FIVE HUNDRED THIRTY EIGHT, SEVEN 
HUNDRED NINETY-ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($538,791.00) and pursuant to a 
promissory note and that the Company may use the proceeds from the purchase 
of the Note and Warrants or other available Company funds for payments to 
Thomas A. Moore for repayments of the other amounts owed to him; evidenced 
in Advaxis’ Fiscal Third Quarter dated July 31, 2010.
 
8. Rule 144 Availability.  At all times during the period commencing on the 
six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date and ending at such time that 
all of the Securities can be sold without the requirement to be in 
compliance with Rule 144(c) (1) and otherwise without restriction or 
limitation pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to ensure the availability of Rule 144 to the Investor 
with regard to the Underlying Securities, including compliance with Rule 
144(c) (1).
 
9. Indemnification.
 
9.1 Indemnification by the Company.  The Company agrees to indemnify, hold 
harmless, reimburse and defend the Investor, and its officers, directors, 
agents, affiliates, members, managers, control persons, and principal 
shareholders, against any claim, cost, expense, liability, obligation, loss 
or damage (including reasonable legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or 
imposed upon the Investor or any such person which results, arises out of 
or is based upon (i) any material misrepresentation by Company or breach of 
any representation or warranty by Company in this Agreement or in any 
exhibits or schedules attached hereto, or other agreement delivered 
pursuant hereto; or (ii) after any applicable notice and/or cure periods, 
any breach or default in performance by the Company of any covenant or 
undertaking to be performed by the Company hereunder, or any other 
agreement entered into by the Company and Investor relating hereto.  
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the 
Company be liable to the Investor (in the aggregate) for more than the 
Purchase Price paid by the Investor.
 
9.2 Indemnification by the Investor.  Each Investor, severally but not 
jointly, agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, reimburse and defend the 
Company, each other Investor, and any of their officers, directors, agents, 
affiliates, members, managers, control persons, and principal shareholders, 
against any claim, cost, expense, liability, obligation, loss or damage 
(including reasonable legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or imposed 
upon the Investor or any such person which results, arises out of or is 
based upon (i) any material misrepresentation by the Investor or breach of 
any representation or warranty by the Investor in this Agreement or in any 
exhibits or schedules attached hereto, or other agreement delivered 
pursuant hereto; or (ii) after any applicable notice and/or cure periods, 
any breach or default in performance by the Company of any covenant or 
undertaking to be performed by the Investor hereunder, or any other 
agreement entered into by the Company and the Investor relating hereto.
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
10. Miscellaneous
 
10.1 Successors and Assigns.  Except as otherwise provided herein, the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties 
(including transferees of the Securities).  Nothing in this Agreement, 
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the 
parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns, any rights, 
remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, 
except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
 
10.2 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions concerning the 
construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement 
shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without 
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would 
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State 
of New York.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New 
York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder 
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or 
discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert 
in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally 
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or 
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such 
suit, action or proceeding is improper.  Each party hereby irrevocably 
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in 
any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party 
at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that 
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and 
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any 
way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY 
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, 
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY.
 
10.3 Titles and Subtitles.  The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement 
are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or 
interpreting this Agreement.
 
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
10.4 Notices.  All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed effectively given:  (a) upon personal delivery 
to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile 
if sent during normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the 
next business day, (c) five (5) business days after having been sent by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or 
(d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight 
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of 
receipt.  All communications shall be sent to (a) in the case of the 
Company to Advaxis, Inc., Technology Centre of New Jersey, 675 US Route 
One, South, North Brunswick, N.J. 08902, Attention: Conrad Mir, Executive 
Director, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Greenberg 
Traurig, LLP, The MetLife Building, 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10166, 
Attention: Robert H. Cohen, Esq.; Fax#: (212) 801-6400 or (b) in the case 
of the Investor, to the address as set forth on the signature page or 
exhibit pages hereof or, in either case, at such other address as such 
party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other 
parties hereto.
 
10.5 Finder’s Fees.  Except for fees payable by the Company to persons 
designated by the Company, each party represents that it neither is nor 
will be obligated for any finders’ fee or commission in connection with 
this transaction.  Each Investor, severally and not jointly, shall 
indemnify and hold harmless the Company from any liability for any 
commission or compensation in the nature of a finders’ fee (and the costs 
and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for 
which Investor or any of its officers, partners, employees or 
representatives is responsible.  The Company shall indemnify and hold 
harmless the Investor from any liability for any commission or compensation 
in the nature of a finders’ fee (and the costs and expenses of defending 
against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Company or any 
of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible.
 
10.6 Amendments and Waivers
 
.  Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term 
of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular 
instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written 
consent of the Company and Investor.  Any amendment or waiver effected in 
accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon Investor, each future 
holder of the Securities and the Company, provided that no such amendment 
shall be binding on a holder that does not consent thereto to the extent 
such amendment treats such party differently than any party that does 
consent thereto.
 
10.7 Severability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to 
be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded 
from this Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted 
as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms.
 
10.8 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and the documents referred to herein 
constitute the entire agreement among the parties and no party shall be 
liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any warranties, 
representations or covenants except as specifically set forth herein or 
therein.
 
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
10.9 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
10.10 Interpretation.  Unless the context of this Agreement clearly 
requires otherwise, (a) references to the plural include the singular, the 
singular the plural, the part the whole, (b) references to any gender 
include all genders, (c) “including” has the inclusive meaning frequently 
identified with the phrase “but not limited to” and (d) references to 
“hereunder” or “herein” relate to this Agreement.
 
[SIGNATURES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]
 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed and delivered as of the date provided above.
 

                      THE COMPANY

                      ADVAXIS, INC.


                      _______________________________________________
                      Thomas A. Moore
                      Chairman/ CEO



                      INVESTOR:


                      __________


                      ________________________________________________


                      Address for Notices:
                      ________________________________________________
                      ________________________________________________
                      ________________________________________________


                      Email:

                      FAX:                      ( ____ ) _____ - ________


                      SS#:  ____________ - _______ - ______________

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Schedule A
 
Investor
 
Name and Address of
Purchaser
 
  	
Aggregate Purchase Price
 
  	
Principal Face Amount of Note
 
  	
Number of Warrant Shares
 
__________
  	
$_______
  	
$_______
  	
_______
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
Form of Convertible Promissory Note
 
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
EXHIBIT B
 
Form of Warrant
 
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 