 EX-10.1 2 y86861exv10w1.htm EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1


AMENDMENT NO. 2
to the
AMENDED AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

          AMENDMENT (Amendment No. 2) dated the 9th day of November, 
2010, by and between Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
(the Company), and Ralph Lauren (the Executive).

          WHEREAS, the Executive currently serves as the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Company pursuant to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and 
between the Company and the Executive dated March 30, 2008, which was 
amended on June 29, 2009 (collectively, the Employment Agreement); and

          WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive wish to further amend the 
Employment Agreement in certain respects;

          NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be bound, the parties hereby agree 
as follows.

 
  	1. 	 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have 
the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Employment Agreement. All other 
terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement that are not modified 
below shall continue to remain in full force and effect.
 
  	2. 	Section 5(d) of the Employment Agreement is amended to add the 
following sentence at the end of the paragraph:

          Commencing in the Companys fiscal year 2011 and continuing for 
the remaining fiscal years of the Term, the Company shall reimburse 
Executive up to a maximum aggregate amount of $200,000 for any expense 
incurred as a result of Executives use of his private aircraft, or other 
acceptable private aircraft, for personal travel.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No. 2 
to be duly executed and the Executive has hereunto set his hand, on the 
date first set forth above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	POLO RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Joel Fleishman   	 
  	  	Joel Fleishman,  	 
  	  	Chairman of the Compensation &
Organizational Development Committee  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
  	EXECUTIVE
  	 
  	/s/ Ralph Lauren   	 
  	Ralph Lauren  	 
  	  	 
 