 EX-10.1 3 d101223dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

CONTRIBUTION, CONVEYANCE AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This CONTRIBUTION, CONVEYANCE AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of [       
     ], 2017 (this Agreement), is by and among HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), HESS MIDSTREAM 
PARTNERS GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the general partner of 
the Partnership (MLP GP LP), HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company and the general partner of MLP GP LP (MLP GP LLC
), HESS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Hess), HESS INFRASTRUCTURE 
PARTNERS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (HIP LP), HESS INFRASTRUCTURE 
PARTNERS GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general 
partner of HIP LP (HIP LLC), HESS INVESTMENTS NORTH DAKOTA LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (HINDL), HESS MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company (Midstream Holdings), HESS NORTH 
DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS OPERATIONS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (
Logistics Opco), HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (Logistics LLC), HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT 
LOGISTICS GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Logistics GP), 
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (Logistics Holdings), HESS TGP OPERATIONS LP, a 
Delaware limited partnership (HTGP Opco), HESS TGP GP LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (HTGP GP), HESS TGP HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (HTGP Holdings), HESS TIOGA GAS PLANT LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (HTGP LLC), HESS NORTH DAKOTA 
PIPELINES OPERATIONS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Gathering Opco
), HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (Gathering GP), HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES HOLDINGS LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (Gathering Holdings), HESS NORTH 
DAKOTA PIPELINES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Gathering LLC
), HESS MENTOR STORAGE HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(Mentor Holdings), and HESS MENTOR STORAGE LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (Mentor LLC) (each, a Party and collectively, the 
Parties).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, MLP GP LLC and Hess caused the formation of the Partnership 
pursuant to the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (as 
amended from time to time, the Delaware Partnership Act) for the purpose 
of owning, operating, developing and acquiring midstream assets to provide 
services to Hess and third-party crude oil and natural gas producers, as 
well as engaging in any business activity that is approved by the 
Partnerships general partner and that lawfully may be conducted by a 
limited partnership organized under the Delaware Partnership Act;

WHEREAS, in order to accomplish the objectives and purposes in the 
preceding recital, each of the following actions has been taken prior to 
the date hereof:
 
  	1. 	On January 15, 2014, Midstream Holdings formed MLP GP LLC under the 
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (as amended from time to time, the 
Delaware LLC Act) and contributed $10,000 to MLP GP LLC in exchange for a 
100% limited liability company interest in MLP GP LLC.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	2. 	On January 17, 2014, Hess, as the initial limited partner, and MLP 
GP LLC, as the general partner, formed the Partnership under the Delaware 
Partnership Act and each contributed $10,000 to the Partnership in exchange 
for a 50% limited partner interest and a 50% general partner interest, 
respectively, in the Partnership.
 
  	3. 	On May 21, 2015, HIP LP (under the name Hess USA Investment LP), 
as the initial limited partner, and MLP GP LLC, as the general partner, 
formed MLP GP LP under the Delaware Partnership Act (under the name Hess 
North America LP) and each contributed $10,000 to MLP GP LP in exchange 
for a 50% limited partner interest and a 50% general partner interest, 
respectively, in MLP GP LP.
 
  	4. 	As of June 22, 2015, following the consummation of the transactions 
set forth in the Pre-Closing Restructuring Agreement and the Pre-Closing 
Distribution Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	HINDL owned (i) a 100% limited liability company interest in Hess 
TGP Finance Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HTGP Finco
), and (ii) (A) a 50% limited liability company interest in HIP LLC and 
(B) a 50% limited partner interest in HIP LP;
 
  	(b) 	HTGP Finco owned the remaining (i) 50% limited liability company 
interest in HIP LLC and (ii) 50% limited partner interest in HIP LP;
 
  	(c) 	HIP LLC owned a 0% non-economic general partner interest in HIP LP 
and was the sole general partner of HIP LP;
 
  	(d) 	HIP LP owned (i) a 100% limited liability company interest in each 
of HTGP GP, Logistics GP, Mentor Holdings and Midstream Holdings; (ii) a 
50% partnership interest (constituting 100% of the limited partner 
interests) in each of the Partnership and MLP GP LP; and (iii) a 99% 
partnership interest (constituting 100% of the limited partner interests) 
in each of HTGP Opco and Logistics Opco; and (iv) a 100% limited liability 
company interest in Gathering Holdings;
 
  	(e) 	HTGP GP owned a 1% partnership interest (constituting 100% of the 
general partner interests) in HTGP Opco; HTGP Opco owned, directly or 
indirectly, a 100% limited liability company interest in each of HTGP 
Holdings and HTGP LLC;
 
  	(f) 	Logistics GP owned a 1% partnership interest (constituting 100% of 
the general partner interests) in Logistics Opco; Logistics Opco owned, 
directly or indirectly, a 100% limited liability company interest in each 
of Logistics Holdings, Logistics LLC, Hess Tank Cars Holdings LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (Tank Cars Holdings), Hess Tank Cars 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Tank Cars LLC), Hess Tank Cars 
II Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Tank Cars II 
Holdings), and Hess Tank Cars II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(Tank Cars II LLC);
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(g) 	Gathering Holdings owned a 100% limited liability company interest 
in Gathering LLC;
 
  	(h) 	Mentor Holdings owned a 100% limited liability company interest in 
Mentor LLC; and
 
  	(i) 	Midstream Holdings owned a 100% limited liability company interest 
in MLP GP LLC; MLP GP LLC owned a 50% partnership interest (constituting 
100% of the general partner interests) in each of the Partnership and MLP 
GP LP.
 
  	5. 	On July 1, 2015, GIP II Blue Holding Partnership, L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (GIP), purchased from HTGP Finco (i) a 50% limited 
liability company interest in HIP LLC and (ii) a 50% limited partner 
interest in HIP LP.
 
  	6. 	On July 9, 2015, (a) HIP LP contributed an amount equal to $400,000 
to Midstream Holdings and an amount equal to $300,000 to the Partnership; 
(b) Midstream Holdings contributed an amount equal to $400,000 to MLP GP 
LLC; and (c) MLP GP LLC contributed an amount equal to $400,000 to the 
Partnership.
 
  	7. 	On December [    ], 2016, (i) Logistics LLC distributed a 100% 
limited liability company interest in Tank Cars Holdings to Logistics 
Holdings, Logistics Holdings was admitted as a substitute member of Tank 
Cars Holdings and immediately following such admission, Logistics LLC 
ceased to be a member of Tank Cars Holdings; (ii) Logistics Holdings 
distributed a 100% limited liability company interest in Tank Cars Holdings 
to Logistics Opco, Logistics Opco was admitted as a substitute member of 
Tank Cars Holdings and immediately following such admission, Logistics 
Holdings ceased to be a member of Tank Cars Holdings; (iii) Logistics Opco 
distributed (A) a 1% limited liability company interest in Tank Cars 
Holdings to Logistics GP and (B) a 99% limited liability company interest 
in Tank Cars Holdings to HIP LP, Logistics GP and HIP LP were admitted as 
substitute members of Tank Cars Holdings and immediately following such 
admissions, Logistics Opco ceased to be a member of Tank Cars Holdings; and 
(iv) Logistics GP distributed a 1% limited liability company interest in 
Tank Cars Holdings to HIP LP, HIP LP was admitted as a substitute member of 
Tank Cars Holdings and immediately following such admission, Logistics GP 
ceased to be a member of Tank Cars Holdings.
 
  	8. 	On [            ], 2017, each of the following occurred:
 
  	(a) 	The Partnership formed Gathering GP under the Delaware LLC Act and 
contributed $[        ] to Gathering GP in exchange for a 100% limited 
liability company interest in Gathering GP.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	The Partnership, as the initial limited partner, and Gathering GP, 
as the general partner, formed Gathering Opco under the Delaware 
Partnership Act; the Partnership contributed $[        ] to Gathering Opco 
in exchange for a 99% limited partner interest and Gathering GP contributed 
$[         ] to Gathering Opco in exchange for a 1% general partner 
interest, respectively, in Gathering Opco.
 
  	9. 	On [            ], 2017, each of the following occurred:
 
  	(a) 	HIP LP transferred its 43.0556% limited partner interest in the 
Partnership (the Initial LP Interest) to MLP GP LP, MLP GP LP was 
admitted as a limited partner of the Partnership and HIP LP ceased to be a 
limited partner of the Partnership;
 
  	(b) 	(i) MLP GP LP exchanged the Initial LP Interest for a [    ]% 
general partner interest in the Partnership and was admitted as a general 
partner of the Partnership and ceased to be a limited partner of the 
Partnership and (ii) simultaneously with the foregoing clause (i), MLP GP 
LLC exchanged its 56.9444% general partner interest in the Partnership for 
a [    ]% limited partner interest in the Partnership (the New LP Interest
), was admitted as a limited partner of the Partnership and ceased to be a 
general partner of the Partnership;
 
  	(c) 	MLP GP LLC distributed the New LP Interest to Midstream Holdings, 
Midstream Holdings was admitted to the Partnership as a limited partner and 
MLP GP LLC ceased to be a limited partner of the Partnership, and, 
effective as of [            ], 2017, MLP GP LLC, Midstream Holdings and 
MLP GP LP entered into the Current Partnership Agreement;
 
  	(d) 	Midstream Holdings distributed 100% of the limited liability 
company interests in MLP GP LLC to HIP LP; and
 
  	(e) 	MLP GP LLC (i) exchanged 100% of its existing general partner 
interest in MLP GP LP into a 50% limited partner interest and a 0% 
non-economic general partner interest in MLP GP LP and (ii) distributed its 
50% limited partner interest in MLP GP LP to HIP LP.
 
  	10. 	On [             ], 2017, the Partnership entered into a $[        
] million unsecured revolving credit facility with [            ], as the 
administrative agent, and several other commercial lending institutions in 
certain other roles and as lenders and letter of credit issuing banks.

WHEREAS, concurrently with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, each of the matters provided for in Article II will 
occur in accordance with its respective terms;

WHEREAS, if the Over-Allotment Option (as defined herein) is exercised, 
each of the matters provided for in Article III will occur in accordance 
with its respective terms; and
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEREAS, the stockholders, boards of directors, members or partners of the 
Parties have taken or caused to be taken all corporate, limited liability 
company and partnership action, as the case may be, required to approve the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations, 
warranties and agreements herein contained, the Parties agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
respective meanings ascribed to such terms below:

Additional Rolling Stock means, to the extent owned, and capable of being 
transferred, by HIP LP or its subsidiaries at the time of any request by 
Logistics GP pursuant to Section 5.3, (i) the 956 crude oil rail cars 
constructed to American Association of Railroads Petition 1577 (CPC-1232) 
standards owned by Hess Tank Cars LLC as of the Closing Date, (ii) any rail 
cars exchanged for the rail cars described in the foregoing clause (i) or 
(iii) any other consideration received for the rail cars described in the 
foregoing clauses (i) or (ii).

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement.

Closing Date means the date on which the closing of the Initial Public 
Offering occurs.

Closing Time means the time of closing on the Closing Date pursuant to 
the Underwriting Agreement.

Common Unit has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement.

Current Partnership Agreement means that certain First Amended and 
Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated 
effective as of [            ], 2017.

Deferred Issuance has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement.

Effective Time means 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date.

Expansion Capital Expenditures has the meaning set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement.

Gathering Holdings LLC Agreement means the limited liability company 
agreement of Gathering Holdings, as amended.

Gathering Opco Partnership Agreement means the Amended and Restated 
Agreement of Limited Partnership of Gathering Opco, dated as of the Closing 
Date.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gathering Percentage Equity Interest has the meaning set forth for 
Percentage Equity Interest in the Gathering Opco Partnership Agreement.

General Partner Interest has the meaning set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement.

HTGP GP LLC Agreement means the limited liability company agreement of 
HTGP GP, as amended.

HTGP Opco Partnership Agreement means the Amended and Restated Agreement 
of Limited Partnership of HTGP Opco, dated as of the Closing Date.

HTGP Percentage Equity Interest has the meaning set forth for Percentage 
Equity Interest in the HTGP Opco Partnership Agreement.

Incentive Distribution Right has the meaning set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement.

Initial Public Offering means the purchase and sale of Common Units to 
the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.

Logistics GP LLC Agreement means the limited liability company agreement 
of Logistics GP, as amended.

Logistics Opco Partnership Agreement means the Amended and Restated 
Agreement of Limited Partnership of Logistics Opco, dated as of the Closing 
Date.

Logistics Percentage Equity Interest has the meaning set forth for 
Percentage Equity Interest in the Logistics Opco Partnership Agreement.

Maintenance Capital Expenditure has the meaning set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement.

Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement means the limited liability company 
agreement of Mentor Holdings, as amended.

Offering means the initial public offering of the Partnerships Common 
Units pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Option Period means the period from the Closing Date to the date that is 
thirty days after the Closing Date.

Other Projects means the projects set forth on Exhibit A under the 
heading Other Projects.

Over-Allotment Option has the meaning set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Partnership Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of 
Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of the Closing Date.

Partnership Group has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement.

Pre-Closing Restructuring Agreement means that certain Takota 
Pre-Closing Restructuring Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2015, by and 
among Hess, HIP LP, HINDL, HTGP Finco and the other parties thereto.

Pre-Closing Distribution Agreement means that certain Distribution 
Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2015, by and between HINDL and HTGP Finco.

Registration Statement means the Registration Statement on Form S-1 
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(Registration No. 333-198896), as amended.

Sponsor Entities means HIP LP and each of its Affiliates (other than the 
Partnership Group).

Subordinated Unit has the meaning set forth in the Partnership Agreement.

Unanticipated Maintenance Capital Expenditure means any Maintenance 
Capital Expenditure that is not set forth on Exhibit A and is related to 
the business and operations of HTGP Opco, Gathering Opco, Logistics Opco, 
Mentor Holdings or any of their respective subsidiaries.

Uncompleted Projects means the projects set forth on Exhibit A under the 
heading Uncompleted Projects.

Underwriters means the members of the underwriting syndicate listed in 
the Underwriting Agreement.

Underwriting Agreement means the firm commitment underwriting agreement 
entered into by and among the Partnership, the underwriters named in the 
Registration Statement with respect to the Offering and the other parties 
thereto.


ARTICLE II
CONTRIBUTIONS, ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Each of the following transactions set forth in Sections 2.1 through 2.8 
shall be completed as of the Effective Time in the order set forth herein:

2.1    Execution of the Partnership Agreement. Midstream Holdings and MLP 
GP LP shall amend and restate the Current Partnership Agreement by 
executing the Partnership Agreement in substantially the form included in 
Appendix A to the Registration Statement, with such changes as Midstream 
Holdings and MLP GP LP may agree.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.2    Transfers of Interests in HTGP Opco and Logistics Opco. HIP LP 
hereby transfers a (a) [     ]% limited partner interest in HTGP Opco to 
HTGP GP, which limited partner interest is hereby re-designated as a 
general partner interest in HTGP Opco, and (b) [    ]% limited partner 
interest in Logistics Opco to Logistics GP, which limited partner interest 
is hereby re-designated as a general partner interest in Logistics Opco.


2.3    Contribution of Tioga Gas Plant Assets.

(a)    Notwithstanding any provision of the HTGP GP LLC Agreement to the 
contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to MLP GP LP, as a capital 
contribution, a portion of HIP LPs limited liability company interests in 
HTGP GP with a value equal to [    ]% of the equity value of HTGP GP (the 
HTGP Interest), and MLP GP LP hereby accepts the HTGP Interest as a 
capital contribution from HIP LP. Notwithstanding any provision of the HTGP 
GP LLC Agreement to the contrary, MLP GP LP is hereby admitted to HTGP GP 
as a member of HTGP GP and hereby agrees that it is bound by the HTGP GP 
LLC Agreement. HIP LP hereby continues as a member of HTGP GP with respect 
to the portion of its limited liability company interest in HTGP GP not 
transferred to MLP GP LP.

(b)    Notwithstanding any provision of the HTGP GP LLC Agreement to the 
contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to the Partnership, as a capital 
contribution, all right, title and interest in and to all of HIP LPs 
remaining limited liability company interest in HTGP GP, and the 
Partnership hereby accepts such capital contribution from HIP LP. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the HTGP GP LLC Agreement to the contrary, 
the Partnership is hereby admitted to HTGP GP as a member of HTGP GP and 
hereby agrees that it is bound by the HTGP GP LLC Agreement. Immediately 
following such admission, HIP LP shall and does hereby cease to be a member 
of HTGP GP and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise any right or power 
as a member of HTGP GP, and HTGP GP is hereby continued without 
dissolution.


2.4    Contribution of Gathering Assets.

(a)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC 
Agreement to the contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to MLP GP LP, as a 
capital contribution, all right, title and interest in and to a portion of 
HIP LPs limited liability company interests in Gathering Holdings with a 
value equal to [    ]% of the equity value of Gathering Holdings (the GP 
Gathering Interest), and MLP GP LP hereby accepts the GP Gathering 
Interest as a capital contribution from HIP LP. Notwithstanding any 
provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC Agreement to the contrary, MLP GP 
LP is hereby admitted to Gathering Holdings as a member of Gathering 
Holdings and hereby agrees that it is bound by the Gathering Holdings LLC 
Agreement. HIP LP hereby continues as a member of Gathering Holdings with 
respect to the portion of its limited liability company interest in 
Gathering Holdings not transferred to MLP GP LP.

(b)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC 
Agreement to the contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes (i) to the 
Partnership, as a capital contribution, all right, title and interest in 
and to a portion of HIP LPs limited liability company interests in 
Gathering Holdings with a value equal to [     ]% of the equity value of 
Gathering Holdings (the MLP Gathering Interest) and (ii) to Gathering 
Opco, as a capital contribution, all right, title and interest in and to 
the remainder of HIP LPs limited liability company interests in Gathering
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Holdings (the Opco Gathering Interest), and the Partnership and Gathering 
Opco hereby accept the MLP Gathering Interest and the Opco Gathering 
Interest, respectively, as a capital contribution from HIP LP. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC Agreement to 
the contrary, each of the Partnership and Gathering Opco is hereby admitted 
to Gathering Holdings as a member of Gathering Holdings and hereby agrees 
that it is bound by the Gathering Holdings LLC Agreement. Immediately 
following such admissions, HIP LP shall and does hereby cease to be a 
member of Gathering Holdings and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise 
any right or power as a member of Gathering Holdings, and Gathering 
Holdings is hereby continued without dissolution. Notwithstanding any 
provision of the Gathering Opco Partnership Agreement to the contrary, HIP 
LP is hereby admitted as a limited partner of Gathering Opco.

(c)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC 
Agreement to the contrary, MLP GP LP hereby contributes to the Partnership, 
as a capital contribution, all right, title and interest in and to the GP 
Gathering Interest, and the Partnership hereby accepts the GP Gathering 
Interest as a capital contribution from MLP GP LP. Immediately following 
such contribution, MLP GP LP shall and does hereby cease to be a member of 
Gathering Holdings and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise any right 
or power as a member of Gathering Holdings, and Gathering Holdings is 
hereby continued without dissolution.

(d)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC 
Agreement to the contrary, the Partnership hereby contributes to Gathering 
GP, as a capital contribution, all right, title and interest in and to the 
GP Gathering Interest and the MLP Gathering Interest (collectively, the 
Gathering Interest), and Gathering GP hereby accepts the Gathering 
Interest as a capital contribution from the Partnership. Notwithstanding 
any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC Agreement to the contrary, 
Gathering GP is hereby admitted to Gathering Holdings as a member of 
Gathering Holdings and hereby agrees that it is bound by the Gathering 
Holdings LLC Agreement. Immediately following such contribution, the 
Partnership shall and does hereby cease to be a member of Gathering 
Holdings and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise any right or power 
as a member of Gathering Holdings, and Gathering Holdings is hereby 
continued without dissolution.

(e)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Holdings LLC 
Agreement to the contrary, Gathering GP hereby contributes to Gathering 
Opco, as a capital contribution, all right, title and interest in and to 
the Gathering Interest, and Gathering Opco hereby accepts the Gathering 
Interest as a capital contribution from Gathering GP. Immediately following 
such contribution, Gathering GP shall and does hereby cease to be a member 
of Gathering Holdings and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise any 
right or power as a member of Gathering Holdings, Gathering Opco hereby 
continues as the sole member of Gathering Holdings, and Gathering Holdings 
is hereby continued without dissolution.

(f)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Gathering Opco Partnership 
Agreement to the contrary, the Partnership hereby contributes to Gathering 
GP, as a capital contribution, all right, title and interest in and to its 
limited partner interest in Gathering Opco, and Gathering GP hereby accepts 
such limited partner interest as a capital contribution from the 
Partnership. Immediately following such contribution, the Partnership shall 
and does hereby cease to be a limited partner of Gathering Opco and shall 
thereupon cease to have or exercise any right or
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
power as a limited partner of Gathering Opco, Gathering GPs limited 
partner interest in Gathering Opco is re-designated as a general partner 
interest, and Gathering Opco is hereby continued without dissolution.


2.5    Contribution of Oil Export Logistics Assets.

(a)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Logistics GP LLC Agreement to 
the contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to MLP GP LP, as a capital 
contribution, a portion of HIP LPs limited liability company interests in 
Logistics GP with a value equal to [    ]% of the equity value of Logistics 
GP (the Logistics Interest), and MLP GP LP hereby accepts the Logistics 
Interest as a capital contribution from HIP LP. Notwithstanding any 
provision of the Logistics GP LLC Agreement to the contrary, MLP GP LP is 
hereby admitted to Logistics GP as a member of Logistics GP and hereby 
agrees that it is bound by the Logistics GP LLC Agreement. HIP LP hereby 
continues as a member of Logistics GP with respect to the portion of its 
limited liability company interest in Logistics GP not transferred to MLP 
GP LP.

(b)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Logistics GP LLC Agreement to 
the contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to the Partnership, as a capital 
contribution, all right, title and interest in and to all of HIP LPs 
remaining limited liability company interest in Logistics GP, and the 
Partnership hereby accepts such capital contribution from HIP LP. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Logistics GP LLC Agreement to the 
contrary, the Partnership is hereby admitted to Logistics GP as a member of 
Logistics GP and hereby agrees that it is bound by the Logistics GP LLC 
Agreement. Immediately following such admission, HIP LP shall and does 
hereby cease to be a member of Logistics GP and shall thereupon cease to 
have or exercise any right or power as a member of Logistics GP, and 
Logistics GP is hereby continued without dissolution.


2.6    Contribution of Propane Storage Assets.

(a)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement 
to the contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to MLP GP LP, as a capital 
contribution, a portion of HIP LPs limited liability company interest in 
Mentor Holdings with a value equal to [    ]% of the equity value of Mentor 
Holdings (the Mentor Interest and, together with the HTGP Interest and 
the Logistics Interest, the Contributed Interests), and MLP GP LP hereby 
accepts the Mentor Interest as a capital contribution from HIP LP. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement to the 
contrary, MLP GP LP is hereby admitted to Mentor Holdings as a member of 
Mentor Holdings and hereby agrees that it is bound by the Mentor Holdings 
LLC Agreement. HIP LP hereby continues as a member of Mentor Holdings with 
respect to the portion of its limited liability company interest in Mentor 
Holdings not transferred to MLP GP LP.

(b)    Notwithstanding any provision of the Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement 
to the contrary, HIP LP hereby contributes to the Partnership, as a capital 
contribution, all right, title and interest in and to all of HIP LPs 
remaining limited liability company interests in Mentor Holdings, and the 
Partnership hereby accepts such capital contribution from HIP LP. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement to the 
contrary, the Partnership is hereby admitted to Mentor Holdings as a member 
of Mentor Holdings and hereby
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
agrees that it is bound by the Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement. Immediately 
following such admission, HIP LP shall and does hereby cease to be a member 
of Mentor Holdings and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise any right 
or power as a member of Mentor Holdings, and Mentor Holdings is hereby 
continued without dissolution.

2.7    Consideration for HIP LP Contributions. In consideration for the 
contributions to the Partnership described in Sections 2.3(b), 2.4(b)(i), 
2.5(b) and 2.6(b) above, the Parties acknowledge that HIP LP is entitled to 
receive (a) [                    ] Common Units and [                    ] 
Subordinated Units, representing an aggregate [    ]% limited partner 
interest in the Partnership (the Closing Date Common Units and the 
Closing Date Subordinated Units, respectively), (b) the cash distribution 
described in Section 2.13, below, and (c) a number of additional Common 
Units or an additional cash distribution, or a combination of both, after 
giving effect to any exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the Deferred 
Issuance (any such additional Common Units, the Deferred Issuance Units
). HIP LP hereby instructs the Partnership to issue the Closing Date 
Common Units, the Closing Date Subordinated Units and the Deferred Issuance 
Units, if any, in each case 50% directly to HINDL and 50% directly to GIP.

2.8    MLP GP LP Contribution and Issuance of General Partner Interest. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the HTGP GP LLC Agreement, the Logistics 
GP LLC Agreement or the Mentor Holdings LLC Agreement to the contrary, MLP 
GP LP hereby contributes to the Partnership, as a capital contribution, the 
Contributed Interests (the GP Contribution). In exchange for MLP GP LPs 
contribution to the Partnership of the GP Contribution pursuant to this 
Section 2.8 and the GP Gathering Interest pursuant to Section 2.4(c), MLP 
GP LP is hereby issued (a) the General Partner Interest (which General 
Partner Interest, after giving effect to any exercise of the Over-Allotment 
Option and the Deferred Issuance, represents a 2% general partner interest 
in the Partnership) and (b) all of the limited partner interests in the 
Partnership classified as Incentive Distribution Rights under the 
Partnership Agreement, and the Partnership hereby accepts such GP 
Contribution. Immediately following such GP Contribution, MLP GP LP shall 
and does hereby cease to be a member of each of Logistics GP, HTGP GP and 
Mentor Holdings and shall thereupon cease to have or exercise any right or 
power as a member of Logistics GP, HTGP GP or Mentor Holdings. The 
Partnership hereby continues as the sole member of Logistics GP, HTGP GP 
and Mentor Holdings, each of which is hereby continued without dissolution.

Each of the following transactions set forth in Sections 2.9 through 2.16 
shall be completed as of the Closing Time, and in any event only after 
completion of the transactions set forth in Sections 2.1 through 2.8, in 
the order set forth herein:

2.9    Issuances of Units to HINDL and GIP. The Parties acknowledge the 
issuance of [                    ] Common Units and [                    ] 
Subordinated Units to HINDL and [                    ] Common Units and [   
                 ] Subordinated Units to GIP, representing an aggregate [   
 ]% limited partner interest in the Partnership, in accordance with 
Section 2.8.

2.10    Public Cash Contribution. The Parties acknowledge that, in 
connection with the Offering, public investors, through the Underwriters, 
shall make a capital contribution to the Partnership of $[        ] million 
in cash (the IPO Proceeds) in exchange for [                    ]
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Units (the Firm Units) representing an aggregate [    ]% limited 
partner interest in the Partnership, and new limited partners are being 
admitted to the Partnership in connection therewith.

2.11    Payment of Transaction Expenses by the Partnership and Retention of 
Proceeds by the Partnership. The Parties acknowledge (a) the payment by the 
Partnership, in connection with the closing of the Offering, of transaction 
expenses of approximately $[        ] million (the Transaction Expenses
), excluding underwriting discounts of $[        ] in the aggregate but 
including a structuring fee of [    ]% of the gross proceeds of the 
Offering payable to certain of the Underwriters (the Structuring Fee), 
and (b) the retention by the Partnership of $[        ] million for general 
partnership purposes (the Retained Proceeds).

2.12    Redemption of the New LP Interest. The Partnership hereby redeems 
the New LP Interest held by Midstream Holdings and shall distribute to 
Midstream Holdings the initial contribution, in the amount of $[        ], 
initially made in connection with the formation of the Partnership, along 
with any interest or other profit that resulted from the investment or 
other use of such initial contribution.

2.13    Distributions by the Partnership at the Closing. The Partnership 
shall distribute to HIP LP an amount in cash equal to (a) the IPO Proceeds 
less (a) the sum of the Transaction Expenses and the Retained Proceeds. HIP 
LP shall, in turn, distribute 50% of such amount to HINDL and 50% of such 
amount to GIP.


ARTICLE III
EXERCISE OF OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION

If the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in whole or in part, the 
Underwriters will contribute additional cash to the Partnership in exchange 
for up to an additional [                    ] Common Units representing an 
aggregate [    ]% limited partner interest in the Partnership (the Option 
Units) at the Offering price per Common Unit set forth in the Registration 
Statement, net of underwriting discounts and the Structuring Fee. Upon any 
exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Partnership will distribute to 
each of HINDL and GIP an amount equal to 50% of any net cash proceeds from 
the sale of such Option Units. Upon the expiration of the Option Period, 
pursuant to Section 2.7, the Partnership shall issue directly to each of 
HINDL and GIP 50% of any Option Units not sold to the Underwriters pursuant 
to the Over-Allotment Option.


ARTICLE IV
CONTRIBUTING PARTNERS WARRANTY

HIP LP warrants that the consideration to be received by it hereunder for 
the assets that are contributed by it to the Partnership Group pursuant to 
this Agreement has been determined assuming that the Partnership Group will 
not incur any costs attributable to Unanticipated Maintenance Capital 
Expenditures during the twelve months ending [March 31, 2018] (the 
Warranty Period). HIP LP agrees to pay, or reimburse the Partnership Group 
for, any costs and expenses that are attributable to Unanticipated 
Maintenance Capital Expenditures that are made by HTGP Opco, Gathering 
Opco, Logistics Opco, Mentor Holdings or any of their respective 
subsidiaries, respectively, during the Warranty Period; provided, however, 
that HIP LP shall not
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
be obligated to pay or reimburse any amounts attributable to Unanticipated 
Maintenance Capital Expenditures: (a) to the extent the total amounts paid 
by HIP LP pursuant to this Article IV would equal or exceed $[10 million]; 
(b) that are not reasonably necessary to be made during the Warranty Period 
(i) in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations or (ii) for the 
operation of the assets of the Partnership Group as described in the 
Registration Statement; or (c) that have been funded with capital 
contributions made by HIP LP pursuant to the HTGP Opco Partnership 
Agreement, the Gathering Opco Partnership Agreement and the Logistics Opco 
Partnership Agreement, respectively.


ARTICLE V
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

5.1    Uncompleted Projects. HIP LP hereby covenants that it shall pay all 
of the costs necessary to complete (a) each of the Uncompleted Projects of 
HTGP Opco, Gathering Opco and Logistics Opco set forth on Exhibit A in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the HTGP Opco Partnership 
Agreement, Gathering Opco Partnership Agreement or Logistics Opco 
Partnership Agreement, as applicable, and (b) each of the Uncompleted 
Projects of Mentor LLC set forth on Exhibit A. HIP LP agrees that all such 
costs shall be its sole obligation and that it shall not, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, be entitled to any recovery or reimbursement for 
such costs; provided, however, that HIP LP shall not be obligated to pay 
any amounts attributable to any Uncompleted Project on which HTGP Opco, 
Gathering Opco, Logistics Opco or Mentor LLC, as applicable, has not 
commenced work as of the second anniversary of the Closing Date.

5.2     Other Projects. HIP LP hereby covenants that it shall pay all of 
the costs (a) as and when directed by HTGP GP, attributable to any of the 
Other Projects of HTGP LLC set forth on Exhibit A; (b) as and when directed 
by Gathering GP, that are attributable to any of the Other Projects of 
Gathering LLC set forth on Exhibit A; and (c) as and when directed by 
Logistics GP, that are attributable to any of the Other Projects of 
Logistics LLC set forth on Exhibit A;. HIP LP agrees that all such costs 
shall be its sole obligation and that it shall not, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, be entitled to any recovery or reimbursement for such 
costs; provided, however, that HIP LP shall not be obligated to pay any 
amounts attributable to any Other Projects: (x) to the extent the total 
amounts paid by HTGP LLC, Gathering LLC or Logistics LLC, collectively, 
pursuant to this Section 5.2 would equal or exceed $[    ] million or (y) 
that are incurred by HTGP LLC, Logistics LLC or Gathering LLC following the 
second anniversary of the Closing Date.

5.3    Contribution of Additional Rolling Stock. HIP LP hereby covenants 
that it shall contribute to Logistics Opco, as and when directed by 
Logistics GP, all or a portion of the Additional Rolling Stock to the 
extent that such contribution is reasonably necessary to the business of 
Logistics Opco or any of its subsidiaries, in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Logistics Opco Partnership Agreement and 
agrees that any such contribution shall be its sole obligation and that it 
shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be entitled to any 
recovery or reimbursement for the value of such Additional Rolling Stock; 
provided, however, that HIP LP shall not be obligated to contribute any 
portion of the Additional Rolling Stock that Logistics GP has not directed 
HIP LP to contribute to Logistics Opco by the second anniversary of the 
Closing Date.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI
FURTHER ASSURANCES

From time to time after the date hereof, and without any further 
consideration, each of the Parties shall execute, acknowledge and deliver 
all such additional instruments, notices and other documents, and will do 
all such other acts and things, all in accordance with applicable law, as 
may be necessary or appropriate to more fully and effectively carry out the 
purposes and intent of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge that the Parties have used their 
good faith efforts to identify all of the assets being contributed to the 
Partnership Group as required in connection with this Agreement. However, 
due to the age of some of the assets and the difficulties in locating 
appropriate data with respect to some of the assets, it is possible that 
assets intended to be contributed ultimately to the Partnership Group were 
not identified and therefore are not included in the assets contributed to 
the Partnership Group as of the Effective Time. It is the express intent of 
the Parties that the Partnership Group own all assets necessary to operate 
the assets that are identified in this Agreement and in the Registration 
Statement. To the extent that any assets were not identified but are 
necessary to the operation of the assets that are so identified in this 
Agreement and in the Registration Statement, then the intent of the Parties 
is that all such unidentified assets are intended to be conveyed to the 
Partnership Group pursuant to this Agreement. If any such assets are 
identified at a later date, the Parties shall take all appropriate action 
required in order to convey such assets to the Partnership or any 
applicable member of the Partnership Group. Further, to the extent that any 
assets that are conveyed to the Partnership Group hereunder are later 
identified by the Parties as assets that the Parties did not intend to 
convey to the Partnership Group as reflected in the Registration Statement, 
the Parties shall take all appropriate action required to convey such 
assets to HIP LP or its designee.

Without limiting any liabilities of the Sponsor Entities or other remedies 
of the Partnership Group applicable under this Agreement or any other 
agreements, if and to the extent that the valid, complete and perfected 
transfer or assignment of any assets by any Sponsor Entity to any member of 
the Partnership Group or the acquisition of any assets from any Sponsor 
Entity by any member of the Partnership Group would be a violation of 
applicable law or require any additional consents, approvals or 
notifications in connection with the transfer of such assets by any Sponsor 
Entity to any member of the Partnership Group that have not been obtained 
or made by the Effective Time, then, unless the Parties shall otherwise 
mutually determine, the transfer or assignment of such assets to such 
member of the Partnership Group or the assumption of such assets by such 
member of the Partnership Group, as the case may be, shall be automatically 
deemed deferred and any such purported transfer, assignment or assumption 
shall be null and void until such time as all legal impediments are removed 
or such consents, approvals and notifications have been obtained or made. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in such event the Sponsor Entities shall (a) 
hold such assets in trust for the benefit of the Partnership Group, (b) not 
transfer or assign such assets, in whole or in part, other than with the 
prior consent of the Partnership, and (c) use their respective reasonable 
best efforts to assure that each member of the Partnership Group receives 
all of the benefits of the assets attempted to have been transferred to
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such member until such time as the attempted transfer is complete, and each 
member of the Partnership Group shall bear all costs associated with such 
assets (except costs associated with the attempted transfer or perfecting 
such transfer, and subject to offset of any benefits of the assets not 
received by the Partnership Group against associated costs incurred by the 
Sponsor Entities) as if the transfer had been valid and complete.


ARTICLE VII
ORDER OF COMPLETION AND EFFECTIVENESS OF TRANSACTIONS; LIMITATIONS

7.1    Order of Completion of Transactions. The transactions provided for 
in Section 2.1 through Section 2.8 shall be completed as of the Effective 
Time in the order set forth in Article II. The transactions provided for in 
Section 2.9 through Section 2.13 shall be completed as of the Closing Time 
in the order set forth in Article II. Following the completion of the 
transactions set forth in Article II, the transactions provided for in 
Article III, if they occur, shall be completed.

7.2    Effectiveness of Transactions. Notwithstanding anything contained in 
this Agreement to the contrary, (a) none of the provisions of Section 2.1 
through Section 2.8 shall be operative or have any effect until the 
Effective Time and (b) none of the provisions of Section 2.9 through 
Section 2.13 or Article III shall be operative or have any effect until the 
Closing Time, at which respective time all such applicable provisions shall 
be effective and operative in accordance with Section 7.1 without further 
action by any Party.

7.3    Limitations. Distributions and redemption payments made or to be 
made hereunder shall be subject to the Delaware Partnership Act and the 
Delaware LLC Act, as applicable, notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement.


ARTICLE VIII
MISCELLANEOUS

8.1    Costs. Except for the transaction expenses set forth in Section 2.11
, the Partnership shall pay all expenses, fees and costs, including, but 
not limited to, all sales, use and similar taxes arising out of the 
contributions, distributions, conveyances and deliveries to be made under 
Article II and shall pay all documentary, filing, recording, transfer, deed 
and conveyance taxes and fees required in connection therewith. In 
addition, the Partnership shall be responsible for all costs, liabilities 
and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys fees) 
incurred in connection with the implementation of any conveyance or 
delivery pursuant to Article VI (to the extent related to any of the 
contributions, distributions, conveyances and deliveries to be made under 
Article II).

8.2    Headings; References; Interpretation. All Article and Section 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed 
to control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions 
hereof. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar 
import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a 
whole, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All 
references herein to Articles and Sections shall, unless the context 
requires a different construction, be deemed to be references to
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Articles and Sections of this Agreement. All personal pronouns used in 
this Agreement, whether used in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, 
shall include all other genders, and the singular shall include the plural 
and vice versa. The use herein of the word including following any 
general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such 
statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth 
immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or 
not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited 
to or other words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but 
rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could 
reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general 
statement, term or matter.

8.3    Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and 
assigns.

8.4    No Third Party Rights. The provisions of this Agreement are intended 
to bind the Parties as to each other and are not intended to and do not 
create rights in any other person or confer upon any other person any 
benefits, rights or remedies, and no person is or is intended to be a third 
party beneficiary of any of the provisions of this Agreement; provided, 
however, that GIP shall be considered a third party beneficiary hereunder.

8.5    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts with the same effect as if all Parties had signed the same 
document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute 
one and the same instrument.

8.6    Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with 
and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the 
principles of conflicts of law. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT THIS 
AGREEMENT INVOLVES AT LEAST U.S. $100,000.00 AND THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS 
BEEN ENTERED INTO IN EXPRESS RELIANCE UPON 6 Del. C. § 2708. EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES (i) TO BE SUBJECT TO 
THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AND OF THE FEDERAL 
COURTS SITTING IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND (ii) TO THE EXTENT SUCH PARTY 
IS NOT OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, TO 
APPOINT AND MAINTAIN AN AGENT IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE AS SUCH PARTYS 
AGENT FOR ACCEPTANCE OF LEGAL PROCESS AND TO NOTIFY THE OTHER PARTIES OF 
THE NAME AND ADDRESS OF SUCH AGENT.

8.7    Severability. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held by 
any court of competent jurisdiction to contravene, or to be invalid under, 
the laws of any political body having jurisdiction over the subject matter 
hereof, such contravention or invalidity shall not invalidate the entire 
Agreement. Instead, this Agreement shall be construed as if it did not 
contain the particular provision or provisions held to be invalid and an 
equitable adjustment shall be made and necessary provision added so as to 
give effect to the intention of the Parties as expressed in this Agreement 
at the time of execution of this Agreement.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.8    Amendment or Modification. This Agreement may be amended or modified 
from time to time only by the written agreement of all the Parties. Each 
such instrument shall be reduced to writing and shall be designated on its 
face as an amendment to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the 
foregoing to the contrary, any amendment executed by the Partnership or any 
of its subsidiaries shall not be effective unless and until the execution 
of such amendment has been approved by the conflicts committee of the 
General Partners board of directors.

8.9    Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to 
the Closing Time by the written agreement of all the Parties. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this 
Agreement will have any effect until the Effective Time.

8.10     Integration. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein 
and in the exhibits attached hereto supersede all previous understandings 
or agreements among the parties, whether oral or written, with respect to 
the subject matter of this Agreement and such instruments. This Agreement 
and such instruments contain the entire understanding of the Parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no unwritten 
oral agreements between the parties. No understanding, representation, 
promise or agreement, whether oral or written, is intended to be or shall 
be included in or from part of this Agreement unless it is contained in a 
written amendment hereto executed by the parties hereto after the date of 
this Agreement.

8.11    Deed; Bill of Sale; Assignment. To the extent required and 
permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall also constitute a deed, 
bill of sale or assignment of the assets and interests referenced 
herein.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties to this Agreement have caused it to be duly 
executed as of the date first above written.
 
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LP, its general partner
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LP
By: 	  	Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS LP
By: 	  	Hess Infrastructure Partners GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature page to Contribution Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HESS CORPORATION
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS INVESTMENTS NORTH DAKOTA LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS OPERATIONS LP
By: 	  	Hess North Dakota Export Logistics GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS HOLDINGS LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature page to Contribution Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES OPERATIONS LP
By: 	  	Hess North Dakota Pipelines GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES HOLDINGS LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS TGP OPERATIONS LP
By: 	  	Hess TGP GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS TGP GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature page to Contribution Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 HESS TGP HOLDINGS LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 HESS TIOGA GAS PLANT LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 HESS MENTOR STORAGE HOLDINGS LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 HESS MENTOR STORAGE LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature page to Contribution Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

Uncompleted Projects
 
   	BUD2766 	   	Pipeline Leak Detection - Red Sky 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD0847 	   	Fiber Optic Repairs from TRT to TGPE 	   	Export Logistics 
LLC
   	BUD2477 	   	Flare Install @ RTF 	   	Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2767 	   	Pipeline Leak Detection - Goliath 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD2654 	   	Hunt ESD system 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD2644 	   	TGP Alarm Management software (Experion) 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD2650 	   	Purchase back-up Lab GC 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD2651 	   	Clark Turbocharger safety upgrades 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD2764 	   	Silurian/TGP security fence 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD2818 	   	SOR Section 30 Integrity Repair Project 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD0639 	   	SoR COE Land pipeline replacements - Priority 3 	   	
Gathering LLC
   	BUD2656 	   	Rail Switch Point protectors 	   	Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2662 	   	TRT NGL Production Header Relief Valve Modifications 	   	
Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2658 	   	Launcher/Receiver Fencing (DOT) Keene Oil Gathering 	   	
Gathering LLC
   	BUD2653 	   	Silurian/TGP security fence 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD0807 	   	Midstream Metering Gap Closure 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD0924 	   	Midstream Metering Gap Closure - TRT 	   	Export Logistics 
LLC
   	BUD2686 	   	ICONICS Gen 32 - 64 Upgrade for Midstream Gas Gathering 	  
 	Gathering LLC
   	BUD2655 	   	Access Platforms for accessing valves for operational 
tasks 	   	Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2657 	   	Launcher/Receiver Fencing (DOT) Goliath Pipeline 	   	
Gathering LLC

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Projects
 
   	BUD0884 	   	Pipeline Replacement Project (NOR) 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD2497 	   	RTF Hard Surfacing and Fencing 	   	Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2146 	   	Power Boiler at TGP 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD2141 	   	Paving Repair at TGP 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD0920 	   	Sustaining maintenance 2018+ 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD2173M 	   	Engineering Funds for unknown projects 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD2174M 	   	Engineering Funds for unknown projects 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD1352 	   	Red Sky Gas Sustaining Maintenance 2018+ 	   	Gathering 
LLC
   	BUD2172M 	   	Engineering Funds for unknown projects 	   	Export 
Logistics LLC
   	BUD2142 	   	Amine Bldg Structure Upgrade at TGP 	   	TGP LLC
   	BUD1354 	   	Hawkeye Gas Sustaining Maintenance 2018+ 	   	Gathering 
LLC
   	BUD1356 	   	Goliath Gas Sustaining Maintenance 2018+ 	   	Gathering 
LLC
   	BUD1351 	   	Red Sky Oil Sustaining Maintenance 2018+ 	   	Gathering 
LLC
   	BUD1353 	   	Hawkeye Oil Sustaining Maintenance 2018+ 	   	Gathering 
LLC
   	BUD2468 	   	Third Transfer Pump from RTF Tanks 	   	Export Logistics 
LLC
   	BUD2770 	   	Sustaining maintenance 2018+ 	   	Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2771 	   	Sustaining maintenance 2018+ 	   	Export Logistics LLC
   	BUD2646 	   	CC Residue inlet manifold rebuild 	   	Gathering LLC
   	BUD1355 	   	Goliath Oil Sustaining Maintenance 2018+ 	   	Gathering 
LLC
   	BUD0923 	   	Sustaining maintenance 2018+ 	   	Mentor Storage LLC