 EX-10.1 2 bdco_ex101.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE
Exhibit 10.1
AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE
 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE (this “Amended Note”) is 
effective as of June 30, 2017, by and between BLUE DOLPHIN ENERGY COMPANY 
(the "Borrower") and LAZARUS ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC ("Lender").
 
WHEREAS, on March 31, 2017, Lender and Borrower entered that certain 
Promissory Note (the “Original Note”) wherein Borrower promised to pay 
Lender a principal amount of $440,815 (the “Original Principal”) plus any 
accrued but unpaid interest;
 
WHEREAS, the Original Principal increased by $2,043,482 at June 30, 2017 
(the “Principal Increase,”) and together with the Original Principal the “
Amended Principal”);
 
WHEREAS, Borrower and Lender desire to amend and restate the Original Note 
to reflect the Amended Principal.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the agreements 
hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby covenant and agree as follow:
 
PRINCIPAL BALANCE. Borrower promises to pay to the order of Lender the 
aggregate unpaid balance of the Amended Principal plus any subsequent 
additions (an “Advance,” and together with the Amended Principal the “
Principal Balance” plus any accrued but unpaid interest pursuant to the 
terms and conditions set forth herein.
 
PAYMENT.  The Principal Balance of this Amended Note plus any accrued but 
unpaid interest shall be due and payable on January 1, 2019 (the “Maturity 
Date”). 
 
INTEREST.  This Amended Note shall bear interest, compounded annually, at 
eight percent (8%).
 
PREPAYMENT.  Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to 
time to prepay this Amended Note, in whole or in part, without premium or 
penalty.
            
REMEDIES.  No delay or omission on part of the holder of this Amended Note 
in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any such 
right or of any other right of such holder, nor shall any delay, omission 
or waiver on any one occasion be deemed a bar to or waiver of the same or 
any other right on any future occasion.  The rights and remedies of the 
Lender shall be cumulative and may be pursued singly, successively, or 
together, in the sole discretion of the Lender.
 
SUBORDINATION.  Borrower's obligations under this Amended Note are 
subordinated to all indebtedness of Borrower to any unrelated third party 
lender to the extent such indebtedness is outstanding on the date of this 
Amended Note and such subordination is required under the loan documents 
providing for such indebtedness.
 
 

 
 
EXPENSES.  In the event any payment under this Amended Note is not paid by 
the Maturity Date, Borrower agrees to pay, in addition to the Principal 
Balance plus any accrued but unpaid interest, reasonable attorneys' fees 
not exceeding a sum equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the then outstanding 
amount owing on this Amended Note, plus all other reasonable expenses 
incurred by Lender in exercising any of its rights and remedies upon 
default.
 
GOVERNING LAW.  This Amended Note shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas.
 
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page to follow.]
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed this Amended Note as of the day 
and year first above written.
 
 
 
 
__/s/ JONATHAN P. CARROLL __ (LENDER SIGNATURE)
LAZARUS ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC
 
 
 
 
__/s/ TOMMY L. BYRD_______ (BORROWER SIGNATURE)
BLUE DOLPHIN ENERGY COMPANY
 
 
 
 
 
 