 EX-10.5 7 f8k122716ex10v_pacific.htm FORM OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR 
SHAREHOLDERS OF BORQS INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP
Exhibit 10.5
 
FORM OF
INSTRUCTIONS FOR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
FOR SHAREHOLDERS AND WARRANT HOLDERS (“HOLDERS”)
OF BORQS INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP (THE “COMPANY”)
 
1. 	Delivery of Letter of Transmittal, Exhibits and Certificates. The 
Letter of Transmittal, together with the exhibits attached thereto, 
properly completed and duly executed, together with the certificate(s) for 
the securities described, should be delivered to the Company at the address 
below in the envelope enclosed for your convenience. If the space provided 
on the Letter of Transmittal is inadequate, the applicable information 
should be listed on a separate schedule to be attached thereto.
 
THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF ALL REQUIRED DOCUMENTS IS AT THE ELECTION AND 
RISK OF THE HOLDER, BUT IF SENT BY MAIL, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THEY BE 
SENT BY REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED. DELIVERY OF THE 
DOCUMENTS WILL BE EFFECTIVE, AND RISK OF LOSS AND TITLE WITH RESPECT 
THERETO SHALL PASS, ONLY WHEN THE MATERIALS ARE ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE 
COMPANY AT THE ADDRESS BELOW.
 
2. 	Signatures.
 
a. 	If the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of 
the share certificate(s) listed and surrendered thereby, no endorsements of 
certificates or separate stock powers are required. If the Letter of 
Transmittal is signed by the original recipient of the warrants to be 
surrendered, no evidence of transfer is required. If the certificate(s) or 
warrants surrendered is (are) owned of record by two or more joint owners, 
all such owners must sign the Letter of Transmittal.
 
b. 	If, with respect to any surrendered certificate(s), the Letter of 
Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered owner of the 
certificate(s) listed or its duly authorized representative (as confirmed 
by proper evidence satisfactory to the Company and to Pacific Special 
Acquisition Corp. (the “Purchaser”)), such certificate(s) must be endorsed 
or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly 
as the name or names of the registered owner or owners appear on the 
certificate(s). Signatures on such Letters of Transmittal and such 
certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by a financial institution 
that is a member of a Securities Transfer Association approved medallion 
program such as STAMP, SEMP or MSP (an “Eligible Institution”).
 
c. 	If, with respect to any warrant(s), the Letter of Transmittal is signed 
by a person other than the person to whom such warrants were issued or its 
duly authorized representative (as confirmed by proper evidence 
satisfactory to the Company and the Purchaser), such warrants must be 
accompanied by appropriate evidence of transfer, signed exactly as the name 
or names of the person indicated in such warrants. Signatures on such 
Letters of Transmittal and evidence of transfer must be guaranteed by an 
Eligible Institution.
 
d. 	If the Letter of Transmittal or any certificate, warrant, stock power 
or other exhibit to the Letter of Transmittal is signed by trustees, 
executors, administrators, guardians, attorney-in-fact, officers of 
corporations or other entities or others, acting in a fiduciary or 
representative capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing and 
proper evidence, satisfactory to the Company and the Purchaser, of their 
authority to do so must be submitted.
 
3. 	Special Payment and Delivery Instructions. Indicate on the Letter of 
Transmittal all names and addresses to which consideration for the 
securities is to be issued and the amounts thereto, if different from the 
name and address of the person(s) signing the Letter of Transmittal. 
Signatures on such Letters of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible 
Institution.
 
4. 	Form W-8/W-9. If you are a U.S. person, please enter your social 
security or employer identification number, and complete, sign and date the 
attached Form W-9. If you are a non-U.S. person, you must provide a 
properly completed and executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or 
other Form W-8, which you can obtain from the Company by contacting the 
designated person below.
 

  	 	 

 

 
5. 	Additional Copies. Additional copies of the Letter of Transmittal may 
be obtained from the Company at the address listed below.
 
6. 	Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates and Warrant. If any share 
certificates or warrants have been lost, stolen or destroyed, please so 
indicate on the front of the Letter of Transmittal, and additional 
paperwork will be sent to you to replace the lost, stolen or destroyed 
certificates or warrants, as applicable.
 
All questions as to the validity, form and eligibility of any surrender of 
certificates or warrants will be determined by the Company and the 
Purchaser, and such determination shall be final and binding on each 
Holder. The Company and the Purchaser reserve the right to together waive 
any irregularities or defects in the surrender of any certificates or 
warrants. A surrender will not be deemed to have been made until all 
irregularities have been cured or waived. Neither the Company nor the 
Purchaser is under any obligation to waive or to provide any notification 
of any irregularities or defects in the surrender of any certificates or 
warrants, nor shall the Company or the Purchaser be liable for any failure 
to give such notification.
 
All documentation and requests should be sent to the Company at the 
following address:
 
Borqs International Holding Corp.
Tower A, Building B23
Universal Business Park
No. 10 Jiuxiangqiao Road
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100015, China
Attention: Pat Chan
Facsimile No.: 86-10-5975-6363
Telephone No: 86-10-5975-6336
Email: pat.chan@borqs.com
 

  	2 	 

 

 
Method of delivery of the certificate(s) is at the option and risk of the 
Holder. See Instruction 1.
 
All Holders, please mail or deliver each of the following:
 
☐ 	An original of this Letter of Transmittal, duly executed by Holder
 
☐ 	An original of the Lock-Up Agreement, duly executed by Holder, the form 
of which is attached as Exhibit A
 
☐ 	An original of the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by 
Holder, the form of which is attached as Exhibit B
 
☐ 	A completed and executed IRS Form W-9 or Form W-8BEN (or Other Form 
W-8), as applicable, the form of which is attached as Exhibit C.
 
If you are a holder of Company shares, please also mail the following:
 
☐ 	The certificate(s) representing your Company shares
 
☐ 	If required, as described in the instructions, an original stock power, 
duly executed by Holder, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D
 
If you are a holder of Company warrants, please also mail the following:
 
☐ 	All agreements for your Company warrants
 
Please return all documents to the Company using the address set forth in 
the instructions.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
 
To Exchange Securities of Borqs International Holding Corp Pursuant to the 
Merger of Borqs International Holding Corp and PAAC Merger Subsidiary 
Limited.
 
This letter of transmittal (this “Letter of Transmittal”) is being 
furnished in connection with the merger of PAAC Merger Subsidiary Limited, 
a Cayman Islands company (“Merger Sub”) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Pacific Special Acquisition Corp., a British Virgin Islands company (the “
Purchaser”), with and into Borqs International Holding Corp, a Cayman 
Islands company (the “Company”), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, dated as 
of December 27, 2016 (as amended, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among (i) 
the Purchaser, (ii) Merger Sub, (iii) Zhengqi International Holding 
Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, in the capacity thereunder as 
the Purchaser Representative (the “Purchaser Representative”), (iv) 
Zhengdong Zou, in the capacity thereunder as the Seller Representative (the 
“Seller Representative”), (v) the Company and (vi) solely for limited 
purposes thereof, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a British Virgin 
Islands company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and subject to the terms 
and conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into the 
Company with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of the Purchaser (the “Merger”). At the effective time of the Merger (the “
Effective Time”), each issued and outstanding (a) share in the capital of 
the Company (other than shares in respect of which dissenters or appraisal 
rights have been properly exercised and perfected under Cayman law and 
shares held in treasury) (each, a “Company Share”) will be cancelled and 
cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive ordinary shares of the 
Purchaser (the “Merger Consideration Shares”), (b) warrant to acquire 
shares in the capital of the Company (each, a “Company Warrant”) shall be 
cancelled, retired and terminated in exchange for the right to receive from 
the Purchaser a new warrant for ordinary shares of the Purchaser with its 
price and number of shares equitably adjusted based on the conversion of 
the Company Shares into the Merger Consideration shares, but with terms 
otherwise the same as the Purchaser’s publicly traded warrants (the “
Replacement Purchaser Warrants”), and (c) option to acquire shares in the 
capital of the Company (each, a “Company Option”) (whether vested or 
unvested) shall be assumed by Purchaser and automatically converted into an 
option to acquire ordinary shares of the Purchaser, with its price and 
number of shares equitably adjusted based on the conversion of the Company 
Shares into the Merger Consideration Shares. Any capitalized term used but 
not defined in this Letter of Transmittal will have the meaning ascribed to 
such term in the Merger Agreement.
 
The undersigned holder (“Holder”) of Company Shares and/or Company Warrants 
understands that this Letter of Transmittal is being provided to both the 
Company and the Purchaser in connection with, and as a condition to the 
consummation of the Merger, and that the Company and the Purchaser are 
consummating the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the 
Merger Agreement in reliance upon the representations, warranties, 
covenants and agreements of Holder set forth in this Letter of Transmittal.
 
IN ADDITION, HOLDER HAS READ, UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES TO ALL OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS 
TO WHICH THE HOLDER IS BOUND, THE MATERIALS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF 
TRANSMITTAL AND THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE COMPLETING ANY OF THE 
INFORMATION BELOW.
 
Please read carefully this entire Letter of Transmittal and the 
accompanying instructions before completing any of the boxes below.
 
1. Representations and Warranties of Holder. Holder hereby represents, 
warrants and covenants to the Company and the Purchaser as follows as of 
the date of this Letter of Transmittal and as of the Effective Time:
 
(a) Ownership of Securities. All of the Company Shares and Company Warrants 
owned by Holder, including without limitation the number, type, class and 
series thereof, are set forth and accurately described in Schedule 1 below 
(the “Holder Company Securities”). Holder has beneficial ownership over, is 
the lawful owner of, and has good and valid title to, the Holder Company 
Securities, free and clear of any and all pledges, mortgages, encumbrances, 
charges, proxies, voting agreements, liens, adverse claims, options, 
security interests and demands of any nature or kind whatsoever (other than 
those imposed by applicable securities laws or the Company’s organizational 
documents, as in effect on the date hereof, or any applicable Voting 
Agreement entered into by Holder with the Company and the Purchaser in 
connection with the Merger Agreement). There are no claims for finder’s 
fees or brokerage commission or other like payments in connection with the 
Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby payable by Holder 
pursuant to arrangements made by such Holder. Except for the Holder Company 
Securities set forth on Schedule 1 and any Company Options, Holder is not a 
beneficial owner or record holder of any: (i) equity securities of the 
Company, (ii) securities of the Company having the right to vote on any 
matters on which the holders of equity securities of the Company may vote, 
or (iii) options, warrants or other rights to acquire from the Company any 
equity securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity 
securities of the Company.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
(b) Binding Agreement. Holder (i) if a natural person, is of legal age to 
execute this Letter of Transmittal and each of the Exhibits hereto, 
including the Lock-Up Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and 
any other document required by this Letter of Transmittal (collectively 
with the Letter of Transmittal, the “Transmittal Documents”), and is 
legally competent to do so and (ii) if not a natural person, is (A) a 
corporation or other entity duly organized and validly existing under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (B) has all necessary 
power and authority to execute and deliver the Transmittal Documents, to 
perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. If Holder is not a natural 
person, the execution and delivery of the Transmittal Documents, the 
performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby by Holder 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or similar action on 
the part of Holder. This Letter of Transmittal and each other Transmittal 
Document, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the 
other parties hereto and thereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of Holder, enforceable against Holder in accordance with its 
terms (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other 
similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditor’s 
rights, and to general equitable principles).
 
(c) No Conflicts. No filing with, or notification to, any governmental 
authority, and no consent, approval, authorization or permit of any other 
person or entity is necessary for the execution of this Letter of 
Transmittal or any other Transmittal Document by Holder, the performance of 
its obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation by it of the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. None of the execution and 
delivery of this Letter of Transmittal or any other Transmittal Document by 
Holder, the performance of its obligations hereunder or thereunder or the 
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will 
(i) conflict with or result in any breach of the organizational documents 
of Holder, if applicable, (ii) result in, or give rise to, a violation or 
breach of or a default under any of the terms of any contract or obligation 
to which Holder is a party or by which Holder or any of the Company Shares 
or Company Warrants or its other assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any 
applicable law or order, except for any of the foregoing in clauses (i) 
through (iii) as would not reasonably be expected to impair in any material 
respect Holder’s ability to perform its obligations under this Letter of 
Transmittal or the other Transmittal Documents. Holder has not entered into 
any agreement or knowingly taken any action (nor will enter into any 
agreement or knowingly take any action) that would make any representation 
or warranty of Holder contained in this Letter of Transmittal untrue or 
incorrect in any material respect or have the effect of preventing Holder 
from performing any of its material obligations under this Letter of 
Transmittal or any Transmittal Document.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(d) Investment Representations. Holder: (i) is an “accredited investor” as 
such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”); (ii) is acquiring its 
portion of the Merger Consideration Shares and/or Replacement Purchaser 
Warrants, and/or the Purchaser Ordinary Shares underlying each such 
Replacement Purchaser Warrant (collectively, the “Purchaser Securities”) 
for itself for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards any 
resale or distribution of such Purchaser Securities; (iii) has been advised 
and understands that the Purchaser Securities (A) are being issued in 
reliance upon one or more exemptions from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, (B) have not 
been and shall not be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable 
state securities laws and, therefore, must be held indefinitely and cannot 
be resold unless such Purchaser Securities are registered under the 
Securities Act and all applicable state securities laws, unless exemptions 
from registration are available and (C) will be subject to additional 
restrictions on transfer pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreement; (iv) is aware 
that an investment in the Purchaser is a speculative investment and is 
subject to the risk of complete loss; and (v) acknowledges that the 
Purchaser is under no obligation hereunder to register the Purchaser 
Securities under the Securities Act (except as may be set forth in the 
Registration Rights Agreement). Holder does not have any contract with any 
person or entity to sell, transfer, or grant participations to such person 
or entity, or to any third person or entity, with respect to the Purchaser 
Securities. By reason of Holder’s business or financial experience, or by 
reason of the business or financial experience of Holder’s “purchaser 
representatives” (as that term is defined in Rule 501(h) under the 
Securities Act), Holder is capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an 
investment in Purchaser and of protecting its interests in connection with 
this investment. Holder has carefully read and understands all materials 
provided by or on behalf of Purchaser or its affiliates or the managers, 
directors, officers, employees, agents or advisors of Purchaser or its 
affiliates (collectively, “Purchaser’s Representatives”) to Holder or its 
affiliates or the managers, directors, officers, employees, agents or 
advisors of Holder or its affiliates (collectively, “Holder’s 
Representatives”) pertaining to an investment in the Purchaser and has 
consulted, as Holder has deemed advisable, with its own attorneys, 
accountants or investment advisors with respect to the investment 
contemplated hereby and its suitability for Holder. Holder acknowledges 
that the Purchaser Securities are subject to dilution for events not under 
the control of Holder. Holder has completed its independent inquiry and has 
relied fully upon the advice of its own legal counsel, accountant, 
financial and other Holder’s Representatives in determining the legal, tax, 
financial and other consequences of the Merger Agreement and the 
Transmittal Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby 
and the suitability of the foregoing for Holder and its particular 
circumstances, and has not relied upon any representations or advice by 
Purchaser or Purchaser’s Representatives. Holder acknowledges and agrees 
that no representations or warranties have been made by Purchaser or any 
Purchaser’s Representatives to Holder, and that Holder has not been 
guaranteed or represented to by any person or entity, (i) any specific 
amount or the event of the distribution of any cash, property or other 
interest in Purchaser or (ii) the profitability or value of the Purchaser 
Securities in any manner whatsoever. Holder: (A) has been represented by 
independent counsel (or has had the opportunity to consult with independent 
counsel and has declined to do so); (B) has had the full right and 
opportunity to consult with Holder’s attorneys and other advisors and has 
availed itself of this right and opportunity; (C) has carefully read and 
fully understands the Merger Agreement and this Letter of Transmittal and 
the other Transmittal Documents in their entirety and has had them fully 
explained to it by such counsel; (D) is fully aware of the contents hereof 
and the meaning, intent and legal effect thereof; and (E) is competent to 
execute this Letter of Transmittal and the other Transmittal Documents and 
has executed this Letter of Transmittal and the other Transmittal Documents 
free from coercion, duress or undue influence.
 
2. Escrow and Indemnification. Holder acknowledges, covenants and agrees 
that: (a) Pursuant to Section 1.14 of the Merger Agreement, four percent 
(4%) of the Merger Consideration Shares (as set forth in the Merger 
Agreement, the “Escrow Shares”), together with any dividends, distributions 
or other income thereon (the Escrow Shares together with any such 
dividends, distributions or other income, as set forth in the Merger 
Agreement, the “Escrow Property”), will be held in escrow for a period of 
eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date (the “Escrow Period”) (subject 
to amounts retained in escrow thereafter for then pending claims) and shall 
serve as security for, and a source of payment of, the indemnification 
rights of the Purchaser, the Purchaser Representative, their respective 
affiliates and their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, 
successors and permitted assigns (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) 
pursuant to Article VI of the Merger Agreement, and consequently, Holder’s 
Pro Rata Share (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Escrow Shares 
and any other Escrow Property will be held in escrow in accordance with the 
Merger Agreement and the Escrow Agreement to be entered into in connection 
with the Merger Agreement; and Holder, if a holder of Company Shares, will 
be required to provide several indemnification to the Indemnified Parties 
for claims made during the Escrow Period to the extent of the Escrow 
Property then remaining in the escrow account.
 
3. Disposition of Company Shares and Company Warrants. Pursuant to the 
Merger Agreement, Holder hereby: (a) surrenders, cancels and terminates 
Holder’s Company Shares, if any, in exchange for Holder’s Pro Rata Share of 
the Merger Consideration Shares (net of any Escrow Shares), subject to the 
Merger Agreement and the Escrow Agreement; and (b) agrees that Holder’s 
Company Warrants, if any, will be surrendered, cancelled and terminated in 
accordance with the Merger Agreement and replaced with Replacement 
Purchaser Warrants. Holder hereby authorizes and instructs the Purchaser to 
(i) make entries in its register of members to record and give effect to 
the issue and allotment of the portion of Merger Consideration Shares (less 
the Escrow Shares) due to Holder as a result of the Merger, if any, in the 
name of and deliver to the address indicated below (unless otherwise 
instructed in Schedule 2 hereto), and (ii) replace Holder’s Company 
Warrants, if any, with Replacement Purchaser Warrants pursuant to the 
Merger Agreement.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
4. Appointment of Seller Representative to Act on Holder’s Behalf. By the 
execution and delivery of this Letter of Transmittal, Holder on behalf of 
itself and its successors and assigns, hereby agrees to the provisions of 
Section 10.15 of the Merger Agreement and irrevocably constitutes and 
appoints Zhengdong Zou in the capacity as the Seller Representative as set 
forth in the Merger Agreement, as the true and lawful agent and 
attorney-in-fact of Holder with full powers of substitution to act in the 
name, place and stead of thereof with respect to the performance on behalf 
of Holder to the extent set forth in Section 10.15 of the Merger Agreement; 
provided, that the Seller Representative shall have no authority to incur 
expenses or liabilities for or on behalf of the Holder exceeding the 
Holder’s Pro Rata Share of the Escrow Property.
 
5. Release of Claims. In consideration of the receipt of its Pro Rata Share 
of the Merger Consideration Shares and/or the Replacement Warrant, Holder, 
intending to be legally bound, effective as of the Effective Time hereby 
releases and discharges the Company and its affiliates and their respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and 
assigns (collectively, “Releasees”) fully, finally and forever, from all 
and any manner of claims, actions, rights, causes of actions, suits, 
obligations, liabilities debts, due sums of money, agreements, promises, 
damages, judgments, executions, accounts, expenses, costs, attorneys’ fees 
and demands whatsoever, whether in law, contract or equity, whether known 
or unknown, matured or unmatured, foreseen or unforeseen, arising out of 
events existing or occurring contemporaneously with or prior to the 
Effective Time, in each case, in Holder’s capacity as a shareholder, 
warrant holder or option holder of the Company (or its precedessors) or 
otherwise relating to Holder’s acquisition, ownership, control or sale of 
Company Shares, Company Warrants or Company Options; provided, that nothing 
contained herein shall operate to release (i) any liabilities of a Releasee 
based upon, arising out of or relating to, without duplication, this Letter 
of Transmittal or any of the other Transmittal Documents, the Merger 
Agreement, or any of the Ancillary Documents or (ii) the Company for Fraud 
Claims made by the Purchaser against the Company under the Merger Agreement 
for which Holder has any responsibility beyond the Escrow Property. Holder 
hereby irrevocably covenants to refrain from, directly or indirectly 
asserting, commencing or instituting any cause of action, suit or claim of 
any kind against any Releasee based upon any matter intended or purported 
to be released hereby. This release may not be altered except in a writing 
signed by the person or entity against whose interest such change shall 
operate. This release shall be governed by and construed under the laws of 
the State of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts of law.
 
6. Confidentiality. Holder hereby agrees for a period of two (2) years from 
and after the date hereof to, and to cause Holder’s Representatives to: (i) 
treat and hold in strict confidence any Company Confidential Information 
(as defined in the Merger Agreement), and not use for any purpose (except 
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by 
this Letter of Transmittal, the Merger Agreement or the Ancillary 
Documents, performing its obligations hereunder or thereunder or enforcing 
its rights hereunder or thereunder), nor directly or indirectly disclose, 
distribute, publish, disseminate or otherwise make available to any third 
party any of the Company Confidential Information without the Company’s and 
the Purchaser’s prior written consent; and (ii) in the event that Holder or 
any of Holder’s Representatives becomes legally compelled to disclose any 
Company Confidential Information, (A) provide the Company and the Purchaser 
with prompt written notice of such requirement so that the Company and the 
Purchaser may seek a protective order or other remedy or waive compliance 
with this Section 6 and (B) in the event that such protective order or 
other remedy is not obtained, or the Company and the Purchaser waive 
compliance with this this Section 6, furnish only that portion of such 
Company Confidential Information which is legally required to be provided 
as advised in writing by outside counsel and to exercise its commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain assurances that confidential treatment will be 
accorded such Company Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in this event that Holder is already subject to confidentiality 
obligations to the Company which are in effect as of the Closing Date which 
provide that such confidentiality obligations are the sole confidentiality 
provisions with respect to the Company applicable to Holder, then those 
confidentiality obligations will apply to Holder in lieu of the provisions 
of this Section 6.
 
{remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows}
 

  	7 	 

 

 
IMPORTANT — HOLDERS SIGN HERE
 
(Must be signed by registered Holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on 
share certificate(s), warrants and/or on a security position listing or by 
person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) as evidenced by 
certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by 
trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers 
of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, 
please set forth full title and see Instruction 2.)
 
Method of delivery of the certificate(s) is at the option and risk of the 
Holder. See Instruction 1.
 
Signature(s): 
___________________________________________________________________________
 
Print Name: __________________________________________________
__________________________
 
Title (if signing on behalf of an entity Holder): 
__________________________________________________
 
Mailing Address: __________________________________________________
______________________
 
Area Code and Telephone Number: 
__________________________________________________________
 
Email Address: 
_____________________________________________________________________
 
Dated:                        , 2017
 
GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
(See Instruction 2)
Complete ONLY if required by Instruction 2.
 
FOR USE BY ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION ONLY.
PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW.
 
Firm:	________________________________________________________________
 
By:	_________________________________________________________________
 
Title:	________________________________________________________________
 
Date:	________________________________________________________________
 
Address _______________________________________________________________
 
_______________________________________________________________
 
_______________________________________________________________
 

  	8 	 

 

 
Schedule 1
 
Holder Company Securities
 
 
Names(s) and Address(es) of Registered Owner(s)
(Please fill in, if blank, exactly as name(s) appear(s) on the records of 
the Company) 	Company Shares
(Attach additional list if necessary)
 
 
 
Company Certificate
Number(s)
 
_________________
 
_________________
 
_________________
 
Number and Class of Company Shares

 
_______________________________
 
_______________________________
 
_______________________________
Names(s) and Address(es) of Warrant Holder(s)
(Please fill in, if blank, exactly as name(s) appear(s) on warrant 
documentation) 	
Company Warrants
(Attach additional list if necessary)
  	
Company Warrant
Number(s)
 
_________________
 
_________________
 
_________________
Number and Class of Shares Purchasable under Company Warrants
 
_______________________________
 
_______________________________
 
_______________________________
 
 
 
* 	If any certificate(s) representing Company Shares that you own or 
Company Warrants representing your right to purchase Company Shares have 
been lost or destroyed, check this box and see Instruction 6. Please fill 
out the remainder of this Letter of Transmittal and:
 
1. 	Indicate here the number and class of Company Shares represented by the 
lost or destroyed certificates:
  	  	 
  	  	
  	  	(number and class of Company Shares);
 
 
2. 	Indicate here the number and class of Company Shares purchasable 
pursuant to the lost or destroyed Company Warrants
  	  	 
  	 	
  	  	(number and class of Company Shares underlying Company Warrants)
 

 

 

 
Schedule 2
 
Special Issuance and Delivery Instructions
 
SPECIAL ISSUANCE INSTRUCTIONS
(See Instructions 2 and 3)
 
To be completed ONLY if the Pro Rata Share of Merger Consideration Shares 
or Replacement Purchaser Warrants are to be issued in the name of someone 
other than the undersigned Holder.
 
Holder Company Securities to which the Special Issuance Instruction applies 
(must match at least one of the Holder Company Securities listed on 
Schedule 1):
 
______________________________________________
 
______________________________________________
 
______________________________________________

Issue to:

Name:                                                                       
       
                                     (Please Print)

Address:                                                                    
     
  (Include Zip Code)
 
                                                                            
              
         (Tax Identification or Social Security No.)
 
If the above space is inadequate, please note that fact above and continue 
on a separate attachment
  	
SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
(See Instructions 2 and 3)
 
To be completed ONLY if the physical copies of the new certificates for the 
Pro Rata Share of Merger Consideration Shares or the Replacement Purchaser 
Warrants are to be delivered to someone other than the undersigned or to 
the undersigned at an address other than that shown above.
 
Holder Company Securities to which the Special Delivery Instruction applies 
(must match at least one of the Holder Company Securities listed on 
Schedule 1):
 
______________________________________________
 
______________________________________________
 
______________________________________________
 
Deliver to:

Name:                                                                       
       
                                     (Please Print)

Address:                                                                    
     
  (Include Zip Code)
 
If the above space is inadequate, please note that fact above and continue 
on a separate attachment
 

 

 

 
Exhibit A
 
Form of Lock-Up Agreement
 
TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL HOLDERS
 
[Complete attached Form Lock-Up Agreement]


 

 

 
Exhibit B
 
Form of Registration Rights Agreement
 
TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL HOLDERS
 
[Complete attached Form Registration Rights Agreement]
 

 

 

 
Exhibit C-1
 
IRS Form W-9
 
TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL U.S. HOLDERS
 
(See Instruction 4)
 
[Complete attached Form W-9]
 

 

 

 
Exhibit C-2
 
Form W-8BEN
 
TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL NON-U.S. HOLDERS
 
(See Instruction 4)
 
[Complete attached Form W-8BEN]
 

 

 

 
Exhibit D
 
Form of Stock Power
 
TO BE COMPLETED BY HOLDERS OF COMPANY SHARES
WHERE THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS NOT SIGNED BY THE
REGISTERED OWNER OF THE STOCK CERTIFICATE(S)
 
(See Instruction 2)
 
[Complete attached Form Stock Power]
 
 
 
 