 EX-10 8 filename8.htm
Exhibit 10.22

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Amended and Restated June 1, 2015

THIS AGREEMENT is an amendment and restatement of the agreement entered 
into on March 1, 2013, and amended and restated effective March 10, 2014, 
by and between Johnson Lau (the Executive), and Kinex Pharmaceuticals, 
Inc. (the Corporation).


Recitals

A. The Executive is the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and the 
parties intend that the Executive continue in that role.

B. Effective July 26, 2015, the board of directors of the Corporation (the 
Board) approved a further amendment to this Agreement to provide for the 
engagement of Executive in a continuing consulting relationship in the 
event of Executives termination of employment in order to retain 
Executives experience, expertise and knowledge so that the Corporation can 
achieve its business strategies and a successful leadership transition.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Executives employment and 
continued employment, the parties hereby agree as follows, effective June 
1, 2015, except as otherwise provided herein:

1. Employment. The Corporation agrees to continue the employment of 
Executive, and Executive hereby accepts continued employment with the 
Corporation, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for 
the period beginning and ending in Section 5 (the Employment Period).

2. Position and Duties.

(a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve as the 
Corporations Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or both as 
determined by the Board from time to time. While Executive holds the 
position of Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or both, 
Executive shall be considered an Executive and an officer of the 
Corporation, obligating Executive and the Corporation to the rights and 
duties inherent in an employment relationship. Executive shall be based at 
his primary residence (currently California) during the Employment Period 
and shall travel as required to perform his duties under this Agreement.

(b) Executives duties shall include the normal duties, responsibilities 
and authority of Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, or both, 
as specified in the by-laws of the Corporation and subject to the power of 
the Board to expand or limit such duties, responsibilities and authority 
and to override actions of officers of the Corporation. Such duties shall 
specifically involve the responsibility for financing, business 
development, direct management of senior Executives of the Corporation, 
management of the Board approved budgets and capital spending plans, 
management of relationships with the lenders and investors of the 
Corporation, and any other responsibilities assigned to the Executive by 
the Board that are consistent with his title and position. In this 
position, the Executive shall devote his best efforts, attention and 
energies to the business and affairs of the Corporation. Executive shall 
perform his duties and responsibilities to the Corporation to the best of 
his abilities in a diligent, trustworthy, and businesslike manner. In the 
performance of his duties hereunder, Executive shall at all times report 
and be subject to the lawful direction of the Board and perform his duties 
hereunder subject to and in accordance with the resolutions or any other 
determinations of the Board, the by-laws of the Corporation, as from time 
to time in effect (consistent with his title and position as Chairman of 
the Board, Chief Executive Officer, or both) and any Executive Manual 
applicable to all Executives of the Corporation.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) During the Employment Period, Executive shall spend 75% of his full 
business time in the performance of his duties under this Agreement. 
Executive may also hold executive positions at other unrelated entities.

(d) Upon request, Executive shall make application for, and submit to any 
examination as may be reasonably requested by, the Board in order to obtain 
key-man or other insurance on the life of Executive for the benefit of the 
Corporation as the Board shall direct provided that the results of such 
examination shall have no bearing on his continued employment hereunder.

(e) The Corporation will obtain and maintain Directors and Officer 
insurance coverage for the Executive in his position as Chairman of the 
Board and Chief Executive Officer that is at all times in an amount and 
with coverage appropriate for officers and directors of the Corporation. 
Such insurance may offset the Corporations indemnification obligations to 
Executive under its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which 
obligations are set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The Corporations 
indemnification obligations to Executive may not be diminished by future 
amendments to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

3. Base Salary, Incentives and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, Executives base salary 
shall be at a pro-rated amount based on current assessment of his agreed 
time commitment, and as of the date of this Agreement, will have an annual 
rate of Two Hundred Thousand and NO/100 Dollars ($200,000), payable in 
regular installments by, and in accordance with, the general payroll 
practices of the Corporation. In addition, the Corporation will provide 
deferred compensation in the annual amount of Three Hundred Thousand and 
NO/100 Dollars ($300,000) (Deferred Compensation) payable as described in 
Section 3(b). Such amounts together are referred to herein as the Base 
Salary. All compensation payable hereunder is subject to customary 
deductions for withholdings, including, without limitation, federal and 
slate withholding taxes, social security taxes and state disability 
insurance.

(b) Deferred Compensation. The Deferred Compensation described in Section 
3(a) is subject to the terms of the Corporations Non-Qualified Deferred 
Compensation Plan that has been adopted by the Corporation and as it may be 
amended. All Deferred Compensation shall bear simple interest at the rate 
four (4%) per annum until paid. Any partial payment of Deferred 
Compensation by the Corporation shall be applied first to the payment of 
such interest. Executive shall execute such agreements and documents from 
time to time as may be required under the terms of such Plan to implement 
the agreement set forth in this Section 3(b).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Stock Incentive.

(i) For purposes of this Section 3(c), Liquidity Event shall mean (A) an 
underwritten public offering of the capital interests of the Corporation 
resulting in gross proceeds to the Corporation less underwriting fees and 
expenses of at least $25,000,000, (B) sale of all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Corporation resulting in the payment of liquidating 
dividends to the shareholders of the Corporation, or (C) a merger, 
consolidation, exchange or similar transaction resulting in the holders of 
more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Corporation receiving cash 
or publicly traded securities of a third party upon the surrender of their 
Corporation shares.

(ii) If a Liquidity Event is consummated by the Corporation in Asia while 
Executive is Chairman of the Board of the Corporation or a Liquidity Event 
is consummated by the Corporation in the United States or Europe while 
Executive is Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, on the date of 
consummation of a Liquidity Event, and the valuation of the Corporation for 
purposes of the Liquidity Event is greater than US$200,000,000, the 
Corporation shall issue to Executive, for no further consideration, one 
hundred thousand (100,000) shares of the Corporations Common Stock, $.001 
par value, immediately prior to the consummation of the Liquidity Event.

(iii) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Board from 
terminating the Executive as Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the 
Board or prevent Executive from resigning as Chief Executive Officer or 
Chairman of the Board of the Corporation at any time. Except as provided in 
Section 3(c)(ii), the Corporation shall have no obligation to issue any 
shares to Executive under this Agreement if he does not hold the required 
position (Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board) on the date the 
Liquidity Event is consummated.

(iv) The number of shares to be issued to Executive under Section 3(c)(ii) 
above shall be adjusted from time to time for stock splits, dividends, 
subdivision, combination, or reclassification so that the number of shares 
of Common Stock issuable under this Section 3 is equal to the number of 
shares of Common Stock Executive would have been entitled to receive in 
connection with such split, dividend, subdivision, combination, or 
reclassification if the Common Stock had been issued and held by the 
Executive on the effective date of such split, dividend, subdivision, 
combination or reclassification.

(d) Benefits. In addition to the Base Salary and Stock Incentive described 
in Sections 3(a) and (c) above, Executive shall be entitled, during the 
Employment Period (and following the Employment Period to the extent 
provided below), to participate in all bonus, option, retirement, 
disability, pension, savings, health, medical, dental, insurance and other 
fringe benefits or plans of the Corporation generally available to other 
executives and senior management of the Corporation (Benefits).

(e) Note Installments. With respect to the Restricted Stock purchase 
described in Section 4 below, during the Employment Period (and the period 
following thereafter that is described in Section 6), any installment that 
becomes amount due under the promissory note that is executed by Executive 
pursuant to Section 4 shall be paid by the Corporation to Executive as 
additional compensation, subject to the conditions of this Section 3(e). 
The Corporations obligation hereunder expires upon a material breach by 
Executive of the restrictive covenants in Sections 6, 7 or 9, the 
termination of Executive for Cause (as defined in Section 5(c)), or the 
resignation of Executive without Good Reason (as defined in Section 5(e)).
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Annual Review. Executive and the Corporation shall meet annually 
beginning in 2013 to review and revise Executives compensation for the 
next calendar year including Base Salary, Deferred Compensation, stock 
incentives and bonuses. If Executive and the Corporation are unable to 
agree on Executives compensation for the next calendar year on or before 
December 31 of the current calendar and Executive resigns as the result 
thereof; such resignation shall be deemed to be a termination of the 
Executive by the Corporation without cause or by non-renewal under Section 
5(0 of this Agreement and not a voluntary resignation.

4. Restricted Stock Purchase. The Executive acquired Two Hundred Thousand 
(200,000) shares of the Corporations Series A Preferred Stock, $.001 par 
value, (the Restricted Shares) on March 10, 2014 under the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement prior to this amendment and 
restatement. The purchase price for the Restricted Shares was determined as 
the fair market value of such shares, as determined by the Board in good 
faith and in consultation with the Executive (the Purchase Price), which 
fair market value may also be expressed as a per share purchase price (the 
Per Share Purchase Price). The Purchase Price has been paid by the 
delivery of a full recourse promissory note executed by Executive for the 
benefit of the Corporation and delivered to the Corporation. Pursuant to a 
conversion of the Corporations Series A Preferred Stock, dated May 6, 
2014, the Restricted Shares were converted into 220,000 shares of the 
Corporation common stock. The Corporation and Executive contemplate that 
any other equity-based incentive arrangements will be provided for under 
separate stock incentive plans or agreements between the Corporation and 
the Executive.

(a) Vesting of Restricted Shares. Except as provided in Section 4(b), the 
Restricted Shares shall vest according to the following schedule, 
conditioned on Employee continuing to provide services hereunder. Any 
Restricted Shares which have fully vested pursuant to this Section 4 shall 
be referred to in this Agreement as Vested Shares. Any Restricted Shares 
which have not become Vested Shares shall be referred to in this Agreement 
as Unvested Shares.

(i) The parties acknowledge that one-third of the Restricted Shares became 
vested on March 9, 2015;

(ii) An additional one-third of the Restricted Shares shall vest on March 
9, 2016;

(iii) An additional one-third of the Restricted Shares shall vest on March 
9, 2017.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Other Vesting Events. The Restricted Shares that have not become 
forfeited hereunder will become vested, as described below, upon the 
occurrence of the following:

(i) The Restricted Shares shall become 100% vested upon the occurrence of a 
Liquidity Event described in clause (A) of Section 3(c)(i).

(ii) The Restricted Shares shall become 100% vested upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control described in Section 5(g), whether or not Executives 
employment is terminated.

(iii) Upon Death or Permanent Disability, the portion of the Restricted 
Shares that have become Vested Shares is the aggregate of (A) the Vested 
Shares determined under Section 4(a), and (B) a fraction of the Restricted 
Shares that arc subject to vesting during the calendar year, the numerator 
determined by the number of months service performed during the year by 
Executive and the denominator is twelve (12). A month of service will be 
credited for a partial month in which the Executive is employed for at 
least ten (10) days.

(c) Restrictions on Transfer of Unvested Shares. The Unvested Shares shall 
not be sold, exchanged, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or 
otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly, and shall not be subject to 
execution, attachment or similar process.

(d) Repurchase by the Corporation.

(i) Upon the termination of Employment Period and Executives provision of 
services as a consultant pursuant to Section 5(f), the Corporation shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase all or any portion of 
the Restricted Shares, including any Vested Shares and/or Unvested Shares 
(the Repurchase Right).

(ii) The purchase price (the Repurchase Price) shall be determined as 
follows:

(1) The Repurchase Price for each of the Unvested Shares pursuant to which 
the Repurchase Right is being exercised shall be equal to the Per Share 
Purchase Price.

(2) The Repurchase Price for each of the Vested Shares pursuant to which 
the Repurchase Right is being exercised shall be equal to the Fair Market 
Value (as defined in Section 4(e) below).

(iii) The Corporation shall have the right to exercise the Repurchase Right 
for ninety (90) clays after the period described above by giving to 
Executive written notice of such exercise, specifying the number of Vested 
Shares and Unvested Shares to be repurchased by the Corporation and the 
aggregate Repurchase Price thereof. In the event that the Corporation has 
elected to exercise the Repurchase Right as to part or all of the 
Restricted Shares within the period described above, Executive shall 
deliver to the Corporation certificate(s) representing the Shares to be 
acquired by the Corporation within twenty (20) days following the date of 
the notice from the Corporation, or within ten (10) days following 
determination of Fair Market Value, whichever is later. The Corporation 
shall deliver to Executive against delivery of the Shares the Repurchase 
Price. The Corporation may pay the Repurchase Price by offsetting any 
amounts due under the promissory note that is described in this Section 4 
and paying the balance due in cash to Executive.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) The Repurchase Right shall terminate with respect to Vested Shares and 
Unvested Shares for which it is not timely exercised under Section 
4(d)(iii) above. In addition, the Repurchase Right shall terminate with 
respect to Vested Shares upon (A) a Change of Control, or (B) the 
occurrence of Liquidity Event described in clause (A) of Section 3(c)(i).

(e) Fair Market Value. For purposes of the Repurchase Right described in 
this Section 4, the term Fair Market Value shall mean the fair market 
value per Share of the Vested Shares as agreed to in good faith between 
Executive and the Corporation. The parties acknowledge that the purchase 
price set forth in Section 1 above represents the Fair Market Value of the 
Common Stock on the date hereof. If Executive and the Corporation are 
unable to agree upon a fair market value per Share within twenty (20) days 
following the notice of the exercise of the Repurchase Right pursuant to 
Section 4(f) below, the value of the Vested Shares shall be determined by 
an independent appraiser selected by the mutual agreement of such parties. 
If such parties are unable to agree upon a mutually acceptable appraiser 
within twenty (20) days following the notice of exercise of the Repurchase 
Right pursuant to Section 4(f) below, an independent appraiser selected by 
the Corporation and an independent appraiser selected by Executive shall 
appraise the fair market value of the Vested Shares. If the two appraisers 
cannot agree as to the fair market value of the Vested Shares, the fair 
market value shall be determined by a third appraiser selected by each of 
the appraisers selected by the Corporation and Executive. The Corporation 
and Executive shall share equally the costs of any appraisers.

(f) Representations and Warranties of the Corporation. The Corporation 
hereby represents and warrants to Executive as follows:

(i) All corporate action on the part of the Corporation, its officers and 
directors necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the performance of all obligations of the Corporation hereunder 
and the authorization, issuance (or reservation for issuance) and delivery 
of the Shares being granted hereunder has been taken or will be taken prior 
to the execution of this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes a valid 
and legally binding obligation of the Corporation which is enforceable in 
accordance with its terms.

(ii) The Shares which are being granted hereunder, when issued, sold and 
delivered in accordance with the terms hereof for the consideration 
expressed herein will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable (except as set forth herein) and, based in part upon the 
representations of Executive in this Agreement, will be issued in 
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Representations and Warranties of Executive. Executive represents and 
warrants to the Corporation as follows:

(i) Executive represents that the Shares are being acquired for a personal 
account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to the 
distribution, resale or other disposition thereof.

(ii) Executive acknowledges that the Corporation is issuing the Shares 
without registering such Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state, on the 
basis of certain exemptions from such registration requirements.

(iii) Executive recognizes that the Shares must be held indefinitely unless 
they are subsequently registered or qualified under applicable federal or 
state securities laws or an exemption from such registration or 
qualification is available, and further recognizes that the Corporation is 
under no obligation to register or qualify such Shares or to comply with 
any exemption from such registration or qualification.

(iv) Executive further agrees in no event to make any disposition of all or 
any part of the Shares unless and until (i) Executive shall have notified 
the Corporation of the proposed disposition; (ii) Executive shall have 
received an opinion of counsel to the effect that such disposition will not 
require the registration or qualification of the Shares under applicable 
securities laws; and (iii) such opinion of counsel shall have been 
concurred in by the Corporations counsel and the Corporation shall have 
advised Executive of such concurrence. Executive acknowledges that any 
certificates representing the Restricted Shares may bear legends that are 
deemed appropriate by the Corporations counsel regarding the restrictions 
on disposition of the Restricted Shares.

(v) Executive acknowledges receipt of all such information as Executive 
deems necessary and appropriate to enable Executive to evaluate the 
financial risk inherent in acquiring the Shares and acknowledges receipt of 
satisfactory and complete information covering the business and financial 
condition of the Corporation, including the opportunity to obtain 
information regarding the Corporations financial status, in response to 
all inquiries in respect thereof. Executive acknowledges and represents 
that (A) Executive has a preexisting personal or business relationship with 
the Corporation and with certain of the Corporations officers and 
directors, and (8) Executive has the business and financial experience 
necessary to evaluate this investment.

(h) Section 83(b) Election. Executive may at his option make and submit a 
written election effective under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code 
with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days of the date of 
this Agreement to be taxed on the fair market value of the Restricted 
Shares on the date of this Agreement over the Purchase Price.

(i) Tax Withholdings. In the event that the Corporation is obligated to 
withhold from wages earned by Executive with respect to the Restricted 
Shares in order to satisfy withholding tax obligations under federal, state 
or local law, which may occur due to the terms of repayment of the 
promissory note described in this Section 4, if the Executive does not 
remit sufficient funds to satisfy such withholding obligations or make 
other satisfactory arrangement therefor, the Corporation may satisfy such 
withholding obligations by repurchasing Restricted Shares from Executive 
under the terms of Section 4(d) sufficient to cover the minimum withholding 
obligation.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(j) California Corporate Securities Law. The offer and sale of the Shares 
which arc the subject of this Agreement have not been qualified with the 
Commissioner of Corporations of the State of California and the issuance of 
such securities or the payment or receipt of any part of the consideration 
therefor prior to such qualification is unlawful, unless the sale of 
securities is exempt from the qualification by Section 25100, 25102, or 
25105 of the California Corporations Code. The rights of all parties to 
this Agreement are expressly conditioned upon such qualification being 
obtained, unless the offer and sale of the Shares is so exempt.

5. Term and Termination.

(a) General Term. The Employment Period shall commence on March 1, 2013 and 
end on February 28, 2016, subject to renewal as provided in Paragraph 5(b) 
below, and subject to earlier termination (i) by reason of Employees death 
or Permanent Disability, (ii) by an appropriate resolution of the Board 
with Cause or (iii) upon Employees voluntary resignation.

(b) Renewal. On March 1, 2016 and each anniversary thereof, the Employment 
Period shall automatically be extended for a period of one additional year 
beyond then-current Employment Period, unless on or before such date either 
party delivers a written notice at least ninety (90) days in advance of 
such date to the other party stating that they do not desire any such 
renewal.

(c) Termination for Cause. If the employment relationship is terminated by 
the Corporation for Cause, the Executive shall be entitled to his Base 
Salary, Bonuses, and Benefits through the date of termination, but shall 
not be entitled to any further Base Salary or Benefits (other than Benefits 
that are required to be provided by law, if any) for that year or any 
future year, or to any severance compensation of any kind, nature or 
amount. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means ally of the 
following: (i) Executives commission of a felony or other crime involving 
moral turpitude or the commission of any other act or omission involving 
dishonesty, disloyalty (i.e., a breach of fiduciary duty of loyalty), or 
fraud with respect to the Corporation; (ii) breach of fiduciary duties by 
Executive; (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the 
Corporation; (iv) substantial or repeated failure to perform material 
employment duties assigned by the Board which are consistent with the 
Executives title and position, and, if curable, which failure is not cured 
within 15 days after written notice is delivered to the Executive; or (v) 
material breach of Executives obligations under Sections 6, 7 or 9 of this 
Agreement, which breach, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after 
written notice. Any notice referred to above must be from the Board and 
specifically describe the purported grounds for Cause and identify that it 
is intended to constitute notice for purposes of this definition of Cause. 
A Change of Control shall not, in the absence of one of the items 
enumerated above, constitute Cause.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Death or Permanent Disability. If Executives employment is terminated 
as a result of his death or Permanent Disability, the Corporation shall pay 
to Executive all previously earned and accrued but unpaid Base Salary, 
Bonuses, and Benefits up to the date of death. Executive shall not be 
entitled to any further Base Salary or Benefits (other than Benefits that 
arc required to be provided by law or under the terms of the applicable 
benefit plans, if any) for that year or any future year, or to any 
severance compensation of any kind, nature or amount. For purposes of this 
Agreement, Permanent Disability shall mean the Executives inability to 
substantially perform his duties under this Agreement for a continuous 
period of three (3) months or for an aggregate of six (6) months during any 
twelve (12) month period as the result of illness, disease, injury, or 
infirmity, or the date of any earlier determination made by a physician 
selected by the Shareholders or their legal representatives.

(e) Resignation by Executive. Except as provided in Section 3(e), if the 
Executives employment is terminated voluntarily by the Executive without 
Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to his Base Salary, Bonuses, and 
Benefits through the date of termination, but shall not be entitled to any 
further Base Salary or Benefits (other than Benefits that are required to 
be provided by law and under the terms of the applicable benefit plans, if 
any) for that year or any future year, or to any severance compensation of 
any kind, nature or amount. Any resignation by Executive shall be deemed to 
be a resignation with respect to all positions under this Agreement. For 
purposes of this Agreement, termination for Good Reason means a resignation 
within two years of the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) A material and selective reduction in Base Salary, but not including a 
reduction in compensation that is applied generally to executive officers 
of the Corporation and necessitated by financial conditions.

(ii) A material reduction of Executives authority, duties or 
responsibilities.

(iii) A material breach of this Agreement by the Corporation.

(f) Termination Without Cause, Non-Renewal, or Termination For Good Reason
. Executive will be entitled to the payments and benefits described in this 
Section 5(1) in the event that Executives employment is terminated: (i) by 
the Corporation without Cause, (ii) because the Corporation elects to not 
renew this Agreement at the end of any Employment Period, other than 
pursuant to Sections 5(c), 5(d), or 5(g), or (iii) Executive resigns for 
Good Reason. In any such event, Executive shall be entitled to: (A) all 
Base Salary, Bonuses, and Benefits through the date of termination, (B) 
Base Salary in effect as of the date of termination for a period 
thirty-six (36) months following the date of such termination, payable as 
described in Section 5(i) below, (C) a cash payment that is equivalent to 
the value of the Employers contribution to any Benefits subscribed to by 
Executive at the time of termination for a thirty-six (36) month period, 
and (D) continued vesting credit for purposes of the Restricted Stock award 
described in Section 4 for a period of up to two years, or the lesser 
period required to provide full vesting of such award, provided that 
Executive provides consulting services described in Section 5(k) during 
such period. Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance 
compensation of any kind, nature or amount.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control, wherein 
Executive is terminated by the Corporation without cause or by non-renewal 
of this Agreement other than pursuant to Sections 5(c) or 5(d) above, 
Executive shall be entitled to (1) all Base Salary, Bonuses, and Benefits 
through the date of termination, and (ii) Base Salary, Bonuses, and the 
Corporations contribution to any Benefits subscribed to by Executive as of 
the date of termination for a period of thirty-six (36) months following 
the date of such termination, payable as described in Section 5(i) below, 
and Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance compensation of 
any kind, nature or amount. For purposes of this Agreement, Change of 
Control shall mean the satisfaction of any one or more of the following 
conditions: (i) any person or entity (hereinafter in this definition, 
Person), other than the Corporation or an affiliate, becomes the 
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation 
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the 
Corporations then outstanding securities; (ii) the Corporations 
shareholders approve a merger, consolidation or other business combination 
(a Business Combination) other than a Business Combination in which 
holders of common stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the 
Business Combination have substantially the same proportionate ownership of 
the equity of the surviving corporation or other business entity 
immediately after the Business Combination as immediately before; (iii) the 
Corporations shareholders approve either an agreement for the sale or 
disposition of all or substantially nil of the Corporations assets to any 
entity that is not an affiliate, or a plan of complete liquidation of the 
Corporation; or (iv) the persons who were Directors immediately before a 
tender offer by any Person other than the Corporation or an affiliate, or 
before a merger, consolidation or contested election, or before any 
combination of such transactions, cease to constitute a majority of the 
members of the Board as a result of such transaction or transactions, or 
the Corporation engages in a business transaction or agreement with a 
third-party that obtains and exercises the right to replace the majority of 
the members of the Board, including the Corporations Chairman of the 
Board.

(h) Breach of Covenants. Executive agrees that Executive shall be entitled 
to the payments provided for in Sections 5(1) or 5(g) if and only if 
Executive has not breached as of the date of termination of the Employment 
Period the provisions of Sections 6, 7 and 9 hereof and does not breach 
such sections at any time during the period for which such payments are to 
be made; provided, that the Corporations obligation to make such payments 
will terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any such breach during 
such severance period.

(i) Timing of Payments. Any payments pursuant to Sections 5(0 or 5(g) shall 
be made in installments on the payment dates on which Executives Base 
Salary would have otherwise been paid if the employment relationship had 
continued in accordance with the Corporations standard payroll policies, 
and as of the date of the final such payment the Corporation shall not have 
any further obligation to Executive pursuant to this Section 5. However, if 
such termination of employment is within one year following a Change in 
Control, payments shall be made in a single sum within ten (10) days of 
such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive is a 
specified employee described in Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-1(i), such payments 
will commence (or be paid) on the day that follows six (6) months 
Executives termination of employment or, if sooner, upon death; provided 
that all installment payments that would have otherwise been paid during 
such six-month period if Executive were not a specified employee shall be 
paid in a single sum at that time and regular installment payments will 
continue thereafter.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(j) Limits on Severance. Executive hereby agrees that no severance 
compensation of any kind, nature or amount shall be payable to Executive, 
except as expressly set forth in this Section 5, and Executive hereby 
irrevocably waives any claim for any other severance compensation. 
Executive shall have no duty of mitigation and the Base Salary severance 
payable hereunder will not be reduced by or for any other compensation, 
earnings, or employment obtained by Executive. With respect to Benefits 
severance, Benefits severance shall terminate upon the subsequent 
employment of Executive if benefits comparable to the Benefits are 
available to Executive from such subsequent the Corporation.

(k) Consulting Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that 
the employment of Executive terminates for reasons other than for Cause, as 
defined in Section 5(c), or death on and after July 26, 2015, the Executive 
may thereupon elect to continue to provide substantial services to the 
Corporation as a consultant for a continuing period of up to three years. 
The consulting services provided by Executive will include assisting in the 
implementation of key initiatives of the Corporations business plan that 
has been adopted by the Board, identifying and recruiting a successor to 
the role that is served by the Executive under this Agreement, the 
transition of duties to such successor, advising the Board and management 
regarding finances and the operations of the Corporation, and other duties 
reasonably assigned by the Board. During the period of the consulting 
relationship, the Executive shall: (i) be paid reasonable compensation for 
services rendered to the Corporation or its affiliates, (ii) receive 
continuation of health insurance or payment of premiums, (iii) be deemed to 
be employed for the purposes of satisfying the vesting and other conditions 
under the Restricted Stock purchase and related promissory note described 
in this Agreement and in any other restricted stock, stock option or 
equity-based incentive award, and in any supplemental retirement or 
deferred compensation arrangement, and (iv) continue to be subject to other 
applicable covenants contained in the Agreement, including the restrictive 
covenants described in Sections 6, 7, 8 and 9. The parties may enter into a 
separate consulting agreement that includes the terms of this Section 5(k).

6. Non-Competition.

(a) Field of Interest. Executive recognizes and acknowledges the 
competitive and proprietary nature of the Corporations business 
operations. Executive acknowledges and agrees that a business will be 
deemed competitive with the Corporation if it provides products or services 
related to the current or proposed products or services, or information now 
or hereafter provided or offered by the Corporation or under development by 
the Corporation that are in the Corporations Field of Interest. For 
purpose of clarity, the Corporations Field of Interest is the discovery, 
development, commercialization and marketing of therapeutics (i) based on 
kinase inhibitors discovered through Mimetica and OPAL, (ii) pre-tubulin 
polymerization inhibitors, small molecules against OraA1, or (iv) 
P-glycoprotein inhibitors based on HM30181A for enhanced oral absorption.

(b) Further Acknowledgements. Executive further acknowledges and agrees 
that during the course of performing services for the Corporation, the 
Corporation has or will furnish, disclose or make available to Executive 
confidential and proprietary information related to the Corporations 
business and that Executive has had and will have access to, and develop 
relationships with, the customers, vendors, partners and employees of the 
Corporation. Executive also acknowledges that such confidential and 
proprietary information and relationships have been developed and will be 
developed by the Corporation through the expenditure by the Corporation of 
substantial time, effort and money and that all such confidential 
information and relationships could be used by Executive to compete with 
the Corporation.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Restricted Activities. The restrictive covenants provided herein are 
made in consideration of the Executives compensation for services rendered 
or to be rendered to the Corporation and in view of the position held by 
Executive, the relationships that have been and will be developed and 
maintained by Executive on behalf of the Corporation, and the confidential 
nature and proprietary value of the information which the Corporation may 
share with Executive, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged. During the 
Employment Period and for a period of thirty-six (36) months following the 
expiration or termination of the Employment Period, and including any 
continuing consulting period described in Section 5(k) (the Restricted 
Term), whether such termination is voluntary or involuntary, Executive 
shall not, without the prior written consent of the Corporation:

(i) directly or indirectly, either as principal, agent, stockholder, 
employee, consultant, representative or in any other capacity, own, manage, 
operate or control, or be concerned, connected or employed by, or otherwise 
act in any manner with, engage in or have a financial interest in any 
business which is engaged in the Field of Interest anywhere in the world, 
except that nothing contained herein shall preclude Executive from 
purchasing or owning stock in any such business if such stock is publicly 
traded, and provided that Executives holdings do not exceed five percent 
(5%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of such business; or

(ii) either individually or on behalf of or through any third party, 
solicit, divert, hire or otherwise appropriate or attempt to solicit, 
divert, hire or otherwise appropriate, for the purpose of competing in the 
Field of Interest anywhere in the Restricted Territory with the Corporation 
or with any present or future parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the 
Corporation, any employee or agent of the Corporation, any joint venture or 
strategic partners of the Corporation, or any customers, vendors or 
prospective customers or vendors of the Corporation.

(d) Reasonableness of Restrictions. Executive further recognizes and 
acknowledges that (i) the types of employment which are prohibited by this 
paragraph are narrow and reasonable in relation to the skills which 
represent Executives principal salable asset both to the Corporation and 
to Executives other prospective employers or customers, and (ii) the 
specified but broad geographical scope of the provisions of this paragraph 
is reasonable, legitimate and fair to Executive in light of the 
Corporations need to perform its research and to develop and market its 
services and to develop and sell its products in the global markets in 
order to have a sufficient customer base to make the Corporations business 
profitable and in light of the limited restrictions on the type of 
employment prohibited herein compared to the types of employment for which 
Executive is qualified to earn his livelihood.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Blue Pencil. If any part of this section should be determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be unreasonable in duration, geographic 
area, or scope, then this section is intended to and shall extend only for 
such period of time, in such area and with respect to such activity as is 
determined to be reasonable.

7. Disclosure to Outsiders. Executive shall at all times, both during the 
Employment Period and after termination of Executives employment, whether 
by the Corporation or by the Executive, maintain in confidence and not 
utilize the Proprietary Information or the Intellectual Property of the 
Corporation, or technology, business or proprietary information of others 
under confidential evaluation or use by the Corporation, including 
information with respect to the Corporations Field of Interest, 
(collectively, Confidential Information) except in performing services 
for the Corporation. Maintaining Confidential Information in confidence 
shall include refraining from disclosing Confidential Information to any 
third party (except when duly and specifically authorized in writing to do 
so for purpose of furthering the business of the Corporation), and 
refraining from using Confidential Information for the account of Executive 
or for any other person or business entity. Executive will not file patents 
based on the Corporations Confidential Information, nor seek to make 
improvements thereon, without written approval.

For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:

Intellectual Property means all Inventions, writing, trade name, 
trademark, service mark or any other material registered or otherwise 
protected or protectable under state, federal, or foreign patent, 
trademark, copyright, or similar laws.

Inventions includes ideas, discoveries, inventions, developments and 
improvements, whether or not reduced to practice and whether or not 
patentable or otherwise protected or protectable under state, federal, or 
foreign patent, trade mark, copyright or similar laws.

Proprietary Information includes any scientific, technical, trade or 
business secrets of the Corporation and any scientific, technical, trade or 
business materials that the Corporation treats, or is obligated to treat, 
as confidential or proprietary, including, but not limited to, Inventions 
belonging to the Corporation and confidential information obtained by or 
given to the Corporation about or belonging to its suppliers, licensors, 
licensees, partners, affiliates, customers, potential customers or others.

8. Disclosure to the Corporation. The Executive shall, upon request of the 
Corporation, promptly communicate and disclose to the Corporation all 
information, observations, and data obtained by the Executive in the course 
of the Executives employment. All written materials, records mid documents 
made by the Executive or coming into the Executives possession during his 
or her employment concerning the Corporations business (collectively, 
Business Information), shall be the sole and absolute property of the 
Corporation, and upon termination of employment, or upon request of the 
Corporation during the Employment Period, the Executive shall promptly 
deliver the same to the Corporation.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. Inventions. If during the Employment Period, Executive produces, 
develops, creates, invents, conceives or reduces to practice, Inventions 
and Intellectual Property in the Corporations Field of Interest, Executive 
shall maintain and furnish to the Corporation complete and current records 
of all such Inventions and Intellectual Property. Executive agrees that all 
such Inventions and Intellectual Property are and shall be the exclusive 
property of the Corporation, and that the Corporation may use or pursue 
them without restriction or additional compensation to the Executive. 
Executive: (i) hereby assigns, sets over and transfers to the Corporation 
all of his right, title and interest in and to such Inventions and 
Intellectual Property; (ii) to the extent consistent with the Copyright Act 
of 1976 (the Copyright Act), each such Invention or Intellectual Property 
shall be a work made for hire as that term is defined in Section 101 of 
the Copyright Act, and shall be the sole property of the Corporation and 
the Corporation shall be the sole author thereof within the meaning of the 
Copyright Act, and if any such Invention, Intellectual Property or any 
portion thereof is not deemed to be a work made for hire, this Agreement 
shall operate as an irrevocable assignment of the copyright to the 
Invention or Intellectual Property throughout the world, and (iii) agrees 
that Executive and his agents shall, during and after the period Executive 
is retained by the Corporation, cooperate fully in obtaining patent, 
trademark, service mark, copyright, mask work or other proprietary 
protection for such Inventions and Intellectual Property, which action may 
be initiated in the Corporations sole and absolute discretion, all in the 
name of the Corporation at its own expense, and, without limitation, shall 
execute all requested applications, assignments and other documents in 
furtherance of obtaining such protection or registration and confirming 
full ownership by the Corporation of such Inventions and Intellectual 
Property. Executive hereby designates the Corporation as its agent, and 
grants to the Corporation a power of attorney with full substitution, which 
power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, for the 
purposes of effecting the foregoing assignments from the Executive to the 
Corporation. Executive shall, upon leaving the Corporation, provide to the 
Corporation in writing a hill, signed statement of all Inventions and 
Intellectual Property in which Executive participated prior to termination 
of Executives employment.

10. Breach. The Executive expressly agrees that any breach of the 
provisions of this Agreement by him or her will result in irreparable 
damage to the Corporation, and it is agreed that the Corporation may 
prevent any such breach by injunctive proceedings or may specifically 
compel performance by the Executive of his or her obligations hereunder. 
Executive also expressly agrees that if he violates any term of this 
Agreement, the Corporation, in addition to any other remedies it may have 
at law or in equity, may require an accounting and repayment of all 
profits, compensation, remuneration or other benefits realized, directly or 
indirectly, as a result of such violations (A) by the Executive, or (B) by 
any business engaged in the Corporations Field of Interest controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the Executive.

11. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without regard to its 
choice of laws principles. Executive consents to the jurisdiction and venue 
of the courts of the State of New York and any federal court situated in 
New York.

12. Severability. If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that 
any provision contained in this Agreement, or any part thereof, is 
unenforceable for any reason, the Executive agrees that such court shall 
have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, or 
otherwise modify such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced 
form, such provision shall then be enforceable. If, notwithstanding the 
immediately preceding sentence, any court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that any provision contained in this Agreement, or any part 
thereof, is unenforceable and cannot for any reason be reduced and enforced 
as described above, the Executive agrees that such determination shall not 
affect, impair or invalidate the remainder of this Agreement.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. Successors. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding 
upon the Corporation, its successors and assigns, including without 
limitation any corporation which may acquire all or substantially all of 
the Corporations assets or business or into which the Corporation may be 
consolidated or merged, and shall likewise inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon Executive, his heirs, executors, administrators and legal 
representatives. The Corporation may assign his right to payment or 
compensation, but may not assign any duties or responsibilities or 
obligations assumed as a result of his employment with the Corporation.

14. Non-Waiver. The Corporations failure to exercise any of its rights in 
the event the Executive breaches any of the separate and distinct promises 
in this Agreement, or the Corporations failure to exercise any of its 
rights under similar contracts with other Executives, shall not be 
construed as a waiver of any breach or prevent the Corporation from later 
enforcing strict compliance with any and all promises in this Agreement.

15. Modification. This Agreement contains the parties complete 
understanding, and there are no other agreements, oral or written, 
pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement 
supersedes any previous agreements that may exist between the parties, 
including any agreement that created a term of employment for the 
Executive. Any amendments or modifications to this Agreement must be in 
writing and signed by the parties

16. Waiver of Jury Trial. The Executive hereby irrevocably waives any right 
to trial by jury that he may have in the event that litigation is commenced 
between the parties at any time in the future.

17. Opportunity to Review. The Executive hereby represents and warrants 
that he (A) has had an opportunity to review this Agreement and ask the 
Corporation questions about the Agreement, and (B) understands the meaning 
and effect of each Section of this Agreement.

18. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes the Prior Agreement and any 
other prior agreements, representations or promises of any kind, whether 
written, oral, express or implied, between the parties hereto with respect 
to the subject matters herein. This Agreement constitutes the full, 
complete and exclusive agreement between the Executive and the Corporation 
with respect to the subject matters herein; provided, however, that the 
Corporation has entered into and may from time to time enter into separate 
compensatory arrangements with Executive for the provision of fringe 
benefits and other benefits as described in Section 3(d) and 3(e), deferred 
compensation, stock-based incentive compensation and other incentive 
compensation.

[Execution Page Follows]
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION PAGE

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement which may be 
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, 
effective as of the date specified on page I.
 
 
Johnson Lau
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Jinn Wu
  	Chair, Compensation Committee
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

Excerpts From Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation of
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Bylaws

ARTICLE VII
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

7.1. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is 
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed 
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or 
investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) 
by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or 
agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the 
Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against 
expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such 
action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no 
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of 
any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, 
or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, 
create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a 
manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

7.2. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party, or 
is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed 
action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment 
in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request 
of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another 
Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against 
expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by 
him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if 
he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or 
not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and except that no 
indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as 
to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the 
Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the 
court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon 
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all 
the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably 
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such 
other court shall deem proper.

7.3. To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of 
any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 or 2 of this 
Article, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be 
indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and 
reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.4. Any indemnification under sections 1 or 2 of this Article (unless 
ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in 
the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the 
director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because 
he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in such section. 
Such determination shall be made:

(a) By the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of 
directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or

(b) If such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of 
disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a 
written opinion, or

(c) By the stockholders.

7.5. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or 
director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative 
action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the 
final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an 
undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such 
amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be 
indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Section. Such expenses 
(including attorneys fees) incurred by other employees and agents may be 
so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Board of Directors 
deems appropriate.

7.6. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or 
granted pursuant to the other sections of this Article shall not be deemed 
exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or 
advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of 
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in 
his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding 
such office.

7.7. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on 
behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent 
of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation 
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability 
asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising 
out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the 
power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this 
Article.

7.8. For purposes of this Article, references to the Corporation shall 
include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent 
Corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a 
consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, 
would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, 
and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, 
officer employee or agent of such constituent Corporation, or is or was 
serving at the request of such constituent Corporation as a director, 
officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under 
this Article with respect to the resulting or surviving Corporation as he 
would have with respect to such constituent Corporation of its separate 
existence had continued.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.9. For purposes of this Article, references to other enterprises shall 
include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any 
excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit 
plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall 
include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such 
director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit 
plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good 
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the 
participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed 
to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the 
Corporation as referred to in this Article.

7.10. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or 
granted pursuant to, this Article shall, unless otherwise provided when 
authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a 
director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the 
heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

7.11. No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable 
to the Corporation or to any stockholder of the Corporation for monetary 
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, provided 
that this provision shall not limit the liability of a director or officer 
(i) for any breach of the directors or the officers duty of loyalty to 
the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good 
faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of 
law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, or 
(iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an 
improper personal benefit.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Certificate of Incorporation

Articles Nine and Ten

Ninth: The Corporation shall to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 
of the GCL, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and 
all directors and officers when it shall have the power to indemnify under 
said Section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or 
other matters referred to in or covered by said Section, and the 
indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any 
other rights to which any person may be entitled under any by-law, 
resolution of stockholder, resolution of directors, agreement or otherwise, 
as permitted by said Section 145, as to actions of such person in any 
capacity in which he or she served at the request of the Corporation.

Tenth: Anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Incorporation 
notwithstanding, no director shall be liable personally to the Corporation 
or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a 
director, provided however, that nothing in this paragraph shall eliminate 
or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of such directors 
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or 
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a 
knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the GCL, or (iv) for 
any transaction from which such director derived an improper personal 
benefit. The modification or repeal of this Article Tenth shall not affect 
the restriction hereunder of a directors personal liability for any act or 
omission occurring prior to such modification or repeal.
 
20