 EX-10.6 4 d102835dex106.htm EX-10.6
Exhibit 10.6
 
 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

by and between

PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.

and

THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO

Dated as of October 24, 2016
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 	   	  	1 	  
   SECTION 1.1
  	Certain Definitions 	   	  	1 	  
   SECTION 1.2
  	Other Definitional Provisions; Interpretation 	   	  	5 	  
ARTICLE II. REGISTRATION RIGHTS 	   	  	5 	  
   SECTION 2.1
  	Piggyback Rights 	   	  	5 	  
   SECTION 2.2
  	Demand Registration 	   	  	8 	  
   SECTION 2.3
  	Registration Procedures 	   	  	10 	  
   SECTION 2.4
  	Other Registration-Related Matters 	   	  	13 	  
ARTICLE III. INDEMNIFICATION 	   	  	16 	  
   SECTION 3.1
  	Indemnification by the Company 	   	  	16 	  
   SECTION 3.2
  	Indemnification by the Holders and Underwriters 	   	  	16 	  
   SECTION 3.3
  	Notices of Claims, Etc 	   	  	17 	  
   SECTION 3.4
  	Contribution 	   	  	17 	  
   SECTION 3.5
  	Other Indemnification 	   	  	18 	  
   SECTION 3.6
  	Non-Exclusivity 	   	  	18 	  
ARTICLE IV. OTHER 	   	  	18 	  
   SECTION 4.1
  	Notices 	   	  	18 	  
   SECTION 4.2
  	Assignment 	   	  	19 	  
   SECTION 4.3
  	Amendments; Waiver 	   	  	20 	  
   SECTION 4.4
  	Third Parties 	   	  	20 	  
   SECTION 4.5
  	Governing Law 	   	  	20 	  
   SECTION 4.6
  	Jurisdiction 	   	  	20 	  
   SECTION 4.7
  	MUTUAL WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 	   	  	20 	  
   SECTION 4.8
  	Specific Performance 	   	  	20 	  
   SECTION 4.9
  	Entire Agreement 	   	  	21 	  
   SECTION 4.10
  	Severability 	   	  	21 	  
   SECTION 4.11
  	Counterparts 	   	  	21 	  
   SECTION 4.12
  	Effectiveness 	   	  	21 	  
   SECTION 4.13
  	Confidentiality 	   	  	21 	  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of 
October 24, 2016 and is by and between Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. (the 
Company) and Blackstone (as defined below).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (Hilton) intends to distribute 
its entire interest in the Company by way of a dividend of all outstanding 
shares of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below) owned by Hilton to 
holders of Hilton common stock; and

WHEREAS, Hilton and Blackstone are parties to a Registration Rights 
Agreement dated as of December 17, 2013, which is being amended and 
restated of even date herewith, relating to the registration of shares of 
Hilton common stock.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, 
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree 
as follows:


ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

Adverse Disclosure means public disclosure of material, non-public 
information that, in the Board of Directors good faith judgment, after 
consultation with outside counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to 
be made in any registration statement or report filed with the SEC by the 
Company so that such registration statement or report would not be 
materially misleading and such material, non-public information would not 
be required to be made at such time but for the filing of such registration 
statement or report, and (ii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose 
for not disclosing publicly.

Advice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

Affiliate has the meaning ascribed thereto in Rule 12b-2 promulgated 
under the Exchange Act, as in effect on the date hereof.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Blackstone means the entities listed on the signature pages hereto under 
the heading Blackstone Parties.

Blackstone Entities means the entities comprising Blackstone, their 
respective Affiliates and the successors and permitted assigns of such 
entities and their respective Affiliates.

Board means the board of directors of the Company.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, holiday or other 
day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or 
required by law to close.

Common Stock means the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, 
of the Company, and any other capital stock of the Company into which such 
common stock is reclassified or reconstituted.

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Control (including its correlative meanings, Controlled by and under 
common Control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the 
power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether 
through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership 
interests, by contract or otherwise) of a Person.

Demand Party has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).

Demand Suspension has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a)(ii)(y).

Distribution Date means the date on which the distribution to holders of 
record of shares of Hilton common stock of the Park Common Stock owned by 
Hilton is effectuated.

Effective Date means the Distribution Date.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be 
amended from time to time.

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other 
political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government.

HNA Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and HNA, but 
not any amendments thereto.

HNA Holder means the holders of securities entitled to registration 
rights under the HNA Registration Rights Agreement.

Holder means each entity comprising Blackstone that is a holder of 
Registrable Securities or Securities exercisable, exchangeable or 
convertible into Registrable Securities or any Transferee of such Person to 
whom registration rights are assigned pursuant to Section 4.2.

Indemnified Party and Indemnified Parties have the meanings set forth 
in Section 3.1.

Law means any statute, law, regulation, ordinance, rule, injunction, 
order, decree, governmental approval, directive, requirement, or other 
governmental restriction or any similar form of decision of, or 
determination by, or any interpretation or administration of any of the 
foregoing by, any Governmental Authority.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited 
liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint 
venture, a cooperative, an unincorporated organization, or other form of 
business organization, whether or not regarded as a legal entity under 
applicable Law, or any Governmental Authority or any department, agency or 
political subdivision thereof.

Public Offering means a public offering of equity securities of the 
Company or any successor thereto or any Subsidiary of the Company pursuant 
to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act.

Registrable Securities means all shares of Common Stock and any 
Securities into which the Common Stock may be converted or exchanged 
pursuant to any merger, consolidation, sale of all or any part of its 
assets, corporate conversion or other extraordinary transaction of the 
Company held by a Holder (whether now held or hereafter acquired, and 
including any such Securities received by a Holder upon the conversion or 
exchange of, or pursuant to such a transaction with respect to, other 
Securities held by such Holder). As to any Registrable Securities, such 
Securities will cease to be Registrable Securities when:
 
  	(a) 	a registration statement covering such Registrable Securities has 
been declared effective and such Registrable Securities have been disposed 
of pursuant to such effective registration statement;
 
  	(b) 	such Registrable Securities shall have been sold pursuant to Rule 
144 or 145 (or any similar provision then in effect) under the Securities 
Act;
 
  	(c) 	such Registrable Securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or 145 
(or any similar provision then in effect) without limitation thereunder on 
volume or manner of sale, unless such Registrable Securities are held by a 
Holder that beneficially owns 5% or more of the then outstanding shares of 
Common Stock; or
 
  	(d) 	such Registrable Securities cease to be outstanding.

Registration Expenses means any and all expenses incurred in connection 
with the performance of or compliance with this Agreement, including:
 
  	(a) 	all SEC, stock exchange, or FINRA registration and filing fees 
(including, if applicable, the fees and expenses of any qualified 
independent underwriter, as such term is defined in Rule 5121 of FINRA, 
and of its counsel);
 
  	(b) 	all fees and expenses of complying with securities or blue sky Laws 
(including fees and disbursements of counsel for the underwriters in 
connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities);
 
  	(c) 	all printing, messenger and delivery expenses;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(d) 	all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of 
the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange or FINRA and all 
rating agency fees;
 
  	(e) 	the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company 
and of its independent public accountants, including the expenses of any 
special audits and/or cold comfort letters required by or incident to 
such performance and compliance;
 
  	(f) 	any fees and disbursements of underwriters customarily paid by the 
issuers of Securities, including liability insurance if the Company so 
desires or if the underwriters so require, and the reasonable fees and 
expenses of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with 
the requested registration, but excluding underwriting discounts and 
commissions and transfer taxes, if any;
 
  	(g) 	the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of not more than one 
law firm (as selected by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable 
Securities included in such registration) incurred by all the Holders in 
connection with the registration;
 
  	(h) 	the costs and expenses of the Company relating to analyst and 
investor presentations or any road show undertaken in connection with the 
registration and/or marketing of the Registrable Securities; and
 
  	(i) 	any other fees and disbursements customarily paid by the issuers of 
securities.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor 
agency.

Securities means capital stock, limited partnership interests, limited 
liability company interests, beneficial interests, warrants, options, 
notes, bonds, debentures, and other securities, equity interests, ownership 
interests and similar obligations of every kind and nature of any Person.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be amended 
from time to time.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, association or other business entity of 
which: (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares 
of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to 
vote in the election of directors, representatives or trustees thereof is 
at the time owned or Controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or 
one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination 
thereof; or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association 
or other business entity, a majority of the total voting power of stock (or 
equivalent ownership interest) of the limited liability company, 
partnership, association or other business entity is at the time owned or 
Controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person or one or more 
Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, 
a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest 
in a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business 
entity if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of limited 
liability company, partnership, association or other business entity gains 
or losses or shall be or Control the managing director or general partner 
of such limited liability company, partnership, association or other 
business entity.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Transfer (including its correlative meanings, Transferor, Transferee 
and Transferred) shall mean, with respect to any security, directly or 
indirectly, to sell, contract to sell, give, assign, hypothecate, pledge, 
encumber, grant a security interest in, offer, sell any option or contract 
to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, 
right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of any 
economic, voting or other rights in or to such security. When used as a 
noun, Transfer shall have such correlative meaning as the context may 
require.

SECTION 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Interpretation.

(a) The words hereof, herein, and hereunder and words of similar 
import when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and 
not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The word including and 
words of similar import when used in this Agreement mean including, 
without limitation, unless otherwise specified. References in this 
Agreement to a designated Article or Section refer to an Article or 
Section of this Agreement unless otherwise specified and references to 
clauses without a cross-reference to a Section or subsection are references 
to clauses within the same Section or, if more specific, subsection. The 
word extent in the phrase to the extent means the degree to which a 
subject or other thing extends and such phrase shall not mean simply if. 
References to day means a calendar day unless otherwise indicated as a 
Business Day.

(b) The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of 
reference only and do not limit or otherwise affect the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.

(c) The meanings given to terms defined herein are equally applicable to 
both the singular and plural forms of such terms.

(d) When calculating the period of time before which, within which or 
following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this 
Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period 
is excluded. If the last day of such period is a non-Business Day, the 
period in question ends on the next succeeding Business Day.


ARTICLE II.
REGISTRATION RIGHTS

SECTION 2.1 Piggyback Rights.

(a) If at any time the Company proposes to register Securities for public 
sale (whether proposed to be offered for sale by the Company or by any 
other Person) under the Securities Act (other than a registration on Form 
S-4 or S-8, or any successor or other forms promulgated for similar 
purposes) in a manner which would permit registration of Registrable 
Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Act, other than for 
an underwritten secondary offering initiated by a HNA Holder under the HNA 
Registration Rights Agreement, it shall, at each such time, give prompt 
written notice (which notice shall be given not less than ten (10) Business 
Days prior to the filing by the Company with the SEC of any registration 
statement
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with respect thereto and shall specify the intended method or methods of 
disposition and the number of Securities proposed to be registered) to each 
Holder of its intention to do so and of such Holders rights under this 
Section 2.1, provided, no such notice need be given of any underwritten 
offering if the managing underwriter advises the Company in writing (a copy 
of which shall be provided to each Holder) that, in its opinion, the 
inclusion of Registrable Securities would be likely to have an adverse 
impact on the price, timing or distribution of the Securities offered in 
such offering. Upon the written request of any Holder made within five (5) 
Business Days after the receipt of any such notice (which request shall 
specify the number of Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of by 
such Holder), the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect 
the registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable Securities 
which the Holders have so requested to be registered; provided that: (i) 
any Holder shall have the right to withdraw such Holders request for 
inclusion of any of such Holders Registrable Securities in any 
registration statement pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) by giving written 
notice to the Company of such withdrawal, provided, that, in the case of 
any underwritten offering, written notice of such withdrawal must be given 
to the Company prior to the time at which the offering price or 
underwriters discount is determined with the managing underwriter or 
underwriters; (ii) if, at any time after giving written notice of its 
intention to register any Securities and prior to the effective date of the 
registration statement filed in connection with such registration, the 
Company shall determine for any reason not to proceed with the proposed 
registration of the Securities to be sold by it, the Company may, at its 
election, give written notice of such determination to the Holders and, 
thereupon, the Company shall be relieved of its obligation to register any 
Registrable Securities in connection with such registration (but not from 
its obligation to pay the Registration Expenses incurred in connection 
therewith) without prejudice to the rights of the Demand Party to request 
that such registration be effected as a registration under Section 2.2(a); 
and (iii) subject to clause (i), if such registration involves an 
underwritten offering, each Holder of Registrable Securities requesting to 
be included in the registration must, upon the written request of the 
Company, sell its Registrable Securities to the underwriters on the same 
terms and conditions as apply to the other Securities being sold through 
underwriters under such registration, with, in the case of a combined 
primary and secondary offering, only such differences, including any with 
respect to representations and warranties, indemnification and liability 
insurance, as may be customary or appropriate in combined primary and 
secondary offerings.

(b) Expenses. The Company shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection 
with each registration of Registrable Securities requested pursuant to this 
Section 2.1.

(c) Priority in Piggyback Registrations. If a registration pursuant to this 
Section 2.1 involves an underwritten offering and the managing underwriter 
advises the Company in writing (a copy of which shall be provided to each 
Holder) that, in its opinion, the number of Registrable Securities and 
other Securities requested to be included in such registration exceeds the 
number which can be sold in such offering, so as to be likely to have an 
adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the Securities 
offered in such offering, then the Company shall include in such 
registration: (i) first, the Securities the Company proposes to sell for 
its own account; and (ii) second, such number of Securities requested to be 
included in such registration which, in the opinion of such managing 
underwriter, can be sold without having the adverse effect referred to 
above, which number of Securities shall be allocated (A) until the date 
that is the second anniversary of the Effective Date, (x) first, to the 
holders of Registrable
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Securities requested to be included in such registration pursuant to 
Section 2.1(a), on the basis of the relative number of Securities requested 
to be included in such registration by each such holder and (y) second, 
pro rata among all other holders of Securities entitled to include 
Securities in such registration and that submitted a proper request for 
inclusion in such registration, on the basis of the relative number of 
Securities requested to be included in such registration by each such 
holder and (B) after the date that is the second anniversary of the 
Effective Date, pro rata among the holders of Registrable Securities 
requested to be included in such registration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) 
and all other holders of Securities entitled to include Securities in such 
registration that submitted a proper request for inclusion in such 
registration, on the basis of the relative number of Securities requested 
to be included in such registration by each such holder. Any other selling 
holders of the Companys Securities will be included in an underwritten 
offering only with the consent of holders holding a majority of the shares 
being sold in such offering.

(d) Excluded Transactions. The Company shall not be obligated to effect any 
registration of Registrable Securities under this Section 2.1 incidental to 
the registration of any of its Securities in connection with:

(i) a registration statement filed to cover issuances under employee 
benefits plans or dividend reinvestment plans;

(ii) any registration statement relating solely to the acquisition or 
merger after the date hereof by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of 
or with any other businesses, assets or properties;

(iii) any registration statement covering securities other than shares of 
the same class as those held by Holders (even if such securities are 
convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares that are 
registered as part of such offering or

(iv) any registration related solely to an exchange by the Company of its 
own securities.

(e) Plan of Distribution, Underwriters and Counsel. If a registration 
pursuant to this Section 2.1 involves an underwritten offering that is 
initiated by selling holders, the holders that initiated such underwritten 
offering (by action of the holders of a majority of the Securities 
requested to be registered thereby) shall have the right to (i) determine 
the plan of distribution, (ii) select the investment banker or bankers and 
managers to administer the offering, including the lead managing 
underwriter (provided that such investment banker or bankers and managers 
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company) and (iii) select counsel 
for the selling holders. If a registration pursuant to this Section 2.1 
involves an underwritten offering that is initiated by the Company, the 
Company shall have the right to (i) determine the plan of distribution and 
(ii) select the investment banker or bankers and managers to administer the 
offering, including the lead managing underwriter; and the holders of a 
majority of the Securities requested to be registered thereby by selling 
holders (by action of the holders of a majority of the Securities requested 
to be registered thereby by such selling holders) shall have the right to 
select counsel for the selling holders.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Shelf Takedowns. In connection with any shelf takedown (whether 
pursuant to Section 2.2(f) or at the initiative of the Company), other than 
in the case of an underwritten secondary offering initiated by the HNA 
Holder under the HNA Registration Rights Agreement, the Holders may 
exercise piggyback rights in the manner described in this Agreement to 
have included in such takedown Registrable Securities held by them that are 
registered on such shelf registration statement, provided, that in the case 
of any shelf takedown for an underwritten offering, at the initiative of 
the Company, the ten (10) Business Day period in Section 2.1(a) shall be 
reduced to seven (7) Business Days.

SECTION 2.2 Demand Registration.

(a) General. Upon the written request of any Blackstone Entity (the 
Demand Party) requesting that the Company effect the registration under 
the Securities Act of Registrable Securities and specifying the amount and 
intended method of disposition thereof (including, but not limited to, an 
underwritten public offering), the Company shall (i) promptly give written 
notice of such requested registration to the other Holders and other 
holders of Securities entitled to notice of such registration, if any, and 
(ii) as expeditiously as possible, use its reasonable best efforts to file 
a registration statement to effect the registration under the Securities 
Act of:

(i) such Registrable Securities which the Company has been so requested to 
register by the Demand Party in accordance with the intended method of 
disposition thereof; and

(ii) the Registrable Securities of other Holders which the Company has been 
requested to register by written request given to the Company within five 
(5) Business Days after the giving of such written notice by the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to file a 
registration statement relating to any registration request under this 
Section 2.2(a):

(x) within a period of one hundred eighty (180) days (or such lesser period 
as the managing underwriters in an underwritten offering may permit) after 
the effective date of any other registration statement relating to any 
registration request under this Section 2.2(a) or relating to any 
registration referred to in Section 2.1; provided, that if greater than 50% 
of the Registrable Securities requested to be registered pursuant to 
Section 2.1 or Section 2.2(a) by the Blackstone Entities taken as a whole 
are excluded from the applicable registration pursuant to Section 2.1(c) or 
Section 2.2(e), Blackstone shall have the right, with respect to such 
excluded Registrable Securities, to request one (1) additional registration 
pursuant to Section 2.2(a) within such period of one hundred eighty (180) 
days; provided further, that such request shall not be made within ninety 
(90) days after the effective date of the registration statement from which 
such Registrable Securities were excluded; or

(y) if, in the good faith judgment of a majority of the disinterested 
members of the Board, the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of 
the registration statement would be adverse to the Company because (i) such 
action would require the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or (ii) the Board of Directors of the 
Company has determined in good faith that the registration or sale of the 
Registrable Securities would be reasonably expected to materially and 
adversely affect a planned bona fide financing of the Company that is 
reasonably likely to be promptly initiated by the Company, then the Company 
may delay the filing (but not the preparation of) or initial effectiveness 
of, or suspend use of, the registration statement (a Demand Suspension); 
provided, however, that the Company shall not be permitted to exercise more 
than two Demand Suspensions during any twelve-(12) month period for more 
than an aggregate of ninety (90) days; and provided, further, that in the 
event of a Demand Suspension, such Demand Suspension shall terminate at 
such time as the Company would no longer be required to make any Adverse 
Disclosure or any such planned financing has been abandoned or completed.

(b) Form. Each registration statement prepared at the request of a Demand 
Party shall be effected on such form as reasonably requested by the Demand 
Party, including by a shelf registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the 
Securities Act on a Form S-3 (or any successor rule or form thereto) if so 
requested by the Demand Party and if the Company is then eligible to effect 
a shelf registration and use such form for such disposition.

(c) Expenses. The Company shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection 
with each registration of Registrable Securities requested pursuant to this 
Section 2.2.

(d) Plan of Distribution, Underwriters and Counsel. If a requested 
registration pursuant to this Section 2.2 involves an underwritten 
offering, the Demand Party shall have the right to (i) determine the plan 
of distribution, (ii) select the investment banker or bankers and managers 
to administer the offering, including the lead managing underwriter 
(provided that such investment banker or bankers and managers shall be 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company) and (iii) select counsel for the 
selling Holders.

(e) Priority in Demand Registrations. If a requested registration pursuant 
to this Section 2.2 involves an underwritten offering and the managing 
underwriter advises the Company in writing (a copy of which shall be 
provided to each Holder) that, in its opinion, the number of Securities 
requested to be included in such registration exceeds the number which can 
be sold in such offering, so as to be likely to have an adverse effect on 
the price, timing or distribution of the Securities offered in such 
offering, then the number of such Registrable Securities to be included in 
such registration shall be allocated pro rata among (1) Registrable 
Securities held by the Demand Party, and (2) the Registrable Securities 
held by other Holders that have requested that their Registrable Securities 
be sold pursuant to Section 2.1(a), if any, on the basis of the relative 
number of securities requested to be included in such registration by the 
Demand Party and each such other Holder. Any other selling holders of the 
Companys Securities will be included in an underwritten offering only with 
the consent of Holders holding a majority of the shares being sold in such 
offering.

(f) Shelf Takedowns. Upon the written request of the Demand Party at any 
time and from time to time, the Company shall facilitate in the manner 
described in this Agreement a takedown of the Demand Partys Registrable 
Securities off of an effective shelf registration statement. Upon the 
written request of the Demand Party, the Company shall file
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and seek the effectiveness of a post-effective amendment to an existing 
shelf registration statement in order to register up to the number of the 
Demand Partys Registrable Securities previously taken down off of such 
shelf by the Demand Party and not yet reloaded onto such shelf 
registration statement.

(g) Additional Rights. The Company shall not enter into any agreement with 
respect to its securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted to 
the Holders in this Agreement or grant any additional registration rights 
to any Person or with respect to any securities that are not Registrable 
Securities that adversely affects the priorities of the Holders pursuant to 
Sections 2.1(c) or 2.2(e) of this Agreement.

(h) Number of Demands. The Holders shall be entitled to a maximum of six 
(6) demand registrations (including shelf takedowns) for an underwritten 
offering pursuant to Section 2.2(a); provided a registration (or shelf 
takedown) shall not count for this purpose until, in the case of a 
registration statement, the registration statement has been declared 
effective by the SEC and, in the case of a shelf takedown, the prospectus 
supplement for such offering has been filed with the SEC.

SECTION 2.3 Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company is 
required to file a registration statement with respect to, or to use its 
reasonable best efforts to effect or cause the registration of, any 
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act as provided in this 
Agreement, the Company shall as expeditiously as possible:

(a) promptly prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on an 
appropriate form with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its 
reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to become 
effective; provided, however, that the Company may discontinue any 
registration of Securities which it has initiated for its own account at 
any time prior to the effective date of the registration statement relating 
thereto (and, in such event, the Company shall pay the Registration 
Expenses incurred in connection therewith); and provided, further, that 
before filing a registration statement or prospectus, or any amendments or 
supplements thereto, the Company shall (i) furnish to counsel for the 
sellers of Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement 
copies of all documents proposed to be filed, which documents will be 
subject to the review of such counsel, (ii) fairly consider such reasonable 
changes in any such documents prior to or after the filing thereof as the 
counsel to the sellers of Registrable Securities being sold may request, 
and (iii) make such of the representatives of the Company as shall be 
reasonably requested by the sellers of the Registrable Securities being 
sold available for discussion of such documents;

(b) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such 
registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as 
may be necessary to keep such registration statement effective for a period 
not in excess of two (2) years (which period shall not be applicable in the 
case of a shelf registration effected pursuant to a request under Section 
2.2(b)) and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the 
Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Securities covered by 
such registration statement during such period in accordance with the 
intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof set forth 
in such registration statement; provided that before filing a registration 
statement or prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, the 
Company shall (i)
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
furnish to counsel for the sellers of Registrable Securities covered by 
such registration statement copies of all documents proposed to be filed, 
which documents will be subject to the review of such counsel, (ii) fairly 
consider such reasonable changes in any such documents prior to or after 
the filing thereof as the counsel to the sellers of Registrable Securities 
being sold may request, and (iii) make such of the representatives of the 
Company as shall be reasonably requested by the sellers of the Registrable 
Securities being sold available for discussion of such documents;

(c) furnish to each seller of such Registrable Securities and the 
underwriters of the securities being registered such number of copies of 
such registration statement and of each amendment and supplement thereto 
(in each case including all exhibits filed therewith, including any 
documents incorporated by reference), such number of copies of the 
prospectus included in such registration statement (including each 
preliminary prospectus and summary prospectus), in conformity with the 
requirements of the Securities Act, and such other documents as such seller 
or underwriters may reasonably request in order to facilitate the 
disposition of the Registrable Securities by such seller or the sale of 
such securities by such underwriters (it being understood that, subject to 
the requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities 
laws, the Company consents to the use of the prospectus and any amendment 
or supplement thereto by each seller and the underwriters in connection 
with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by the 
registration statement of which such prospectus, amendment or supplement is 
a part);

(d) use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify such Registrable 
Securities covered by such registration in such jurisdictions as each 
seller shall reasonably request and to keep each such registration or 
qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the period in which 
the registration statement is required to be kept effective, and do any and 
all other acts and things which may be reasonably necessary or advisable to 
enable such seller to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of 
the Registrable Securities owned by such seller;

(e) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registrable Securities 
covered by such registration statement to be registered with or approved by 
such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to 
enable the seller or sellers thereof to consummate the disposition of such 
Registrable Securities;

(f) promptly notify each seller and any underwriter of any such Registrable 
Securities covered by such registration statement, at any time when a 
prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the 
Securities Act, of the Companys becoming aware that the prospectus 
included in such registration statement, as then in effect, includes an 
untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact 
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein 
not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing, and at the 
request of any such seller, as promptly as practicable thereafter prepare 
and furnish to such seller and any underwriter a reasonable number of 
copies of an amended or supplemental prospectus as may be necessary so 
that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such Registrable 
Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the 
light of the circumstances then existing;
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, and make 
available to its Security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable (but 
not more than eighteen (18) months) after the effective date of the 
registration statement, an earnings statement which shall satisfy the 
provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act;

(h) (i) list such Registrable Securities on any securities exchange on 
which other Securities of the Company are then listed if such Registrable 
Securities are not already so listed and if such listing is then permitted 
under the rules of such exchange; and (ii) provide a transfer agent 
registrar and CUSIP number for such Registrable Securities covered by such 
registration statement not later than the effective date of such 
registration statement;

(i) enter into such customary agreements (including an underwriting 
agreement in customary form), which may include indemnification provisions 
in favor of underwriters and other Persons in addition to, or in 
substitution for the indemnification provisions hereof, and take such other 
actions as sellers of a majority of such Registrable Securities or the 
underwriters, if any, reasonably request in order to expedite or facilitate 
the disposition of such Registrable Securities;

(j) if requested by the managing underwriter(s) of an underwritten offering 
or if reasonably requested by the seller or sellers of a majority of such 
Registrable Securities, use reasonable best efforts to obtain a cold 
comfort letter or letters from the Companys independent public 
accountants addressed to the underwriters or seller or sellers in customary 
form and covering matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort 
letters;

(k) make available for inspection by any seller of such Registrable 
Securities covered by such registration statement and by any underwriter 
participating in any disposition to be effected pursuant to such 
registration statement and by any attorney, accountant or other agent 
retained by any such seller or any such underwriter, at reasonable times 
and in a reasonable manner, all pertinent financial and other records, 
pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company, and cause all 
of the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all 
information reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter, attorney, 
accountant or agent in connection with such registration statement to 
conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of Section 11 of the 
Securities Act that is customary for a participant in a registered 
securities offering;

(l) notify counsel for the Holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such registration statement and the managing underwriter or agent, 
immediately, and confirm the notice in writing: (i) when the registration 
statement, or any post-effective amendment to the registration statement, 
shall have become effective, or any supplement to the prospectus or any 
amendment to any prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of the receipt of 
any comments from the SEC; (iii) of any request of the SEC to amend the 
registration statement or amend or supplement the prospectus or for 
additional information; and (iv) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop 
order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement or of any 
order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of 
the suspension of the qualification of the registration statement for 
offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the institution or threatening 
of any proceedings for any of such purposes;
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m) provide each Holder of Registrable Securities included in such 
registration statement reasonable opportunity to comment on the 
registration statement, any post-effective amendments to the registration 
statement, any supplement to the prospectus or any amendment to any 
prospectus;

(n) make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order 
suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement or of any order 
preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus and, if any 
such order is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of any such order at the 
earliest possible moment;

(o) if requested by the managing underwriter or agent or any Holder of 
Registrable Securities covered by the registration statement, promptly 
incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such 
information as the managing underwriter or agent or such Holder reasonably 
requests to be included therein, including, with respect to the number of 
Registrable Securities being sold by such Holder to such underwriter or 
agent, the purchase price being paid therefor by such underwriter or agent 
and with respect to any other terms of the underwritten offering of the 
Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; and make all required 
filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon 
as practicable after being notified of the matters incorporated in such 
prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment;

(p) cooperate with the Holders of Registrable Securities covered by the 
registration statement and the managing underwriter or agent, if any, to 
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing 
any restrictive legends) representing Securities to be sold under the 
registration statement, and enable such Securities to be in such 
denominations and registered in such names as the managing underwriter or 
agent, if any, or the Holders may request;

(q) use its reasonable best efforts to make available the executive 
officers of the Company to participate with the Holders of Registrable 
Securities and any underwriters in any road shows that may be reasonably 
requested by the Holders in connection with distribution of Registrable 
Securities;

(r) obtain for delivery to the underwriter an opinion or opinions from 
counsel for the Company in customary form and in form, substance and scope 
reasonably satisfactory to such Holders, underwriters or agents and their 
counsel; and

(s) cooperate with each seller of Registrable Securities and each 
underwriter or agent participating in the disposition of such Registrable 
Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings 
required to be made with FINRA.

SECTION 2.4 Other Registration-Related Matters.

(a) The Company may require any Person that is Transferring Securities in a 
Public Offering pursuant to Section 2.1 or Section 2.2 to furnish to the 
Company in writing such information regarding such Person and pertinent to 
the disclosure requirements relating to the registration and the 
distribution of the Registrable Securities which are included in such 
Public Offering as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in 
writing and the Company shall not be required to include the Securities of 
such Person in such Public Offering if such information is not provided to 
the Company.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of 
the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 2.3(f), it will 
forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the 
registration statement covering such Registrable Securities until its 
receipt of the copies of the amended or supplemented prospectus 
contemplated by Section 2.3(f) or until it is advised in writing (the 
Advice) by the Company that the use of the prospectus may be resumed and, 
if so directed by the Company, each Holder will deliver to the Company or 
destroy (at the Companys expense) all copies, other than permanent file 
copies then in its possession, of the prospectus covering such Registrable 
Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice. In the event the 
Company gives any such notice, the period for which the Company shall be 
required to keep the registration statement effective shall be extended by 
the number of days during the period from and including the date of the 
giving of such notice pursuant to Section 2.3(f) to and including the date 
when each seller of Registrable Securities covered by such registration 
statement has received the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus 
contemplated by Section 2.3(f) or the Advice. The Company shall use its 
reasonable best efforts and take such actions as are reasonably necessary 
to render the Advice as promptly as practicable.

(c) Each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of 
the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 2.3(l)(iv), it 
will forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant 
to the registration statement covering such Registrable Securities until 
the lifting of such stop order, other order or suspension or the 
termination of such proceedings and, if so directed by the Company, each 
Holder will deliver to the Company or destroy (at the Companys expense) 
all copies, other than permanent file copies then in its possession, of the 
prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of 
receipt of such notice. In the event the Company gives any such notice, the 
period for which the Company shall be required to keep the registration 
statement effective shall be extended by the number of days during the 
period from and including the date of the giving of such notice pursuant to 
Section 2.3(l)(iv) to and including the date when such stop order, other 
order or suspension is lifted or such proceedings are terminated.

(d) (i) Each Holder will, in connection with a Public Offering of the 
Companys equity Securities (whether for the Companys account or for the 
account of any Holder or Holders, any HNA Holder or HNA Holders, or any or 
all of them), upon the request of the Company or of the underwriters 
managing any underwritten offering of the Companys Securities, agree in 
writing not to effect any sale, disposition or distribution of Registrable 
Securities (other than those included in the Public Offering) without the 
prior written consent of the managing underwriter for such period of time 
commencing seven (7) days before and ending ninety (90) days (or such 
earlier date as the managing underwriter shall agree) after the effective 
date of such registration; provided that the Company shall cause all 
directors and officers of the Company, and all other Persons with 
registration rights with respect to the Companys Securities (whether or 
not pursuant to this Agreement) (other than those that are parties to the 
HNA Registration Rights Agreement) to enter into agreements similar to 
those contained in this Section 2.4(d)(i) (without regard to this proviso), 
subject to exceptions for gifts, sales pursuant to pre-existing Rule 10b5-1 
plans and other customary exclusions agreed to by such managing
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
underwriter; and (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, in connection 
with an underwritten Public Offering of the Companys Securities in respect 
of which Registrable Securities are included, upon the request of the 
underwriters managing such offering, agree in writing not to effect any 
sale, disposition or distribution of equity Securities of the Company 
(other than those included in such Public Offering, offered pursuant to 
Section 2.2(f), offered on Form S-8, issuable upon conversion of Securities 
or upon the exercise of options, or the grant of options in the ordinary 
course of business pursuant to then-existing management equity plans or 
equity-based employee benefit plans, in each case outstanding on the date a 
notice is given by the Company pursuant to Section 2.1(a) or a request is 
made pursuant to Section 2.2(a), as the case may be, or agreed to by such 
managing underwriter) without the prior written consent of the managing 
underwriter, for such period of time commencing seven (7) days before and 
ending ninety (90) days (or such earlier date as the managing underwriter 
shall agree) after the effective date of such registration.

(e) With a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and 
regulations of the SEC which may at any time permit the sale of Securities 
of the Company to the public without registration after such time as a 
public market exists for Registrable Securities, the Company agrees:

(i) to make and keep public information available, as those terms are 
understood and defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, at all times 
after the effective date of the first registration under the Securities Act 
filed by the Company for an offering of its Securities to the public;

(ii) to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC in a 
timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under 
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and

(iii) so long as a Holder owns any Registrable Securities, to furnish to 
such Holder promptly upon request: (A) a written statement by the Company 
as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 (at any 
time after ninety (90) days after the effective date of the first 
registration statement filed by the Company for an offering of its 
Securities to the public), and of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act 
(at any time after it has become subject to such reporting requirements); 
(B) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company; 
and (C) such other reports and documents of the Company as such Holder may 
reasonably request in availing itself or himself of any rule or regulation 
of the SEC allowing such Holder to sell any such Securities without 
registration.

(f) Each of the parties hereto agrees that the registration rights provided 
to the Holders herein are not intended to, and shall not be deemed to, 
override or limit any other restrictions on Transfer to which any such 
Holder may otherwise be subject.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE III.
INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 3.1 Indemnification by the Company. In the event of any 
registration of any Securities of the Company under the Securities Act 
pursuant to Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, the Company hereby indemnifies and 
agrees to hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, each 
Holder who sells Registrable Securities covered by such registration 
statement, each Affiliate of such Holder and their respective directors, 
officers, employees, partners and equityholders (and the directors, 
officers, employees, Affiliates and controlling Persons of any of the 
foregoing), each other Person who participates as an underwriter in the 
offering or sale of such Securities and each other Person, if any, who 
controls such Holder or any such underwriter within the meaning of the 
Securities Act (each, and Indemnified Party and collectively, the 
Indemnified Parties), against any and all losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities, joint or several, and reasonable and documented expenses to 
which such Indemnified Party may become subject under the Securities Act, 
common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof, whether or not 
such Indemnified Party is a party thereto) arise out of or are based upon: 
(a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact 
contained in any registration statement under which such Securities were 
registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary, final or summary 
prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or 
any document incorporated by reference therein, or any other such 
disclosure document (including reports and other documents filed under the 
Exchange Act and any document incorporated by reference therein) or related 
document or report; (b) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading, in the case of a prospectus, in the 
light of the circumstances when they were made; or (c) any violation or 
alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any federal, 
state, foreign or common law rule or regulation applicable to the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries and relating to action or inaction in connection 
with any such registration, disclosure document or related document or 
report, and the Company shall reimburse such Indemnified Party for any 
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with 
investigating or defending any such loss, claim, liability, action or 
proceeding; provided that the Company shall not be liable to any 
Indemnified Party in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, 
damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense 
arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue 
statement or omission or alleged omission made in such registration 
statement, in any such preliminary, final or summary prospectus, or any 
amendment or supplement thereto in reliance upon and in conformity with 
written information with respect to such Indemnified Party furnished to the 
Company by such Indemnified Party expressly for use in the preparation 
thereof. Such indemnity will remain in full force and effect regardless of 
any investigation made by or on behalf of such Holder or any Indemnified 
Party and will survive the Transfer of such Securities by such Holder or 
any termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 3.2 Indemnification by the Holders and Underwriters. The Company 
may require, as a condition to including any Registrable Securities in any 
registration statement filed in accordance with Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, 
that the Company shall have received an undertaking reasonably satisfactory 
to it from the Holder of such Registrable Securities or any prospective 
underwriter to indemnify and hold harmless (in the same manner and to the 
same extent as set forth in Section 3.1) the Company, all other Holders or 
any prospective underwriter,
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
as the case may be, and any of their respective Affiliates, directors, 
officers and controlling Persons, with respect to any untrue statement in 
or omission from such registration statement, any preliminary, final or 
summary prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement, if 
such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in 
conformity with written information with respect to such Holder or 
underwriter furnished to the Company by such Holder or underwriter 
expressly for use in the preparation of such registration statement, 
preliminary, final or summary prospectus or amendment or supplement, or a 
document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing. Such 
indemnity will remain in full force and effect regardless of any 
investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or any of the Holders, or 
any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers or controlling 
Persons and will survive the Transfer of such Securities by such Holder. In 
no event shall the liability of any selling Holder of Registrable 
Securities hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the 
proceeds actually received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable 
Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

SECTION 3.3 Notices of Claims, Etc. Promptly after receipt by an 
Indemnified Party hereunder of written notice of the commencement of any 
action or proceeding with respect to which a claim for indemnification may 
be made pursuant to this Article III, such Indemnified Party will, if a 
claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give 
written notice to the latter of the commencement of such action; provided 
that the failure of the Indemnified Party to give notice as provided herein 
will not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under Section 
3.1 or Section 3.2, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is 
actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any such action 
is brought against an Indemnified Party, unless in such Indemnified Partys 
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and 
indemnifying parties may exist in respect of such claim, the indemnifying 
party will be entitled to participate in and to assume the defense thereof, 
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified to the extent 
that it may wish, with counsel selected by the Holders of at least a 
majority of the Registrable Securities included in the relevant 
registration, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such 
Indemnified Party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the 
indemnifying party will not be liable to such Indemnified Party for any 
legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection 
with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. If, 
in such Indemnified Partys reasonable judgment, having common counsel 
would result in a conflict of interest between the interests of such 
indemnified and indemnifying parties, then such Indemnified Party may 
employ separate counsel reasonably acceptable to the indemnifying party to 
represent or defend such Indemnified Party in such action, it being 
understood, however, that the indemnifying party will not be liable for the 
reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at 
any time for all such Indemnified Parties (and not more than one separate 
firm of local counsel at any time for all such Indemnified Parties) in such 
action. No indemnifying party will consent to entry of any judgment or 
enter into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional term 
thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party 
of a release from all liability in respect of such claim or litigation.

SECTION 3.4 Contribution. If the indemnification provided for hereunder 
from the indemnifying party is unavailable to an Indemnified Party 
hereunder in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or 
expenses referred to herein for reasons other than those described in the 
proviso in the first sentence of Section 3.1, then the indemnifying party, 
in lieu of
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or 
payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities or expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to 
reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and Indemnified 
Parties in connection with the actions which resulted in such losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant 
equitable considerations. The relative fault of such indemnifying party and 
Indemnified Parties shall be determined by reference to, among other 
things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged 
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to 
state a material fact, has been made by, or relates to information supplied 
by, such indemnifying party or Indemnified Parties, and the parties 
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to 
correct or prevent such action. The amount paid or payable by a party under 
this Section 3.4 as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities 
and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or 
other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with 
any investigation or proceeding. In no event shall the liability of any 
selling Holder of Registrable Securities hereunder be greater in amount 
than the dollar amount of the proceeds actually received by such Holder 
upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such 
contribution obligation. Any obligation of Holders to contribute pursuant 
to this Section 3.4 shall be several in proportion to the amount of 
Registrable Securities registered by them and not joint.

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if 
contribution pursuant to this Section 3.4 were determined by pro rata 
allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account 
of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding 
paragraph. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the 
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to 
contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent 
misrepresentation.

If indemnification is available under Section 3.1, the indemnifying parties 
shall indemnify each Indemnified Party to the full extent provided in 
Section 3.1 without regard to the relative fault of said indemnifying party 
or Indemnified Party or any other equitable consideration provided for in 
this Section 3.4.

SECTION 3.5 Other Indemnification. Indemnification similar to that 
specified in this Article III (with appropriate modifications) shall be 
given by the Company and each seller of Registrable Securities with respect 
to any required registration or other qualification of Securities under 
any Law or with any Governmental Authority other than as required by the 
Securities Act.

SECTION 3.6 Non-Exclusivity. The obligations of the parties under this 
Article III will be in addition to any liability which any party may 
otherwise have to any other party.


ARTICLE IV.
OTHER

SECTION 4.1 Notices. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to 
be given hereunder by any party hereto to another party hereto shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed given (a) when delivered personally, (b) one 
(1) Business Day after being sent by internationally recognized overnight 
courier, or (c) if transmitted by facsimile, if confirmed within 24 hours 
thereafter by a signed original sent in the manner provided in clause (a) 
or (b) to parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for 
a party as shall be specified by prior written notice from such party):

if to the Company:

Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.
1600 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000
McLean, VA 22102
Attention: General Counsel
Fax: (703) 893-1057
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with a copy (not constituting notice) to:

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP
60 State Street
Boston, MA 02109
Attention: Mark G. Borden
       Jay E. Bothwick
Fax: (617) 526-5000

if to Blackstone:

The Blackstone Group L.P.
345 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10154
Attention: Tyler S. Henritze
Fax: (212) 583-5191

with an additional copy (not constituting notice) to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Attention: Brian M. Stadler
       Christopher R. May
Fax: (212) 455-2502

SECTION 4.2 Assignment. Neither the Company nor any Holder shall assign all 
or any part of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the 
Company and Blackstone; provided, however, that any Blackstone Entity may 
assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part 
in connection with a Transfer of Registrable Securities with a then fair 
market value of at least $100 million or to any of its affiliates, 
provided, such Transferee or assignee executes and delivers to the Company 
a counterpart to this Agreement whereby it agrees to be bound by the terms 
of the Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will 
inure to the benefit of and be binding on the parties hereto and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.3 Amendments; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented 
or otherwise modified only by a written instrument executed by the Company 
and the Holders holding a majority of the Registrable Securities subject to 
this Agreement; provided that no such amendment, supplement or other 
modification shall adversely affect the economic interests of any Holder 
hereunder disproportionately to other Holders without the written consent 
of such Holder. No waiver by any party hereto of any of the provisions 
hereof will be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and 
executed by the party so waiving. Except as provided in the preceding 
sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including without 
limitation, any investigation by or on behalf of any party, will be deemed 
to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with 
any covenants or agreements contained herein. The waiver by any party 
hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate or 
be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.

SECTION 4.4 Third Parties. This Agreement does not create any rights, 
claims or benefits inuring to any person that is not a party hereto nor 
create or establish any third party beneficiary hereto.

SECTION 4.5 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of 
Delaware.

SECTION 4.6 Jurisdiction. The Delaware Court of Chancery and any state 
appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware (or, if the Delaware 
Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, 
any state or federal court within the State of Delaware) shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction over the parties with respect to any dispute or 
controversy between them arising under or in connection with this agreement 
and, by execution and delivery of this agreement, each of the parties to 
this Agreement submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts, 
including but not limited to the in personam and subject matter 
jurisdiction of those courts, waives any objections to such jurisdiction on 
the grounds of venue or forum non conveniens, the absence of in personam 
or subject matter jurisdiction and any similar grounds, consents to service 
of process by mail (in accordance with the notice provisions of this 
Agreement) or any other manner permitted by Law, and irrevocably agrees to 
be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this 
Agreement.

SECTION 4.7 MUTUAL WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHT 
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO ENFORCE OR 
DEFEND ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

SECTION 4.8 Specific Performance. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges 
and agrees that in the event of any breach of this Agreement by any of 
them, the non-breaching party would be irreparably harmed and could not be 
made whole by monetary damages. Each party accordingly agrees to waive the 
defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would 
be adequate and that the parties, in addition to any other remedy to which 
they may be entitled at law or in equity, shall be entitled to compel 
specific performance of this Agreement.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire 
understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof. There are no agreements, representations, warranties, covenants or 
undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those 
expressly set forth herein. This Agreement supersedes all other prior 
agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such 
subject matter, including the Original Agreement.

SECTION 4.10 Severability. If one or more of the provisions, paragraphs, 
words, clauses, phrases or sentences contained herein, or the application 
thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in 
any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
any such provision, paragraph, word, clause, phrase or sentence in every 
other respect and of the remaining provisions, paragraphs, words, clauses, 
phrases or sentences hereof shall not be in any way impaired, it being 
intended that all rights, powers and privileges of the parties hereto shall 
be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Law.

SECTION 4.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of 
which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

SECTION 4.12 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective 
automatically on the Effective Date, without further action by any party. 
Until the Effective Date (if any), this Agreement shall be of no force or 
effect and shall create no rights or obligations on the part of any party 
hereto.

SECTION 4.13 Confidentiality. Each Holder agrees that all material 
non-public information provided pursuant to or in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement shall be kept confidential by the person to whom such 
information is provided, until such time as such information becomes public 
other than through violation of this provision. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any party may disclose the information (i) if required to do so 
by any law, rule, regulation, order, decree or subpoena of any governmental 
agency or authority or court, (ii) that (A) is or becomes available to such 
party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or 
its representatives (which source was not to such partys knowledge 
prohibited from disclosing such information to such party by a legal, 
contractual or fiduciary obligation owed to the Company), (B) is already in 
such partys possession (not including information furnished by or on 
behalf of the Company), and (C) is independently developed or acquired by 
such party without reference to, or use of, any material non-public 
information and without violating this Section 4.13 and (iii) to its 
representatives who have a need to know such information in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provided that such party 
shall remain liable for any breach of this Section 4.13 by its 
representatives.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the 
date first written above.
 
COMPANY:
PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Sean DellOrto
Name: 	  	Sean DellOrto
Title: 	  	
Senior Vice President
and Treasurer
 
[Signature Page to BX-Park Registration Rights Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BLACKSTONE PARTIES:
HLT HOLDCO II LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
HLT HOLDCO III LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
HLT BREH VI HOLDCO LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
HLT BREP VI.TE.2 HOLDCO LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
HLT BREH INTL II HOLDCO LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
 
[Signature Page to BX-Park Registration Rights Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HLT A23 BREH VI HOLDCO LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
HLT A23 HOLDCO LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Tyler S. Henritze
Name: 	  	Tyler S. Henritze
Title: 	  	
Vice President, Secretary
and Senior Managing
Director
 
[Signature Page to BX-Park Registration Rights Agreement]