 EX-10.23 3 brx10k12312016ex1023.htm EX 10.23


Exhibit 10.23

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


(Brian Finnegan)


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) dated December 5, 2014 by and 
between Brixmor Property Group, Inc. (the “Company”) and Brian Finnegan 
(“Executive”).


The Company desires to employ Executive and to enter into an agreement 
embodying the terms of such employment;


Executive desires to accept such employment and enter into such an 
agreement;


In consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:


1.Term of Employment. Subject to the provisions of Section 5 of this 
Agreement, Executive shall be employed by the Company for a period 
commencing on the date hereof (the “Effective Date”) and ending on the 
third anniversary of the Effective Date (the “Employment Term”) on the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; provided, 
however, the Employment Term shall be automatically extended for an 
additional one-year period commencing with the third anniversary of the 
Effective Date and, thereafter, on each such successive anniversary of the 
Effective Date thereafter (each an “Extension Date”), unless the Company or 
Executive provides the other party hereto at least 90 days prior written 
notice before the next Extension Date that the Employment Term shall not be 
so extended (a “Notice of Non-Renewal”).

2.Position, Duties and Authority.

(a)During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as the Company’s 
Executive Vice President, Leasing. In such position, Executive shall have 
such duties, functions, responsibilities and authority as shall be 
determined from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
(the “CEO”) and be consistent with the duties, functions, responsibilities 
and authority of an individual in Executive’s position at a public real 
estate company. Executive shall report directly to the CEO.

(b)With respect to each full fiscal year during the Employment Term, 
Executive will devote his full business time and best efforts to the 
performance of Executive’s duties hereunder (excluding periods of vacation 
and sick leave) and will not engage in any other business, profession or 
occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere 
with the rendition of such services either directly or indirectly, without 
the prior written consent of the Board; provided that nothing herein shall 
preclude Executive, subject to the prior approval of the Board, from (i) 
accepting appointment to or continuing to serve on any board of directors 
or trustees of any business corporation, (ii) serving as an officer or 
director or otherwise participating in non-profit educational, welfare, 
social, religious and civil organizations, including, without limitation, 
all such positions and participation in effect as of the Effective Date, 
and (iii) managing personal and family investments; provided, however, that 
any such activities as described in (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding 
provisions of this paragraph do not conflict or interfere with the 
performance and fulfillment of the Executive’s duties and responsibilities 
as an executive or director of the Company in accordance with this 
Agreement or conflict with Section 6. Executive shall be permitted to 
retain all compensation in respect of any of the services or activities 
referred to in the first proviso of the first sentence of this Section 
2(b).

(c)    As of the start of the Employment Term, Executive’s principal place 
of employment shall be the Company’s offices located at 420 Lexington 
Avenue, New York, New York, subject to required travel.


3.Compensation.

(a)Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay Executive 
a base salary (“Base Salary”) at the annual rate of $275,000, payable in 
regular installments in accordance with the Company’s usual payment 
practices. Executive shall be entitled to such increases in Executive’s 
Base Salary, if any, as may be determined from time to time in the sole 
discretion of the Board, but in no event shall the Company be entitled to 
reduce Executive’s Base Salary.

(b)Annual Bonus. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be eligible to 
earn an annual bonus award (an “Annual Bonus”) based on the achievement of 
performance objectives and targets (including the level of


------------------------------------------------------------------------


achievement required for Executive to earn the threshold, target and high 
performance objectives) adopted by the Board within the first three months 
of each fiscal year during the Employment Term. During each fiscal year, 
the minimum bonus payable to Executive if the threshold performance 
objectives and targets are achieved will be 45% of Executive’s Base Salary, 
the target bonus will be 60% of Executive’s Base Salary (the “Annual Target 
Bonus”) if target performance objectives and targets are achieved and the 
maximum bonus payable to Executive will be 85% of Base Salary if high 
performance objectives and targets are achieved. The Annual Bonus, if any, 
shall be paid to Executive within two and one-half months after the end of 
the applicable fiscal year. Except as provided in Section 5, no Annual 
Bonus shall be payable in respect of any fiscal year in which Executive’s 
employment is terminated.

4.Benefits.
  
(a)General. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to 
participate in the Company’s employee benefit, fringe and perquisite plans, 
practices, policies and arrangements as in effect from time to time 
(collectively, “Employee Benefits”), on generally the same terms and 
conditions as each of the Employee Benefits are made available to other 
senior executives of the Company (other than with respect to annual 
bonuses, incentive plans and severance plans (as well as any other terms 
and conditions specifically determined under this Agreement), the benefits 
for each which shall be determined instead in accordance with this 
Agreement).

(b)Reimbursement of Business Expenses. During the Employment Term, the 
Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary business 
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive’s duties 
hereunder in accordance with its then prevailing policy for senior 
executives (which shall include appropriate itemization and substantiation 
of expenses incurred).

5.Termination.
  
(a)The Employment Term and Executive’s employment hereunder may be 
terminated by either party at any time and for any reason; provided that 
Executive will be required to give the Company at least 60 days advance 
written notice of any resignation of Executive’s employment (other than as 
a result of a Constructive Termination). Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 5 shall 
exclusively govern Executive’s rights upon termination of employment with 
the Company and its affiliates.

(b)By the Company For Cause or By Executive Other Than as a Result of a 
Constructive Termination.

      (i)The Employment Term and Executive’s employment hereunder may be
      terminated by the Company for Cause and shall terminate automatically
      upon the effective date of Executive’s resignation other than as a
      result of a Constructive Termination (as defined in Section 5(d)(i)).

      (ii)Definition of Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause”
      shall mean (A) Executive’s repeated and willful refusal to undertake
      good faith efforts to substantially perform Executive’s duties
      hereunder (other than as a result of total or partial incapacity due
      to physical or mental illness or injury); (B) in connection with his
      employment, Executive engages in conduct that constitutes willful
      gross neglect or willful gross misconduct or any willful act or
      omission which is injurious in a non-de minimis manner to the
      financial condition or business reputation of the Company and its
      subsidiaries (taken as a whole); (C) an act or acts on Executive’s
      part constituting (x) a felony under the laws of the United States or
      any state thereof or (y) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or
      (D) Executive’s willful breach of any material provision of Section 7
      of this Agreement, any breach of Section 6 of this Agreement or any
      breach of the representations in Section 9(l) of this Agreement. Any
      act or failure to act based upon express direction given pursuant to
      a resolution of the Board or upon the express instructions of the
      Chairman of the Board (provided that Executive was not the Chairman
      of the Board at the applicable time) shall be conclusively presumed
      to be done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and in
      the best interests of the Company. Under no circumstances shall poor
      performance of Executive or the Company be deemed to constitute
      “Cause.”

      (iii)If Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company for
      Cause, Executive shall be entitled to receive:

            (A)no later than 10 days following the date of termination, the
            Base Salary through the date of termination;

            (B)any Annual Bonus earned, but unpaid, as of the date of
            termination for the immediately preceding fiscal year, paid in
            accordance with Section 3(b) (except to the extent payment is


------------------------------------------------------------------------


            otherwise deferred pursuant to any applicable deferred
            compensation arrangement with the Company, in which case such
            payment shall be made in accordance with the terms and
            conditions of such deferred compensation arrangement);

            (C)reimbursement, within 60 days following receipt by the
            Company of Executive’s claim for such reimbursement (including
            appropriate supporting documentation), for any unreimbursed
            business expenses properly incurred by Executive in accordance
            with Company policy prior to Executive’s termination; provided
            that such claims for such reimbursement are submitted to the
            Company within 90 days following the date of Executive’s
            termination of employment; and

            (D)such Employee Benefits, if any, as to which Executive may be
            entitled under the tax qualified employee benefit plans of the
            Company, payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of
            such tax qualified employee benefit plans (the amounts
            described in clauses (A) through (D) hereof being referred to
            as the “Accrued Rights”).

Following such termination of Executive’s employment by the Company for 
Cause, except as set forth in this Section 5(b)(iii), Executive shall have 
no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this 
Agreement.


      (iv)If Executive resigns other than as a result of a Constructive
      Termination, Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued
      Rights. Following such resignation by Executive other than as a
      result of a Constructive Termination, except as set forth in this
      Section 5(b)(iv), Executive shall have no further rights to any
      compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(c)Disability or Death.

      (i)Disability. During any period that Executive fails to perform his
      duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental
      illness or injury (the “Disability Period”), Executive shall continue
      to receive his full Base Salary set forth in Section 3(a) until his
      employment is terminated pursuant to Section 5(a). For purposes of
      this Agreement, “Disability” shall mean Executive’s inability to
      perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, Executive’s duties
      under this Agreement due to a physical or mental illness or injury
      for a period of six consecutive months or for an aggregate of 12
      months in any consecutive 24-month period. Any question as to the
      existence of the Disability of Executive as to which Executive and
      the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a
      qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to Executive and
      the Company. If Executive and the Company cannot agree as to a
      qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician
      and those two physicians shall select a third physician who shall
      make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability
      made in writing to the Company and Executive shall be final and
      conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

      (ii)Upon termination of Executive’s employment hereunder for either
      Disability or death, where such Disability or death occurs in
      connection with the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder (such
      Disability or death, a “Business Related Disability or Death”),
      Executive or Executive’s estate, survivors or beneficiaries (as the
      case may be) shall be entitled to receive:

            (A)the Accrued Rights;

            (B)no later than 10 days following the date of termination, a
            pro rata portion of the Annual Target Bonus, based on a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during
            the fiscal year up to and including the date of termination of
            Executive’s employment and the denominator of which is the
            number of days in such fiscal year (the “Pro-Rated Bonus”); and

            (C)death or disability benefits under any applicable plans and
            programs of the Company in accordance with the terms and
            provisions of such plans and programs.

      (iii)Upon termination of Executive’s employment hereunder for either
      Disability or death, other than for a Business Related Disability or
      Death, Executive or Executive’s estate, survivors or beneficiaries
      (as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive:

            (A)the Accrued Rights;



------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (B)no later than 10 days following the date of termination, the
            Pro-Rated Bonus; and

            (C)death or disability benefits under any applicable plans and
            programs of the Company in accordance with the terms and
            provisions of such plans and programs.

(d)By the Company Without Cause or Resignation by Executive as a Result of 
Constructive Termination.

      (i)a “Constructive Termination” shall be deemed to have occurred upon
      (A) a material reduction in Executive’s Base Salary or Annual Target
      Bonus opportunity (as a percentage of Base Salary), or the failure of
      the Company to pay or cause to be paid Executive’s Base Salary or
      Annual Bonus when due hereunder; (B) a material diminution in
      Executive’s authority or responsibilities from those described in
      Section 2 hereof; (C) the relocation of Executive’s primary office
      location to a location that is more than fifty (50) miles from the
      Executive’s primary office location as of the Effective Date; (D) the
      Company’s failure to pay or provide any material Employee Benefits
      required to be provided to Executive under this Agreement; (E) the
      issuance of a Notice of Non-Renewal by the Company to Executive
      pursuant to Section 1 of this Agreement; or (F) the Company’s failure
      to assign (by contract or by law) this Agreement to any Successor as
      required by Section 9(h) of this Agreement; provided that none of the
      events described in this Section 5(d)(i) shall constitute
      Constructive Termination unless the Company fails to cure such event
      within 30 days after receipt from Executive of written notice of the
      event which constitutes Constructive Termination; provided, further,
      that “Constructive Termination” shall cease to exist for an event on
      the 90th day following the later of its occurrence or Executive’s
      knowledge thereof, unless Executive has given the Board written
      notice thereof prior to such date.

      (ii)If Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company without
      cause (other than by reason of death or Disability) or Executive
      resigns as a result of a Constructive Termination, Executive shall be
      entitled to receive:

            (A)the Accrued Rights;

            (B)the Pro-Rated Bonus;

            (C)continuation of medical, vision and dental group insurance
            coverage (as applicable), contingent on Executive electing
            continuation coverage under COBRA (including dependent
            coverage) for twelve (12) months (the “Continuation Period”)
            following the date of termination, with the Company reimbursing
            Executive on an after tax basis during the Continuation Period
            for the total amount of the monthly COBRA premiums payable by
            the Executive for such continued benefits in excess of the cost
            the Executive paid for such coverage (on a monthly premium
            basis) immediately prior to the date of termination; and

            (D)subject to Executive’s continued compliance with Section 6
            and material compliance with Section 7 hereof, a lump-sum cash
            payment equal to the sum of (x) 200% of Executive’s Base Salary
            as of the date immediately prior to Executive’s termination of
            employment and (y) the sum of Executive’s Annual Bonuses
            payable (if any) in respect of the two fiscal years immediately
            prior to the date of Executive’s termination of employment

Such payment shall be paid to Executive on the 90th day immediately 
following the date of Executive’s termination of employment.


(e)Release. Amounts payable to Executive under Sections 5(c)(ii)(B), 
5(c)(iii)(B), 5(d)(ii)(B), 5(d)(ii)(C) and/or 5(d)(ii)(D) (collectively, 
the “Conditioned Benefits”) are subject to (i) Executive’s execution and 
non-revocation of a release of claims, substantially in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit I (the “Release”), within 55 days of the date of 
termination and (ii) the expiration of any revocation period contained in 
such Release. Further, to the extent that any of the Conditioned Benefits 
constitutes “nonqualified deferred compensation” for purposes of Section 
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any 
payment of any amount or provision of any benefit otherwise scheduled to 
occur prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of Executive’s 
termination of employment hereunder, but for the condition on executing the 
Release as set forth herein, shall not be made until the first regularly 
scheduled payroll date following such sixtieth (60th) day, after which any 
remaining Conditioned Benefits shall thereafter be provided to the 
Executive according to the applicable schedule set forth herein.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


(f)Expiration of Employment Term. Unless the parties otherwise agree in 
writing, continuation of Executive’s employment with the Company beyond the 
expiration of the Employment Term shall be deemed an employment at-will and 
shall not be deemed to extend any of the provisions of this Agreement and 
Executive’s employment may thereafter be terminated at will by either 
Executive or the Company; provided that the provisions of Sections 6, 7 and 
8 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or 
Executive’s termination of employment hereunder.

(g)Notice of Termination; Board/Committee Resignation. Any purported 
termination of employment by the Company or by Executive (other than due to 
Executive’s death) pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement shall be 
communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. 
For purposes of this Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” shall mean a 
notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this 
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts 
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of employment 
under the provision so indicated. Upon termination of Executive’s 
employment for any reason, Executive agrees to resign, as of the date of 
such termination and to the extent applicable, from the Board (and any 
committees thereof) and the Board of Directors (and any committees thereof) 
of any of the Company’s affiliates.

6.Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation. Executive acknowledges and recognizes 
the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Company and its 
affiliates and accordingly agrees as follows:

(a)Non-Competition.

      (i)During the Employment Term and, for a period of two years
      following the date Executive ceases to be employed by the Company
      (the “Restricted Period”), Executive will not, whether on Executive’s
      own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any person, firm,
      partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or other
      business organization, entity or enterprise whatsoever (“Person”),
      directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control, consult with,
      be employed by or otherwise provide services to, or participate in
      the ownership, management, operation or control of, any person or
      entity involved in the Business (as defined herein) within 25 miles
      of any location where the Company and its subsidiaries and, to the
      extent engaged materially in the Business, their respective
      affiliates (including The Blackstone Group L.P. and its affiliates)
      (collectively, the “Restricted Group”) engages in the Business. For
      purposes of this Agreement, “Business” shall mean the business of
      owning and operating retail shopping centers.

      (ii)Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive’s ownership solely as an
      investor of two percent (2%) or less of the outstanding securities of
      any class of any publicly-traded securities of any company shall not,
      by itself, be considered to be competition with the Company or any of
      its subsidiaries.

      (iii)The period of time during which the provisions of this Section
      6(a) shall be in effect shall be extended by the length of time
      during which Executive is in breach of the terms hereof as determined
      by any court of competent jurisdiction on the Company’s application
      for injunctive relief.

(b)Non-Solicitation. During the Employment Term and the Restricted Period, 
Executive will not, whether on Executive’s own behalf or on behalf of or in 
conjunction with any Person:

      (i)solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or its
      subsidiaries to leave the employment of the Company or its
      subsidiaries, or hire any such employee who was engaged in the
      Business and employed by the Restricted Group as of the date of
      Executive’s termination of employment with the Company or who left
      such employment of the Restricted Group coincident with, or within
      one year prior to, the date of Executive’s termination of employment
      with the Company; or

      (ii)intentionally encourage any material consultant engaged in the
      Business and retained by the Restricted Group to cease working with
      the Restricted Group.

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the provisions of Section 6(a) 
shall expire at the end of the Employment Term if (i) at the end of the 
Employment Term, the Blackstone Group, L.P. and its affiliates no longer 
beneficially own any equity interest in the Company or (ii) Executive’s 
employment is terminated by the Company for Cause.

(d)It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive and the 
Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 6 to be 
reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of 
competent jurisdiction that any restriction contained in this Section 6 is 
an unenforceable restriction against Executive, the provisions of this 
Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply 
with such deletion or modification as such


------------------------------------------------------------------------


court may judicially determine or indicate to make the Agreement valid and 
enforceable. The restrictions contained in this Section 6 shall be 
construed as separate and individual restrictions and shall each be capable 
of being reduced in application or severed without prejudice to the other 
restrictions contained in this Section 6 or to the remaining provisions of 
this Agreement.

(e)Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the 
restrictions contained in this Section 6 shall be immediately void and 
unenforceable upon any failure by the Company to pay the amounts specified 
in Section 5(d)(ii) (if applicable) when due under this Agreement (unless 
such amounts are paid in full within 5 days after written notice by 
Executive to the Company specifying such failure to pay).

7.Confidentiality; Intellectual Property.

(a)Confidentiality.
        
      (i)Executive will not at any time (whether during or after
      Executive’s employment with the Company), disclose, divulge, reveal,
      communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any Confidential
      Information that he may obtain during his employment by the Company
      to any other Person, except (A) in connection with performing his
      duties for the Company or its subsidiaries, (B) to the Company or its
      subsidiaries, or to any authorized (or apparently authorized) agent
      or representative of any of them, (C) when required to do so by law
      or regulation or by a court, governmental agency, legislative body,
      arbitrator or other person with apparent jurisdiction to order him to
      communicate, divulge or make accessible any such confidential
      information, (D) in the course of any proceeding under Section 9(d)
      of this Agreement or to defend the Executive’s rights, or (E) in
      confidence to any attorney or other professional advisor for the
      purposes of securing professional advice. For purposes of this
      Agreement, “Confidential Information” shall mean any proprietary or
      confidential information of the Company and its subsidiaries, and
      includes, without limitation, trade secrets, know-how, research and
      development, software, databases, inventions, processes, formulae,
      technology, designs and other intellectual property, information
      concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, products,
      services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors,
      personnel, compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales,
      marketing, promotions, government and regulatory activities and
      approvals; provided, however, that the term Confidential Information
      shall not include any document, record, data, compilation or other
      information that is known or generally available to the public, or
      within any trade or industry of the Company or any of its affiliates,
      other than as a result of Executive’s violation of this Section 7, or
      not otherwise considered confidential by persons within such trade or
      industry.

      (ii)Except as required by law, Executive will not disclose to anyone,
      other than Executive’s family (it being understood that, in this
      Agreement, the term “family” refers to Executive, Executive’s spouse,
      minor children, parents and spouse’s parents) and legal, financial or
      other professional advisors, the existence or contents of this
      Agreement; provided that Executive may disclose to any prospective
      future employer the provisions of Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement;
      provided they agree to maintain the confidentiality of such terms.
      This Section 7(a)(ii) shall terminate if the Company publicly
      discloses a copy of this Agreement (or, if the Company publicly
      discloses summaries or excerpts of this Agreement, to the extent so
      disclosed).

      (iii)Upon termination of Executive’s employment with the Company for
      any reason, Executive shall (A) cease and not thereafter commence use
      of any Confidential Information or intellectual property (including
      without limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret,
      trademark, trade name, logo, domain name or other source indicator)
      owned or used by the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates; and (B)
      immediately destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the
      Company’s option, all originals and copies in any form or medium
      (including memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters
      and other data) in Executive’s possession or control (including any
      of the foregoing stored or located in Executive’s office, home,
      laptop or other computer, whether or not Company property) that
      contain Confidential Information or otherwise relate to the Business
      of the Company and its subsidiaries, except that Executive may retain
      only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks and diaries that
      do not contain any Confidential Information.

(b)Intellectual Property.

      (i)If Executive creates, invents, designs, develops, contributes to
      or improves any works of authorship, inventions, intellectual
      property, materials, documents or other work product (including
      without limitation, research, reports, software, databases, systems,
      applications, presentations, textual works, content, or audiovisual
      materials) (“Works”), either alone or with third parties, at any time
      during Executive’s employment by the Company and within the scope of
      such employment and with the use of any the Company resources
      (“Company Works”), Executive shall promptly and fully disclose same
      to the Company and hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      conveys, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all
      rights and intellectual property rights therein (including rights
      under patent, industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade
      secret, unfair competition and related laws) to the Company to the
      extent ownership of any such rights does not vest originally in the
      Company.

      (ii)Executive shall take all requested actions and execute all
      requested documents (including any licenses or assignments required
      by a government contract) at the Company’s expense (but without
      further remuneration) to assist the Company in validating,
      maintaining, protecting, enforcing, perfecting, recording, patenting
      or registering any of the Company’s rights in the Company Works.

      (iii)Executive shall not improperly use for the benefit of, bring to
      any premises of, divulge, disclose, communicate, reveal, transfer or
      provide access to, or share with the Company any confidential,
      proprietary or non-public information or intellectual property
      relating to a former employer or other third party without the prior
      written permission of such third party. Executive shall comply with
      all relevant policies and guidelines of the Company that are from
      time to time previously disclosed to Executive, including regarding
      the protection of Confidential Information and intellectual property
      and potential conflicts of interest.

      (iv)The provisions of Section 7 hereof shall survive the termination
      of Executive’s employment for any reason (except as otherwise set
      forth in Section 7(a)(ii) hereof).

8.Specific Performance. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the 
Company’s remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of the 
provisions of Section 6 and Section 7 of this Agreement would be inadequate 
and the Company would suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach 
or threatened breach. In recognition of this fact, Executive agrees that, 
in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any 
remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, shall be entitled, 
in addition to any other remedy available at law or equity, to cease making 
any payments or providing any benefit otherwise required by this Agreement 
and obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary 
restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction or any other equitable 
remedy which may then be available. In addition, upon any breach of Section 
6 or any material breach of Section 7 of this Agreement, Executive shall 
promptly return to the Company upon request all cash payments made to 
Executive pursuant to Section 5 (if any), less any amounts paid by 
Executive as taxes in respect of such payments (unless such taxes are 
actually recovered by Executive from the relevant governmental authority, 
in which case such tax amounts also shall be returned to the Company). Any 
determination under Section 5(d)(ii)(G) or this Section 8 of whether the 
Executive is in compliance with Section 6 hereof and material compliance 
with Section 7 hereof shall be determined based solely on the contractual 
provisions provided therein and the facts and circumstances of Executive's 
actions without regard to whether the Company could obtain an injunction or 
other relief under the law of any particular jurisdiction.

      9.Miscellaneous.

 (a) Mutual Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees not to make, or cause any
 other person to make, any communication that is intended to criticize or
 disparage, or has the effect of criticizing or disparaging, the Company or
 any of its affiliates, agents or advisors (or any of its or their
 respective employees, officers or directors (it being understood that
 comments made in the Executive’s good faith performance of his duties
 hereunder shall not be deemed disparaging or defamatory for purposes of
 this Agreement). The Company shall instruct its executive officers and
 directors to refrain from intentionally making any public communication
 outside the ordinary course of such person’s business that is intended to
 criticize or disparage, or has the effect of criticizing or disparaging,
 Executive. Nothing set forth herein shall be interpreted to prohibit
 either party from responding truthfully to incorrect public statements,
 making truthful statements when required by law, subpoena or court order
 and/or from responding to any inquiry by any regulatory or investigatory
 organization.

(b) Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance. The Company shall 
indemnify and hold Executive harmless for all acts and omissions occurring 
during his employment with the Company or service as a member of the Board 
to the extent provided under the Company’s charter, by-laws and applicable 
law, and shall promptly advance to Executive or Executive’s heirs or 
representatives all damages, costs, liabilities, losses and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) (collectively, 
“Expenses”) as a result of any claim, demand, request, investigation, 
dispute, controversy, threat, discovery request or request for testimony or 
information (collectively, a “Claim”) or any proceeding (whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative), or any threatened Claim or 
proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative), 
against Executive that arises out of or relates to Executive’s service as 
an officer, director or employee, as the case may be, of the Company, or 
the Executive’s service in any such capacity or similar capacity with an 
affiliate of the Company or other entity at the request of the Company, 
upon receipt by the Company of a written request with appropriate 
documentation of such Expenses, and an undertaking by Executive to repay 
the amount advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Executive is 
not entitled to be indemnified by the Company against such Expenses. During 
the


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Employment Term and for a term of six years thereafter, the Company, or any 
successor to the Company, shall purchase and maintain, at its own expense, 
directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage for Executive 
in the same amount as for members of the Board.

(c) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to 
conflicts of laws principles thereof.

(d) Jurisdiction; Venue. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8 in 
connection with equitable remedies, each of the parties hereto hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal court 
sitting in the Southern District of New York or any state court in the 
First Judicial Department over any suit, action or proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement and each of the parties agrees that any 
action relating in any way to this Agreement must be commenced only in the 
courts of the State of New York, federal or state. Each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted or not 
prohibited by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the 
laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such 
a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in 
such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process in any suit, 
action or proceeding by sending the same by certified mail, return receipt 
requested, or by recognized overnight courier service, to the address of 
such party set forth in Section 9(k).

(e) Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement (including, without 
limitation, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto) contains the entire 
understanding of the parties with respect to the employment of Executive by 
the Company, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings 
(including verbal agreements) between Executive and the Company and/or its 
current or former affiliates regarding the terms and conditions of 
Executive’s employment with the Company and/or its current or former 
affiliates. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, warranties, 
covenants or undertakings between the parties with respect to the subject 
matter herein other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement 
(including, without limitation, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto) 
may not be altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument 
signed by the parties hereto.

(f) No Waiver. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to 
any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver 
of such party’s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to 
insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this 
Agreement.

(g) Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of 
this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
pro-visions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

(h) Assignment. This Agreement, and all of Executive’s rights and duties 
hereunder, shall not be assignable or delegable by Executive. Any purported 
assignment or delegation by Executive in violation of the foregoing shall 
be null and void ab initio and of no force and effect. This Agreement shall 
be assigned by the Company to a person or entity which is a successor in 
interest (“Successor”) to substantially all of the business operations of 
the Company. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the 
Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such affiliate 
or successor person or entity.

(i) Set Off; No Mitigation. The Company’s obligation to pay Executive the 
amounts provided and to make the arrangements provided hereunder shall be 
subject to set‑off, counterclaim or recoupment of amounts owed by Executive 
to the Company or its affiliates, except to the extent such set-off would 
result in a violation of Section 409A of the Code (as defined below). 
Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment 
provided for pursuant to this Agreement by seeking other employment, and 
such payments shall not be reduced by any compensation or benefits received 
from any subsequent employer or other endeavor. Any amounts due under 
Section 5 of this Agreement are considered reasonable by the Company and 
are not in the nature of a penalty.

(j) Compliance with Code Section 409A.

      (i)The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this
      Agreement comply with or be exempt from Code Section 409A and,
      accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be
      interpreted to be in compliance therewith.  If any provision of this
      Agreement (or of any award of compensation, including equity
      compensation or benefits) would cause Executive to incur any
      additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A, the Company
      shall, after consulting with and receiving the approval of Executive,
      reform such provision in a manner intended to avoid the incurrence by
      Executive of any such additional tax or interest.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (ii)A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred
      for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the
      payment of any amounts or benefits that are considered nonqualified
      deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a
      termination of employment unless such termination is also a
      “separation from service” within the meaning of Code Section 409A,
      and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references
      to a “termination,” “termination of employment” or like terms shall
      mean “separation from service.” The determination of whether and when
      a separation from service has occurred for proposes of this Agreement
      shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in
      Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations.

      (iii)Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
      if at the time of Executive’s separation from service, the Company
      determines that Executive is a “specified employee,” within the
      meaning of Code Section 409A, then to the extent any payment or
      benefit that Executive becomes entitled to under this Agreement on
      account of such separation from service would be considered
      nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, such
      payment or benefit shall be paid or provided at the date which is the
      earlier of (i) six (6) months and one day after such separation from
      service and (ii) the date of Executive’s death (the “Delay Period”).
      Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits
      delayed pursuant to this Section 9(j) (whether they would have
      otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the
      absence of such delay) shall be paid or provided to Executive in a
      lump-sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this
      Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal
      payment dates specified for them herein.

      (iv)Any reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this
      Agreement that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of
      Code Section 409A shall be made or provided in accordance with the
      requirements of Code Section 409A, including that (A) in no event
      shall any fees, expenses or other amounts eligible to be reimbursed
      by the Company under this Agreement be paid later than the last day
      of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the
      applicable fees, expenses or other amounts were incurred; (B) the
      amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits
      that the Company is obligated to pay or provide, in any given
      calendar year shall not affect the expenses that the Company is
      obligated to reimburse, or the in-kind benefits that the Company is
      obligated to pay or provide, in any other calendar year, provided
      that the foregoing clause (B) shall not be violated with regard to
      expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b)
      of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit
      related to the period the arrangement is in effect; (C) Executive’s
      right to have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and
      in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other
      benefit; and (D) in no event shall the Company’s obligations to make
      such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits apply later
      than Executive’s remaining lifetime (or if longer, through the sixth
      (6th) anniversary of the Effective Date).

      (v)For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive’s right to receive
      any installment payments shall be treated as a right to receive a
      series of separate and distinct payments.  Whenever a payment under
      this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number
      of days (for example, “payment shall be made within thirty (30) days
      following the date of termination”), the actual date of payment
      within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of
      the Company. In no event may Executive, directly or indirectly,
      designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this
      Agreement, to the extent such payment is subject to Code Section
      409A.

(k) Notice. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or overnight 
courier or three days after it has been mailed by United States registered 
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the 
respective addresses set forth below in this Agreement, or to such other 
address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in 
accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be 
effective only upon receipt.

            If to the Company:


            Brixmor Property Group, Inc.
            420 Lexington Avenue
            New York, New York 10170
            Attention: General Counsel

            If to Executive:

            To the most recent address of Executive set forth in the
            personnel records of the Company.




------------------------------------------------------------------------


(l) Executive Representation. Executive hereby represents to the Company 
that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the 
Company and the performance by Executive of Executive’s duties hereunder 
shall not constitute a breach of the terms of any employment agreement or 
other agreement or written policy to which Executive is a party or 
otherwise bound. Executive hereby further represents that he is not subject 
to any restrictions on his ability to solicit, hire or engage any employee 
or other service-provider. Executive agrees that the Company is relying on 
the foregoing representations in entering into this Agreement.

(m) Withholding Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable 
under this Agreement such Federal, state and local taxes as may be required 
to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

(n) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures 
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
















































------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first above written.

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
 
/s/ Michael Carroll
By: Michael Carroll
Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
EXECUTIVE
 
/s/ Brian Finnegan
Brian Finnegan
 












































------------------------------------------------------------------------



Exhibit I


RELEASE AND WAIVER OF CLAIMS


This Release and Waiver of Claims (“Release”) is entered into and delivered 
to Brixmor Property Group, Inc. (the “Company”) as of this [•] day of 
_________, 201[_], by Steven Siegel (the “Executive”). The Executive agrees 
as follows:


1.The employment relationship between the Executive and the Company and its 
subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, terminated on the [•] day of 
_______, 201[_] (the “Termination Date”) pursuant to Section [__] of the 
Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive dated July __, 2011 
(“Employment Agreement”).

2.In consideration of the payments, rights and benefits provided for in 
Sections 5(c)(ii)(B), 5(c)(iii)(B), 5(d)(ii)(B), 5(d)(ii)(C) and/or 
5(d)(ii)(D) of the Employment Agreement (collectively, as applicable, the “
Separation Terms”) and this Release, the sufficiency of which the Executive 
hereby acknowledges, the Executive, on behalf of himself and his agents, 
representatives, attorneys, administrators, heirs, executors and assigns 
(collectively, the “Employee Releasing Parties”), hereby releases and 
forever discharges the Company Released Parties (as defined below), from 
all claims, charges, causes of action, obligations, expenses, damages of 
any kind (including attorneys fees and costs actually incurred) or demands, 
in law or in equity, whether known or unknown, which may have existed or 
which may now exist from the beginning of time to the date of this Release, 
arising from or relating to Executive’s employment or termination from 
employment with the Company or otherwise, including a release of any rights 
or claims the Executive may have under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment 
Act of 1967, as amended (“ADEA”); the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; 
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Rehabilitation Act of 
1973; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; Section 1981 of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1866; Section 1985(3) of the Civil Rights Act of 1871; the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Fair Labor Standards 
Act; any other federal, state or local laws against discrimination; or any 
other federal, state, or local statute, regulation or common law relating 
to employment, wages, hours, or any other terms and conditions of 
employment. This includes a release by the Executive of any and all claims 
or rights arising under contract (whether written or oral, express or 
implied), covenant, public policy, tort or otherwise. For purposes hereof, 
“Company Released Parties” shall mean the Company and any of its past or 
present employees, agents, insurers, attorneys, administrators, officials, 
directors, shareholders, divisions, parents, members, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, predecessors, successors, employee benefit plans, and the 
sponsors, fiduciaries, or administrators of the Company’s employee benefit 
plans.

3.The Executive acknowledges that the Executive is waiving and releasing 
rights that the Executive may have under the ADEA and other federal, state 
and local statutes contract and the common law and that this Release is 
knowing and voluntary. The Executive and the Company agree that this 
Release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the 
date of execution by Executive of this Release. The Executive acknowledges 
that the consideration given for this Release is in addition to anything of 
value to which the Executive is already entitled. The Executive further 
acknowledges that the Executive has been advised by this writing that: (i) 
the Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this 
Release; (ii) the Executive has up to twenty-one (21) days within which to 
consider this Release, although the Executive may, at the Executive’s 
discretion, sign and return this Release at an earlier time, in which case 
the Executive waives all rights to the balance of this twenty-one (21) day 
review period; and (iii) for a period of 7 days following the execution of 
this Release in duplicate originals, the Executive may revoke this Release 
in a writing delivered to the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, and this Release shall not become effective or enforceable until 
the revocation period has expired.
 
4.This Release does not release the Company Released Parties from (i) any 
obligations due to the Executive under the Separation Terms, (ii) any 
rights Executive has to indemnification by the Company and to directors and 
officers liability insurance coverage, (iii) any vested rights the 
Executive has under the Company’s employee pension benefit and group 
healthcare benefit plans as a result of Executive’s actual service with the 
Company, or (iv) any fully vested and nonforfeitable rights of the 
Executive as a shareholder of the Company or its affiliates.

5.The Executive represents and warrants that he has not filed any action, 
complaint, charge, grievance, arbitration or similar proceeding against the 
Company Released Parties.

6.This Release is not an admission by the Company Released Parties or the 
Employee Releasing Parties of any wrongdoing, liability or violation of 
law.

7.The Executive shall continue to be bound by the restrictive covenants 
contained in the Employment Agreement.


------------------------------------------------------------------------



8.This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York, without reference to the principles of 
conflict of laws.

9.Each of the sections contained in this Release shall be enforceable 
independently of every other section in this Release, and the invalidity or 
unenforceability of any section shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable any other section contained in this Release.

10.The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has carefully read and 
understands this Release, that the Executive has the right to consult an 
attorney with respect to its provisions and that this Release has been 
entered into knowingly and voluntarily. The Executive acknowledges that no 
representation, statement, promise, inducement, threat or suggestion has 
been made by any of the Company Released Parties to influence the Executive 
to sign this Release except such statements as are expressly set forth 
herein or in the Employment Agreement.



























------------------------------------------------------------------------





   Executive has executed this Release as of the day and year first written
   above.



EXECUTIVE




____________________________________
Brian Finnegan



