 EX-10.2 4 ren-ex102_7.htm EX-10.2
 
Exhibit 10.2
 
Execution Version
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Employment Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made by and between 
Resolute Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and 
Theodore Gazulis (“Employee”) effective as of January 1, 2017 (the “
Effective Date”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Employee as its Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer to provide services to the Company 
and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”); and
 
WHEREAS, Employee desires to be employed by the Company and to commit 
himself to serve the Company on the terms herein provided.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1. Employment. The Company shall employ Employee, and Employee accepts 
continued employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Agreement.  Unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 4 
below, the initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date 
and end on December 31, 2017 (the “Initial Term”), provided, however, that 
the term shall be automatically renewed for successive one-year periods 
(each such period an “Extension Term”) unless the Company provides a 
written notice of non-renewal to Employee more than 60 days before the end 
of the Initial Term or the then-current Extension Term.  The Initial Term 
together with each Extension Term, if any, shall be the “Term.”  If the 
Company gives timely notice of non-renewal, then Employee’s employment 
shall end on the last day of the then-current Term.  A termination of 
Employee’s employment at the end of the Term by reason of notice of 
non-renewal given by the Company shall be considered a termination without 
Cause for purposes of Sections 4, 5 and 6, as applicable.
 
2. Position and Duties; Exclusive Compensation and Services.
 
(a) Employee shall initially hold the title of Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer; provided however that this title may be changed 
from time to time during the Term by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) 
or any duly authorized committee thereof to a different title which shall 
have at least equivalent rank to Employee’s initial title.  The Company and 
Employee agree that Employee shall have duties and responsibilities 
consistent with the assigned position in a company the size and of the 
nature of the Company, and such other duties and authority that are 
assigned to Employee from time to time by the Board or such officer of the 
Company to whom Employee reports as shall be designated by the CEO or the 
Board.  Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or such other 
officer of the Company (with a title of President or above) as shall be 
designated from time to time by the CEO or the Board.  

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b) During the Term, Employee agrees to devote his full business time and 
attention to the business and affairs of the Company.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, so long as such activities do not conflict with the Company’s 
interests, interfere with Employee’s duties and responsibilities or violate 
Employee’s obligations hereunder, Employee will not be prohibited from (i) 
managing his personal, financial, and legal affairs; (ii) engaging in 
professional, charitable or community activities or organizations; or (iii) 
serving on the boards of directors, or advisory boards of directors, of 
not-for-profit charitable organizations, not-for-profit professional 
organizations, or for-profit corporations, so long as Employee secures the 
Board’s express written consent for Employee to serve on any such 
for-profit board positions prior to undertaking such service.  
 
(c) During the Term, Employee agrees to comply with the policies of the 
Company, including without limitation such policies with respect to legal 
compliance, conflicts of interest, confidentiality, compensation recovery 
(clawback), professional conduct and business ethics as are from time to 
time in effect, including but not limited to the Company’s Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics.
 
3. Compensation.
 
(a) Base Salary.  Initially, Employee’s base salary shall be $350,000 per 
annum.  Employee’s base salary may be increased (but not decreased, 
including after any increase, without Employee’s written consent or unless 
pursuant to a decrease broadly applied to all senior vice president level 
or higher employees) by the Board (or the Compensation Committee) in its 
sole discretion (as adjusted from time to time, the “Base Salary”).  The 
Base Salary shall be payable to Employee in regular installments in 
accordance with the Company’s general payroll practices and subject to 
withholdings required by applicable law.
 
(b) Short Term Incentive Compensation. During the Term, as determined by 
the Board (or the Compensation Committee) in its sole discretion, Employee 
shall be eligible to receive an annual short term incentive compensation 
payment (an “STI Payment”) for each calendar year pursuant to the Company’s 
short term incentive plan then in effect (the “STI Plan”).  Pursuant to the 
terms of the STI Plan, each annual STI Payment shall be payable based on 
the achievement of personal and Company performance targets.  Initially, 
Employee’s target STI Payment shall be equal to 100% (the “Target STI 
Percentage”) of Employee’s annual Base Salary (the “Target STI Amount”).  
The Target STI Percentage may be increased (but not decreased below the 
initial Target STI Percentage stated above without Employee’s written 
consent or unless pursuant to a decrease broadly applied to all senior vice 
president level or higher employees) in its sole discretion.  The STI 
Payment shall be subject to increase or decrease based on achievement of 
performance targets and in accordance with the terms of the STI Plan.  For 
each calendar year in the Term, the Board (or the Compensation Committee) 
will determine and will establish in writing (i) the Target STI Amount, 
(ii) the applicable performance targets, (iii) the percentage of annual 
Base Salary payable to Employee if some lesser or greater percentage of the 
annual performance target is achieved, and (iv) such other applicable terms 
and conditions of the STI Plan necessary to satisfy the requirements of 
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code
”).

2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(c) Long Term Incentive Compensation.  During the Term, as determined by 
the Board (or the Compensation Committee) in its sole discretion, Employee 
shall be eligible to receive annual grants of equity, equity-related or 
other long-term awards (including long-term cash awards) (an “LTI Grant”) 
pursuant to the Company’s 2009 Performance Incentive Plan or any other 
long-term incentive plan(s) in effect from time to time, subject to the 
terms and conditions thereof.  Initially, Employee’s target LTI Grant shall 
have a value (as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion) 
equal to 375% (“Target LTI Percentage”) of Employee’s annual Base Salary 
(the “Target LTI Amount”).  The Target LTI Amount may be increased (but not 
decreased below the initial Target LTI Percentage stated above without 
Employee’s written consent or unless pursuant to a decrease broadly applied 
to all senior vice president level or higher employees) by the Board (or 
the Compensation Committee) in its sole discretion.  Any LTI Grants 
previously awarded to Employee pursuant to the Company’s 2009 Performance 
Incentive Plan that are outstanding on the Effective Date hereof shall 
continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of such plan and award 
agreements, subject to any vesting modifications made herein.  
 
(d) Employee Benefits.  During the Term, Employee will be entitled to 
receive such welfare benefits and other fringe benefits (including, but not 
limited to vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, 401(k) and other 
employee benefits and perquisites) as the Company offers from time to time 
to similarly situated executive level employees, subject to applicable 
eligibility requirements.  The Company shall not, however, by reason of 
this Section 3(d), be obligated to refrain from changing, amending, or 
discontinuing any such benefit plan or program, on a prospective basis, so 
long as any such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated 
employees of the Company.
 
(e) Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all 
reasonable expenses incurred by him in the course of performing his duties 
during the Term to the extent consistent with the Company’s written 
policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment 
and other business expenses and subject to the Company’s requirements with 
respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses (“Business Expenses
”).
 
(f) Leave of Absence Due to Disability.  Employee shall be entitled to a 
paid leave of absence of up to 180 days in the event of Disability where 
there is a reasonable expectation that the Employee will return to his 
duties with Employer, provided that the Company may offset the payment of 
Employee’s Base Salary then in effect by the amount of any short-term or 
long-term Company-paid disability benefits Employee receives pursuant to 
Section 3(d) above.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Disability” means 
Employee’s inability to perform the duties of Employee’s position, with or 
without reasonable accommodation, due to a physical or mental impairment 
that is expected to last for more than 30 days.  The existence of any such 
Disability shall be certified by a physician acceptable to both the Company 
and Employee.  If the parties are not able to agree on the choice of a 
physician, each party shall select a physician who, in turn, shall select a 
third physician to render such certification.
 

3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4. Termination of Employment.   Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by 
the Company and Employee, Employee’s employment hereunder may be terminated 
under the following circumstances:
 
(a) Death.  Employee’s employment hereunder shall terminate upon his death.
 
(b) Disability.  Employee’s employment may be terminated by the Company or 
Employee may terminate his employment with the Company, if Employee has 
incurred a Disability; provided, however, that if Employee is on a leave of 
absence due to Disability under Section 3.1(f), the Company may not 
terminate Employee and Employee may not terminate his Employment due to 
Disability pursuant to this Section 4(b) before the 180th consecutive day 
of paid leave due to Disability has elapsed.  No termination of employment 
due to Disability shall have occurred unless the Employer or Employee has 
given the other party at least 30 days written notice pursuant to Section 
5(f).
 
(c) Termination by the Company. The Company may terminate Employee’s 
employment with or without Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term 
“Cause” means (i) Employee’s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo 
contendere to, any felony or to any crime or offense causing substantial 
harm to the Company or its affiliates or involving acts of theft, fraud, 
embezzlement, moral turpitude or similar conduct; (ii) Employee’s repeated 
intoxication by alcohol or drugs during the performance of Employee’s 
duties in a manner that materially and adversely affects Employee’s 
performance of such duties; (iii) malfeasance in the conduct of Employee’s 
duties, including, but not limited to, (A) willful and intentional misuse 
or diversion of funds or assets of the Company or its affiliates, (B) 
embezzlement, or (C) fraudulent or willful and material misrepresentations 
or concealments on any written reports submitted to the Company or its 
affiliates; (iv) Employee’s material violation of any provision of a 
material written agreement between Employee and the Company that causes 
harm to the Company and remains uncured for a period of 60 days after 
notice thereof; or (v) Employee’s material failure to perform the duties of 
Employee’s employment or material failure to follow or comply with the 
reasonable and lawful written directives of the Board that causes harm to 
the Company, in either case after Employee shall have been informed, in 
writing, of such material failure and given a period of not less than 60 
days to remedy same.  Prior to any termination for Cause, the Company shall 
be entitled to suspend Employee with pay and terminate all access to the 
premises and databases of the Company during any investigation of any of 
the circumstances described above.
 
(d) Termination by Employee. Employee may, upon giving the Company no less 
than 30 days’ advance written notice, resign and terminate Employee’s 
employment without Good Reason or for Good Reason (as defined in Section 
6(e) below).  The Company may in its sole discretion, elect to waive all or 
any part of the 30-day notice period.
 
5. Compensation Upon Termination in Absence of Change in Control.
 
(a) Without Cause or For Good Reason.  In the event Employee’s employment 
is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason 
(but in the absence of a Change in Control which shall be governed under 
Section 6), the Company shall pay to

4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Employee (i) any unpaid portion of the Base Salary through the Termination 
Date at the rate then in effect, (ii) any earned but yet unpaid STI Payment 
for the calendar year prior to the Termination Date, (iii) any unreimbursed 
Business Expenses through the Termination Date, and (iv) such employee 
benefits, if any, as to which Employee may be entitled pursuant to the 
terms governing such benefits.  The amounts, if any, set forth in (i), 
(ii), (iii), and (iv) shall be collectively referred to herein as the “
Accrued Payments”.  In addition, and contingent upon Employee satisfying 
the Severance Conditions (as defined below), the Company shall also provide 
the following payments and other benefits (the “Severance Package”):
 
(i) Payment of an amount equal to twenty-four (24) months of Employee’s 
Base Salary as of the Termination Date (or, if Employee’s termination is 
due to the Good Reason event described in clause (i) of the first sentence 
in Section 6(e), as of the date immediately preceding the date of the 
reduction constituting Good Reason), payable in substantially equal monthly 
installments over a period of twenty-four (24) months beginning on the 
first payroll date which occurs in the first month following the 
Termination Date; plus
 
(ii) Payment of an amount equal to 2.0 times the Target STI Amount, 
calculated based on Employee’s Base Salary in effect on the Termination 
Date (or, if Employee’s termination is due to the Good Reason event 
described in clause (i) of the first sentence in Section 6(e), as of the 
date immediately preceding the date of the reduction constituting Good 
Reason), payable in substantially equal monthly installments over a period 
of twenty-four (24) months beginning on the first payroll date which occurs 
in the first month following the Termination Date; plus
 
(iii) Payment of an amount equal to a pro-rata portion of the Target STI 
Amount multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of 
days during which Employee was employed by the Company in the calendar year 
of Employee’s termination, and the denominator of which is 365 (the “
Pro-Rata Bonus”), payable as soon as administratively feasible following 
preparation of the Company’s audited financial statements for the 
applicable calendar year, but in no event later than March 31 (or earlier 
than January 1) of the calendar year following the calendar year to which 
such STI Payment relates;
 
(iv) Pay or reimburse on a monthly basis the premiums required to continue 
Employee’s (and his spouse’s and dependent children’s) group health care 
coverage for a period of twenty-four (24) months following Employee’s 
Termination Date, provided that Employee or his spouse or dependent 
children, as applicable, elect benefits under Consolidated Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act of 1985 (“COBRA”).  If necessary to avoid inclusion in 
taxable income by Employee of the value of in-kind benefits, or if coverage 
cannot be provided under COBRA or the Company’s health and welfare plans, 
such health care continuation premiums shall be provided in the form of 
taxable payments to Employee, which payments shall be made without regard 
to whether Employee elects to continue and remain eligible for such 
benefits under COBRA, and in which event Company shall pay to Employee, 
with each monthly reimbursement, an additional amount of cash equal to 
A/(1-R)-A, where A is the amount of the

5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
reimbursement for the month, and R is the sum of the maximum federal 
individual income tax rate then applicable to ordinary income and the 
maximum individual Colorado income tax rate then applicable to ordinary 
income; plus
 
(v) All unvested time-based LTI Grants held by Employee shall immediately 
and automatically vest in full and, in the case of options or other 
exercisable LTI Grants, shall remain exercisable for the period of time set 
forth in the applicable award agreement; provided that, in the event a 
time-based LTI Grant is “non-qualified deferred compensation” subject to 
the requirements of Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder (“Section 409A”), such LTI Grant will be paid at the 
same time and in the same form as it would have been paid had Employee 
continued to be employed by the Company, unless the applicable award 
agreement expressly provides for a different time and form of payment; plus
 
(vi) All outstanding performance-based LTI Grants held by Employee shall 
remain outstanding through the end of the respective performance period, 
and may be deemed earned and vested at the end of the respective 
performance period to the extent that the stock price target or other 
performance thresholds applicable to such awards are met on such 
measurement date, as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion; 
provided that, in the event a performance-based LTI Grant is “non-qualified 
deferred compensation” subject to the requirements of Section 409A, such 
LTI Grant will be paid at the same time and in the same form as it would 
have been paid had Employee continued to be employed by the Company, unless 
the applicable award agreement expressly provides for a different time and 
form of payment.  
 
To receive the Severance Package, (i) Employee must execute and return to 
the Company on or prior to the 30th day following the Termination Date a 
waiver and release of claims agreement in the Company’s customary form 
(which may be amended by the Company to reflect changes in applicable laws 
and regulations), provided that the form  shall not include a waiver and 
release of claims by the Employee for indemnification, claims for coverage 
under officer and director policies, and claims as a stockholder of the 
Company (the “Release”), and where contemplated by applicable law, not 
timely revoke such Release, and (ii) must comply in all material respects 
with the covenants in Sections 8 and 10 of this Agreement (together, the “
Severance Conditions”).  No payment of any part of a Severance Package or 
Change in Control Severance Package, or pursuant to Section 5(d), shall be 
made unless the Employee (or Employee’s estate) has complied with the 
Severance Conditions.  If Employee (or Employee’s estate) has complied with 
the Severance Conditions, then any payment that would have become payable 
prior to the execution of the Release and the end of the revocation period 
shall be made at the expiration of the 30 day period.
 
(b) Resignation.  In the event Employee’s employment is terminated by 
Employee other than for Good Reason (but in the absence of a Change in 
Control which shall be governed under Section 6), the Company shall pay to 
Employee the Accrued Payments.  Employee shall not be eligible to receive 
any Pro-Rata Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs.
 

6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) For Cause.  In the event Employee’s employment is terminated by the 
Company for Cause, the Company shall pay to Employee the Accrued Payments; 
provided that, Employee shall not be eligible to receive any STI Payment 
for the calendar year prior to the Termination Date if such “Cause” 
termination is directly and substantially related to the STI Payment. 
Employee shall not be eligible to receive any Pro-Rata Bonus for the year 
in which the Termination Date occurs.
 
(d) Death or Disability.  In the event Employee’s employment terminates by 
reason of his death, or either party terminates Employee’s employment due 
to Disability pursuant to Section 4(b), the Company shall pay to Employee 
the Accrued Payments.  In addition, and contingent upon Employee (or 
Employee’s estate) satisfying the Severance Conditions, the Company shall 
also provide the Employee (or Employee’s estate) the following payments and 
other benefits:
 
(i) Payment of an amount equal to twenty-four (24) months of Employee’s 
Base Salary as of the Termination Date, payable in a lump sum on the 30th 
day following the Termination Date, unless termination is due to a 
Disability that does not constitute a disability under Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A-3(i)(4), in which case payment shall be in substantially 
equal monthly installments over a period of twenty-four (24) months 
beginning on the first payroll date which occurs in the first month 
following the Termination Date; plus
 
(ii) Payment of an amount equal to 2.0 times the Target STI Amount, 
calculated based on Employee’s Base Salary in effect on the Termination 
Date, payable in a lump sum on the 30th day following the Termination Date, 
unless termination is due to a Disability that does not constitute a 
disability under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4), in which case 
payment shall be in substantially equal monthly installments over a period 
of twenty-four (24) months beginning on the first payroll date which occurs 
in the first month following the Termination Date; plus
 
(iii) Payment of a Pro-Rata Bonus for the calendar year of termination, 
payable as soon as administratively feasible following preparation of the 
Company’s audited financial statements for the applicable calendar year, 
but in no event later than March 31 (or earlier than January 1) of the 
calendar year following the calendar year to which such STI Payment 
relates; plus
 
(iv) Payment or reimbursement on a monthly basis of the premiums required 
to continue Employee’s (and his spouse’s and dependent children’s) group 
health care coverage for a period of twenty-four (24) months following 
Employee’s Termination Date, provided that Employee or his spouse or 
dependent children, as applicable, elect benefits under COBRA. If necessary 
to avoid inclusion in taxable income by Employee of the value of in-kind 
benefits, or if coverage cannot be provided under COBRA or the Company’s 
health and welfare plans, such health care continuation premiums shall be 
provided in the form of taxable payments to Employee, which payments shall 
be made without regard to whether Employee elects to continue and remain 
eligible for such benefits under COBRA, and in which event Company shall 
pay to Employee, with each monthly reimbursement, an additional amount of 
cash equal to A/(1-R)-A, where A is the

7
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
amount of the reimbursement for the month, and R is the sum of the maximum 
federal individual income tax rate then applicable to ordinary income and 
the maximum individual Colorado income tax rate then applicable to ordinary 
income; plus
 
(v) All unvested time-based LTI Grants held by Employee shall immediately 
and automatically vest in full and, in the case of options or other 
exercisable LTI Grants, shall remain exercisable for the period of time set 
forth in the applicable award agreement, and all outstanding 
performance-based LTI Grants held by Employee shall remain outstanding 
through the end of the respective performance period, and may be deemed 
earned and vested at the end of the respective performance period to the 
extent that the stock price target or other performance thresholds 
applicable to such awards are met on such measurement date, as determined 
by the Board in its reasonable discretion.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Section 5(d)(v), in the event that an LTI Grant is 
“non-qualified deferred compensation” subject to the requirements of 
Section 409A, such LTI Grant will be paid at the same time and in the same 
form as it would have been paid had Employee continued to be employed by 
the Company, unless the applicable award agreement expressly provides for a 
different time and form of payment for death or Disability, as applicable.
 
(e) Exclusive Compensation and Benefits.  The compensation and benefits 
described in this Section 5 or in Section 6, as applicable, along with the 
associated terms for payment, constitute all of the Company’s obligations 
to Employee with respect to the termination of Employee’s employment.  
Nothing in this Agreement, however, is intended to limit any vested 
benefits that Employee may have under the applicable provisions of any 
benefit plan of the Company in which Employee is participating on the 
Termination Date, any rights Employee may have to continue or convert 
coverage under certain employee benefit plans in accordance with the terms 
of those plans and applicable law, or any rights Employee may have under 
long-term incentive or equity compensation plan.
 
(f) Notice of Termination.  Any termination of Employee’s employment shall 
be communicated to the other party by written notice that (i) indicates the 
specific termination provisions of this Agreement relied upon, (ii) sets 
forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a 
basis for the termination (provided that an explanation shall not be 
required in the event of a resignation unless the Employee is resigning for 
Good Reason), and (iii) specifies the Termination Date (a “Notice of 
Termination”).
 
(g) Termination Date. For purposes of this Agreement, “Termination Date” 
means the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date 
specified therein or required by this Agreement, as the case may be; 
provided, however that if Employee’s employment is terminated by reason of 
his death, the Termination Date shall be the date of death of Employee.
 
(h) Deemed Resignations.  Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the 
Company and Employee prior to termination of Employee’s employment 
hereunder, any termination of Employee’s employment shall constitute an 
automatic immediate resignation of Employee from all positions he then 
holds as an employee, officer, director, manager or other service provider 
of the Company and each Subsidiary.

8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(i) Application of Section 409A.  This Agreement is intended to comply with 
Section 409A and shall be construed accordingly.  It is the intention of 
the parties that payments or benefits payable under this Agreement not be 
subject to the additional tax or interest imposed pursuant to Section 409A. 
 To the extent such potential payments or benefits are or could become 
subject to Section 409A, the Parties shall cooperate to amend this 
Agreement with the goal of giving Employee the economic benefits described 
herein in a manner that does not result in such tax or interest being 
imposed.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
following provisions shall apply.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, whenever and to the extent that it would be 
necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, Employee’s 
employment will be treated as terminating when and only when Employee 
experiences a Separation from Service.  For purposes of this Agreement, the 
term “Separation from Service” means when Employee dies, retires or 
otherwise has a termination of employment from the Company that constitutes 
a “separation from service” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A-1(h).  

With regard to any provision in this Agreement that provides for 
reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits, except for any expense, 
reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement that 
does not constitute a “deferral of compensation,” within the meaning of 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b), (i) the amount of expenses 
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any 
calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or 
in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year, (ii) such 
payments shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year 
following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred, and (iii) 
the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to 
liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

Each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate and 
distinct payment and the right to a series of installment payments under 
this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate and 
distinct payments.

If a payment that could be made under this Agreement would be subject to 
additional taxes and interest under Section 409A, the Company shall 
accelerate payment of amounts otherwise payable under the Agreement to the 
time at which such amounts are includible in the income of Employee, 
provided that such acceleration shall only be permitted to the extent 
permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii) and the 
amount of such acceleration does not exceed the amount permitted under 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vii).

No payment to be made under this Agreement shall be made at a time earlier 
than that provided for in this Agreement unless such payment is (i) an 
acceleration of payment permitted to be made under Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) or (ii) a payment that would otherwise not be 
subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A. Each payment 
of benefits pursuant to Section 5 or 6 shall be a separate and distinct 
payment to the maximum extent permitted by Section 409A.

The portion of any payment under this Agreement that would constitute a 
“short-term deferral” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.409A-1(b)(4), would meet the

9
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

requirements for separation pay due to involuntary separation from service 
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or would otherwise 
be exempt from Section 409A shall be treated as a separately identified and 
determinable amount for purposes of Section 409A, and shall be exempt from 
Section 409A to the maximum extent possible.

In the event that the Company becomes subject to the sanctions imposed 
pursuant to Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act by reason of this 
Agreement, the parties shall cooperate to amend this Agreement with the 
goal of giving Employee the economic benefits described herein in a manner 
that does not result in such sanctions being imposed.

Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if (i) Employee is a 
“specified employee” on the date of the Employee’s “separation from 
service” within the meaning of Code Sections 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and 
409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and (ii) as a result of such separation from service the 
Employee would receive any payment that, absent the application of this 
paragraph, would be subject to the interest and additional tax imposed 
pursuant to Code Section 409A(a) as a result of the application of Code 
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), then such payment shall be made on the date that 
is the earliest of: (A) the first day following the day that is 6 months 
after the Employee ‘s separation from service, (B) the Employee’s date of 
death, or (C) such other date on which such payment will not be subject to 
such interest and additional tax.
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if the terms of 
payment of any payment of all or a portion of a Severance Package or a 
Change in Control Severance Package would cause any amount to be subject to 
the additional tax or interest imposed pursuant to Section 409A by reason 
of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-3(a) or (c), such payment shall be 
made, if at all, in a lump sum on the 30th day following the Termination 
Date or, if the preceding paragraph is applicable to Employee, upon the 
earliest date permitted under such preceding paragraph.  
 
6. Change in Control.
 
(a) Vesting of LTI Grants.  
 
(i) If, in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Section 6(d) 
below), the vesting of outstanding LTI Grants is accelerated under the 
terms of the Company’s 2009 Performance Incentive Plan or any other 
long-term incentive plan(s) (or any applicable award agreement thereunder) 
then in effect, then the vesting of any outstanding LTI Grants held by 
Employee shall also be accelerated.  
 
(ii) If the vesting of outstanding LTI Grants is not accelerated or only 
partially accelerated in connection with the Change in Control under the 
terms of the Company’s 2009 Performance Incentive Plan or any other 
long-term incentive plan(s) (or any applicable award agreement thereunder) 
then in effect, then the following terms shall apply following the Change 
in Control with respect to the remaining unvested LTI Grants held by 
Employee:
 
(A) Any performance-based LTI Grants held by Employee shall immediately 
vest to the extent that the stock price target or other performance 
thresholds applicable to such awards are met in the Change in Control 
transaction, as determined by

10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the Board in its reasonable discretion. Any performance-based equity awards 
held by Employee that are not vested under the preceding sentence shall be 
automatically converted to time-based equity awards in equal one-third 
proportions and the vesting of those awards shall be amended such that 
those awards shall vest over Employee’s next three regularly scheduled 
vesting dates; provided that no such conversion shall apply unless the 
conversion can be structured in a manner intended to comply with Section 
409A.
 
(B) All LTI Grants held by Employee that remain unvested following 
application of the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(a) shall vest on 
the established vesting date of such LTI Grants; provided however, that in 
the event of a termination of Employee’s employment by the Company (or its 
successor) for any reason other than for Cause, or a termination of 
Employee’s employment by Employee for Good Reason, within two years 
following a Change in Control, such unvested LTI Grants shall immediately 
and automatically vest in full and, in the case of options or other 
exercisable LTI Grants, shall remain exercisable for two years following 
such termination of employment or, if earlier, until the original 
expiration date set forth in the applicable award agreement.  
 
(iii) In addition, if Employee’s employment was terminated (A) by the 
Company for any reason other than for Cause or (B) by Employee for Good 
Reason within the six months prior to the occurrence of a Change in 
Control, then Employee shall be treated for purposes of this Section 6(a) 
as if he continued to be employed through the date of the Change in Control 
and the termination of his Employment occurred immediately following the 
Change in Control.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event 
that an LTI Grant is “non-qualified deferred compensation” subject to the 
requirements of Section 409A, any LTI Grant that is subject to Section 
6(a)(ii) or Section 6(a)(iii) will be paid at the same time and in the same 
form as it would have been paid had Employee continued to be employed by 
the Company, unless the applicable award agreement expressly provides for a 
different time and form of payment.
 
(b) Severance Benefits.  In addition, if a Change in Control Severance 
Payment Event (as defined below) occurs, then the Company shall pay to 
Employee the Accrued Payments, and contingent upon Employee satisfying the 
Severance Conditions, the Company shall also provide Employee the following 
payments and other benefits (the “Change in Control Severance Package”):  
 
(i) Payment of an amount equal to 2.5 times the sum of (i) Employee’s 
annual rate of Base Salary as of the Termination Date (or, if Employee’s 
termination is due to the Good Reason event described in clause (i) of the 
first sentence in Section 6(e), as of the date immediately preceding the 
date of the reduction constituting Good Reason) or as of the date of the 
Change in Control, whichever is greater, plus (ii) Employee’s Target STI 
Amount, calculated based on Employee’s Base Salary as of the Termination 
Date (or, if Employee’s termination is due to the Good Reason event 
described in clause (i) of the first sentence in Section 6(e), as of the 
date immediately preceding the date of

11
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the reduction constituting Good Reason) or, if greater, as of the date of 
the Change in Control, payable to Employee on the 30th day following the 
Termination Date (or, if later, the date of the Change in Control) in a 
lump sum payment; plus
 
(ii) Payment of a Pro-Rata Bonus for the calendar year of termination, 
payable in a lump sum on the 30th day following the Termination Date (or, 
if later, the date of the Change in Control); plus
 
(iii) The Company shall pay or reimburse on a monthly basis the premiums 
required to continue Employee’s (and his spouse’s and dependent children’s) 
group health care coverage for a period of twenty-four (24) months 
following Employee’s Termination Date, provided that Employee or his spouse 
or dependent children, as applicable, elect benefits under COBRA. If 
necessary to avoid inclusion in taxable income by Employee of the value of 
in-kind benefits, or if coverage cannot be provided under COBRA or the 
Company’s health and welfare plans, such health care continuation premiums 
shall be provided in the form of taxable payments to Employee, which 
payments shall be made without regard to whether Employee elects to 
continue and remain eligible for such benefits under COBRA, and in which 
event Company shall pay to Employee, with each monthly reimbursement, an 
additional amount of cash equal to A/(1-R)-A, where A is the amount of the 
reimbursement for the month, and R is the sum of the maximum federal 
individual income tax rate then applicable to ordinary income and the 
maximum individual Colorado income tax rate then applicable to ordinary 
income (iv) Provided, however, that the sum of (i) and (ii) above shall be 
reduced, but not below zero, by the sum of any benefits actually provided 
to Employee pursuant to Section 5(a)(i), (ii), or (iii) and any payments 
otherwise required pursuant to Section 5(a)(i), (ii), and (iii) shall not 
be made.  
 
Nothing in this Section 6 shall relieve the Company or any 
successor-in-interest thereof of its obligation to continue, following any 
Change in Control, to provide Employee with the compensation due pursuant 
to Section 3 of this Agreement or to otherwise comply with its obligations 
hereunder in the event Employee’s service continues pursuant to this 
Agreement following the occurrence of such Change in Control.
 
A “Change in Control Severance Payment Event” shall mean (i) termination of 
Employee’s employment by the Company (or its successor) for any reason 
other than for Cause, or a termination of Employee’s employment by Employee 
for Good Reason, within two years following a Change in Control or (ii) a 
Change in Control that occurs within six months after a termination of 
Employee’s employment by the Company for any reason other than for Cause or 
a termination of Employee’s employment by Employee for Good Reason; 
provided, however, that in no event shall a termination due to Disability 
pursuant to Section 4(b) be Change in Control Severance Event.
 
(c) (i)  If any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by 
Employee in connection with a Change in Control, whether pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with 
the Company, or with any person whose actions result in a Change in Control 
of the Company or any person affiliated with the Company or such

12
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Persons (all such payments and benefits, being hereinafter referred to as 
the “Total Payments”) would be subject to the excise tax (the “Excise Tax
”) imposed under Code Section 4999, Employee shall receive the Total 
Payments and be responsible for the Excise Tax; provided, however that 
Employee shall not receive the Total Payments and the Total Payments shall 
be reduced to the Safe Harbor amount if (1) the net amount of such Total 
Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of applicable 
federal, state and local taxes on such reduced Total Payments) is greater 
than or equal to (2) the net amount of such Total Payment without such 
reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of applicable federal, 
state and local taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax 
to which Employee would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total 
Payments).  The “Safe Harbor Amount” is the amount to which the Total 
Payments would hypothetically have to be reduced so that no portion of the 
Total Payments would be subject to the Excise Tax.
 
(ii) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be 
subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (1) all of the 
Total Payments shall be treated as “parachute payments” (within the meaning 
of Code Section 280G(b)(2)) unless, in the opinion of an independent 
accounting firm selected by the Company (the “Auditor”), such payments or 
benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, 
including by reason of Code Section 280G(b)(4)(A), (2) all “excess 
parachute payments” within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(1) shall be 
treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of the Auditor, 
such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable 
compensation for services actually rendered (within the meaning of Code 
Section 280G(b)(4)(B)) in excess of the base amount (within the meaning of 
Code Section 280G(b)(3)) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are 
otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (3) the value of any noncash 
benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the 
Auditor in accordance with the principles of Code Sections 280G(d)(3) and 
(4).  If the Auditor is prohibited by applicable law or regulation from 
performing the duties assigned to it hereunder, then a different auditor, 
acceptable to both the Company and Employee, shall be selected.  The fees 
and expenses of the Auditor shall be paid by the Company.
 
(iii) In the event it is determined that the Safe Harbor amount is payable 
to Employee, the Total Payments shall be reduced in the following order (A) 
first, by reducing on a pro-rata basis any Total Payments payable to 
Employee in cash under this Agreement that otherwise would be subject to 
the Excise Tax, (B) next, by reducing on a pro rata basis any Total 
Payments related to LTI Grants which payments are not valued for 280G 
purposes pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1 Q&A 24(c)), (C) 
next, by reducing on a pro rata basis any Total Payments related to LTI 
Grants which payments are valued for 280G purposes pursuant to Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.280G-1 Q&A 24(c)), (D) next, by reducing any continued 
health and welfare payments or benefits set forth above, and (E) finally, 
by reducing any Total Payments other than those described in (A) through 
(D) in this Section 6(c)(iii) on a pro rata basis to the extent necessary 
so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax.  In 
applying any reduction to the Total Payments pursuant to this Section 
6(c)(iii), the reduction shall be made in a manner intended to comply with 
Section 409A.
 
(iv) At the time of the initial determination by the Auditor hereunder, it 
is possible that the Total Payments will have been made to Employee which 
should not have been made (an

13
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Overpayment”) or that an amount which will not have been made to Employee 
could have been made (an “Underpayment”), in each case, consistent with the 
calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event that the Auditor, 
based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service 
against Employee that the Auditor believes has a high probability of 
success, determines an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment paid 
or distributed to or for the benefit of Employee shall be repaid by 
Employee to the payor (or such person designated by the payor) together 
with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided in Code Section 
7872(f)(2); provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by Employee 
to the payor (or such person designated by the payor) if and to the extent 
such deemed payment would not either reduce the amount on which Employee is 
subject to tax under Code Section 61 and Code Section 4999 or generate a 
refund of such taxes. In the event that the Auditor, based upon controlling 
precedent or other substantial authority, determines that an Underpayment 
has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid to or for the 
benefit of Employee together with interest at the applicable Federal rate 
provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2); provided further that any such 
Underpayment shall constitute a payment (within the meaning of Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)) separate and apart from the Total 
Payments; and provided, further that any such Underpayment shall be deemed 
a disputed payment (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.409A-3(g)) and shall be made no later than the end of Employee’s first 
taxable year in which the Auditor determines pursuant to this Section 
6(c)(iv) that such Underpayment is due.  
 
(v) This Section 6(c) shall be interpreted, to the maximum extent possible, 
so as to avoid the imposition of excise taxes on Employee under Code 
Section 4999 or the disallowance of a deduction to the Company pursuant to 
Code Section 280G(a) with respect to any amount payable, or to be provided, 
under this Agreement.
 
(d) For the purposes of this Agreement, “Change in Control” shall mean any 
of the following which also constitutes a change in control event under 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5):
 
(i) an acquisition in one or series of related transactions of the 
beneficial ownership of 40% of the Company’s outstanding voting stock by 
any person or group, unless the stock is acquired (a) by the Company or its 
Subsidiaries, (b) directly from the Company, (c) by an entity in a Business 
Combination (as defined below) that otherwise does not constitute a Change 
in Control, or (d) by an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored 
by the Company or its Subsidiaries;
 
(ii) the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company;
 
(iii) a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company or a sale or 
other disposition of all or substantially all of the company’s assets (a “
Business Combination”), immediately following which individuals who 
constitute the incumbent board cease to constitute at least a majority of 
the governing body of the surviving entity; or
 

14
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(iv) a majority of the members of the Board of the Company is replaced 
during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is 
not endorsed or recommended by a majority of the members of the Board prior 
to the date of the appointment or election.
 
(e) For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Good Reason” shall mean, 
without the express written consent of Employee, the occurrence of one of 
the following arising on or after the Effective Date, as determined in a 
manner consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(n)(2)(ii): (i) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3, a material reduction 
(meaning 10% or more) in any one of Employee’s Base Salary, Target STI 
Percentage or Target LTI Percentage, (ii) a material diminution in 
Employee’s authority, duties, title or responsibilities, (iii) a permanent 
relocation in the geographic location at which Employee must perform 
services to a location more than 50 miles from the location at which 
Employee normally provided services immediately before the relocation; or 
(iv) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the 
Company of this Agreement or any material written agreement between the 
Company and Employee.  Neither a transfer of employment among the Company 
and any of its Subsidiaries nor the Company or a Subsidiary entering into 
or discontinuing a co-employer relationship with a personnel services 
organization constitutes Good Reason.  In the case of Employee’s allegation 
of Good Reason, (i) Employee shall provide notice to the Company of the 
event alleged to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the initial 
occurrence of such event, and (ii) the Company shall have the opportunity 
to remedy the alleged Good Reason event within 30 days from receipt of 
notice of such allegation (the “Cure Period”).  If not remedied within the 
Cure Period, Employee may submit a Notice of Termination pursuant to 
Section 5(e), provided that the Notice of Termination must be given no 
later than 90 days after the expiration of the Cure Period; otherwise, 
Employee is deemed to have accepted such event, or the Company’s remedy of 
such event, that may have given rise to the existence of Good Reason; 
provided, however, such acceptance shall be limited to the occurrence of 
such event and shall not waive Employee’s right to claim Good Reason with 
respect to future similar or other events.
 
7. Business Opportunities and Intellectual Property.
 
(a) Employee represents that he has disclosed to the Company all Business 
Opportunities and Intellectual Property (as defined below) that exist on 
the date hereof.  Employee agrees to promptly disclose to the Company all 
Business Opportunities and Intellectual Property that become such during 
the Term.
 
(b) Except with respect to the properties identified on the Disclosure 
Schedule (“Disclosed Assets”) attached to the Confidentiality and 
Non-Compete Agreement previously executed by Employee, Employee hereby 
assigns and agrees to assign to the Company, its successors, assigns, or 
designees, all of Employee’s right, title, and interest in and to all 
Business Opportunities and Intellectual Property that exist on the date 
hereof or become such during the Term, and further acknowledges and agrees 
that all Business Opportunities and Intellectual Property that exist on the 
date hereof or become such during the Term constitute the exclusive 
property of the Company.
 

15
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) For purposes hereof, “Business Opportunities” shall mean all business 
ideas, prospects, proposals and other opportunities pertaining to the 
lease, acquisition, exploration, production, gathering or marketing of 
hydrocarbons and related products and the exploration potential of 
geographical areas on which hydrocarbon exploration prospects are located, 
that are:
 
(i) developed by Employee: (A) during the period that Employee is employed 
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (B) before the date hereof, 
if such opportunities were developed in connection with (I) assets that 
have been sold or contributed to the Company by Employee, or (II) 
Employee’s activities in the oil and gas industry, and are directly or 
indirectly related to the Company’s properties or assets acquired during 
the period that Employee is employed by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries; and
 
(ii) originated by any third parties and brought to the attention of 
Employee, whether before or during the Term, except to the extent that (A) 
such opportunities are not applicable, directly or indirectly, to any of 
the Company’s properties or assets acquired during the period that Employee 
is employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (B) third 
parties possess valid and enforceable rights to such opportunities;
 
together with information relating thereto, including, without limitation, 
the Business Records (as defined below).
 
(d) For purposes of this Agreement, “Intellectual Property” shall mean all 
ideas, inventions, discoveries, processes, designs, methods, substances, 
articles, computer programs, and improvements (including, without 
limitation, enhancements to, or further interpretation or processing of, 
information that was in the possession of Employee prior to the date of 
this Agreement), whether or not patentable or copyrightable, which do not 
fall within the definition of Business Opportunities, and which are 
discovered, conceived, invented, created, or developed by Employee, alone 
or with others if such discovery, conception, invention, creation, or 
development (i) occurs in the course of Employee’s employment with the 
Company, or (ii) occurs with the substantial use of the Company’s time, 
materials, assets or facilities (including assets sold or contributed to 
the Company by Employee), or (iii) in the opinion of at least a majority of 
the Board, relates or pertains in any way to the Company’s properties or 
assets acquired during the period that Employee is employed by the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent that any third party 
possesses a valid and enforceable right to such Intellectual Property.
 
8. Confidentiality Obligations.
 
(a) Employee hereby acknowledges that all trade secrets and confidential or 
proprietary information of the Company (collectively referred to herein as 
“Confidential Information”) constitute valuable, special and unique assets 
of the Company’s business, and that access to and knowledge of such 
Confidential Information is essential to the performance of Employee’s 
duties.  Employee agrees that during the Term and during the twenty-four 
(24) month period following the Termination Date, Employee will hold the 
Confidential Information in strict

16
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
confidence and will not publish, disseminate or otherwise disclose, 
directly or indirectly, to any person other than the Company and its 
officers, directors and employees, any Confidential Information or use any 
Confidential Information for Employee’s own personal benefit or for the 
benefit of anyone other than the Company.  The Company agrees to provide 
Confidential Information to Employee in exchange for Employee’s agreement 
to keep such Confidential Information, and any Confidential Information to 
which Employee has already become privy, in strict confidence as provided 
in this Agreement.
 
(b) For purposes of this Section 8, it is agreed that Confidential 
Information includes, without limitation, any information heretofore or 
hereafter acquired, developed or used by the Company relating to Business 
Opportunities of the Company or Intellectual Property or other geological, 
geophysical, economic, financial or management aspects of the business, 
operations, properties or prospects of the Company whether oral or in 
written form, whether or not included in the Company’s Business Records, 
but shall exclude any information which (A) is or has become part of common 
knowledge or understanding in the oil and gas industry or otherwise in the 
public domain (other than from disclosure by Employee in violation of this 
Agreement or any other confidentiality agreement with the Company); (B) was 
rightfully in the possession of Employee, as shown by Employee’s records, 
prior to the date of this Agreement and which is not directly applicable to 
the business of the Company or any of its properties or assets; (C) is 
lawfully acquired by Employee after the Term from any third party not bound 
by an obligation of confidence to the disclosing party; or (D) is 
independently developed by or for Employee after the Term without using the 
Confidential Information of the Company; provided, however, that Employee 
shall provide to the Company copies of all information described in clause 
(B) to the extent reasonably requested by the Company.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, this Section 8 shall not be applicable to the extent (1) 
Employee is required to testify in a judicial or regulatory proceeding 
pursuant to the order of a judge or administrative law judge after Employee 
requests that such Confidential Information be preserved, or (2) Employee 
receives a valid and effective subpoena, interrogatory or other legally 
enforceable request for information in connection with a judicial process; 
provided, however, that if and when such a disclosure is required pursuant 
to clause (1) or (2) above, Employee shall promptly provide the Company 
with notice of such requirement, so that the Company may (x) seek a 
protective order or other remedy (including, without limitation, 
participation in any proceeding), or (y) waive compliance with the terms of 
this Agreement in the Company’s sole discretion (but such waiver will be 
limited to the Confidential Information required to be disclosed).  
Employee shall be entitled to furnish only such Confidential Information as 
Employee is advised by legal counsel that he is legally required to 
disclose and will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain 
confidential treatment of any and all Confidential Information disclosed.
 
(c) Employee agrees to promptly deliver to the Company, upon termination of 
Employee’s employment with the Company, or at any other later time when the 
Company so requests, all documents and electronic data in existence on the 
Termination Date relating to the business of the Company, including, 
without limitation:  all geological and geophysical reports and related 
data such as maps, charts, logs, seismographs, seismic records and other 
reports and related data, calculations, summaries, memoranda and opinions 
relating to the foregoing, production records, electric logs, core data, 
pressure data, lease files, well files and records, land files, abstracts, 
title opinions, title or curative matters, contract files, notes, records, 
drawings,

17
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
manuals, correspondence, financial and accounting information, customer 
lists, statistical data and compilations, patents, copyrights, trademarks, 
trade names, inventions, formulae, methods, processes, agreements, 
contracts, manuals or any other documents relating to the business of the 
Company (collectively, the “Business Records”), and all copies thereof and 
therefrom that are in the possession or under the control of Employee.
 
(d) Employee confirms that all of the Business Records (and all copies 
thereof and therefrom) that are required to be delivered to the Company 
pursuant to this Section 8 constitute the exclusive property of the 
Company.
 
(e) The obligation of confidentiality set forth in this Section 8 shall 
continue notwithstanding Employee’s delivery of any Business Records to the 
Company.  The provisions of this Section 8 shall continue in effect 
notwithstanding termination of Employee’s employment for any reason.
 
(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8 or any other 
provision of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to retain any 
written materials which, as shown by Employee’s records, were in Employee’s 
possession on or prior to the date Employee was employed by the Company or 
any of its predecessors, subject to the Company’s right to receive a copy 
of such materials or, in lieu thereof, proof that such materials were in 
existence on the date hereof.
 
9. Non-Compete Obligations During Employment Term.
 
(a) Except as set forth in subsection (b) of this Section 9 and in the 
Disclosure Schedule or except as otherwise approved by the Board, Employee 
agrees that during the Term:
 
(i) Employee will not, other than through the Company, engage or 
participate in any manner, whether directly or indirectly through any 
Family Member or as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, 
partner, more than five percent equity-holder, officer, director, licensor, 
lender, lessor or in any other individual or representative capacity, in 
any business or activity which is engaged in leasing, acquiring, exploring, 
producing, gathering or marketing hydrocarbons and related products; and
 
(ii) all investments made by Employee (whether in Employee’s own name or in 
the name of any Family Members or made by any Controlled Affiliates, as 
defined below), which relate to the lease, acquisition, exploration, 
production, gathering or marketing of hydrocarbons and related products 
shall be made solely through the Company; and Employee will not (directly 
or indirectly through any Family Members), and will not permit any 
Controlled Affiliate to: (A) invest or otherwise participate alongside the 
Company in any Business Opportunities, or (B) invest or otherwise 
participate in any business or activity relating to a Business Opportunity, 
regardless of whether the Company ultimately participates in such business 
or activity.
 
For purposes hereof, “Controlled Affiliates” are entities in which Employee 
and Employee’s Family Members collectively own, directly or indirectly, a 
majority of the

18
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
equity or voting interests.  The restrictions of this Section 9(a) do not 
apply to purely passive investments in companies in the energy industry 
provided such investments do not exceed five percent of the outstanding 
equity securities of the applicable company.
 
(b) Employee represents that neither Employee nor his Controlled Affiliates 
or his “Family Members” (defined as Employee’s spouse and minor children 
living in Employee’s household) own any investments or interests which 
relate to the lease, acquisition, exploration, production, gathering or 
marketing of hydrocarbons and related products, other than Employee’s 
interest in the Disclosed Assets.  This paragraph shall not apply to, and 
Employee shall be entitled to hold and acquire purely passive investments 
in companies in the energy industry provided such investments do not exceed 
five percent of the outstanding equity securities of the applicable 
company.
 
10. Obligations After Termination Date.
 
(a) The purposes of the provisions of Section 8 and this Section 10 are to 
protect the Company from unfair loss of goodwill and business advantage and 
to shield Employee from pressure to use or disclose Confidential 
Information or to trade on the goodwill belonging to the Company.  
Accordingly, during the Post-Termination Non-Compete Term (as defined 
below), except as otherwise approved by the Board, Employee will not engage 
or participate in (whether directly or indirectly through any Family Member 
or as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, partner, 
shareholder, officer, director, licensor, lender, lessor or in any other 
individual or representative capacity), any business or activity (including 
leasing, acquiring, exploring, producing, gathering or marketing 
hydrocarbons and related products) in such a manner that Employee’s 
knowledge of Confidential Information is used to compete with the Company, 
within a ten (10) mile radius of the boundaries of, any material mineral 
property interest of the Company (including, without limitation, a mineral 
lease, overriding royalty interest, production payment, net profits 
interest, mineral fee interest, or option or right to acquire any of the 
foregoing, or an area of mutual interest as designated pursuant to 
contractual agreements between the Company and any third party) as of the 
Termination Date or any other material property on which the Company has, 
or is in the process of negotiating, an option, right, license, or 
authority to conduct or direct exploratory activities, such as three 
dimensional seismic acquisition or other seismic, geophysical and 
geochemical activities (but not including any preliminary geological 
mapping), as of the Termination Date; provided that, this Section 10 shall 
not preclude Employee from making purely passive investments in companies 
in the energy industry provided such investments do not exceed five percent 
of the outstanding equity securities of the applicable company.
 

19
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) For purposes hereof, the duration of the “Post-Termination Non-Compete 
Term” shall be determined as follows (but may be shortened by the Board in 
its sole discretion pursuant to subsection (d) below):
 
(i) in the event that (A) Employee’s employment by the Company was 
terminated for Cause, (B) Employee voluntarily terminated his position (but 
not for Good Reason), or (C) Employee breached in any material respect any 
of the provisions of Sections 8 or 10 hereof, the Post-Termination 
Non-Compete Period shall be the eighteen (18) month period following the 
Termination Date; or
 
(ii) in the event (A) Employee’s services as an employee are terminated by 
the Company other than for Cause or (B) Employee voluntarily terminated his 
employment for Good Reason, in either case outside the period that is six 
months prior to or two years following a Change in Control, the 
Post-Termination Non-Compete Period shall be the twelve (12) month period 
following the Termination Date during which time the Company provides the 
Severance Package to Employee pursuant to Section 5(a) above; or
 
(iii) in the event that, within six months prior to or two years following 
a Change in Control (A) Employee’s services as an employee are terminated 
by the Company other than for Cause or (B) Employee voluntarily terminated 
his employment for Good Reason, the Post-Termination Non-Compete Period 
shall be the six (6) month period following the Termination Date, provided 
that the Employee receives (or is receiving) payments under a Change in 
Control Severance Package.
 
(c) Employee acknowledges that any severance payments made to Employee 
under this Agreement, as well as the Company’s agreement to provide 
Confidential Information to Employee, will constitute adequate 
consideration for Employee’s agreements set forth in Section 10(a) above.
 
(d) The Board shall consider in good faith any request made by Employee to 
limit the duration, geographical area, or scope of activity of Employee’s 
non-compete obligations under this Section 10; provided however, that the 
Board shall determine in its sole discretion whether to approve any such 
request and any conditions upon which such approval would be based.
 

20
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(e) Employee will not, during the twenty-four (24) month period following 
the Termination Date, solicit, entice, persuade or induce, directly or 
indirectly, any employee (or person who within the preceding 90 days was an 
employee) of the Company or any other person who is under contract with or 
rendering services to the Company, to (i) terminate his or her employment 
by, or contractual relationship with, such person, (ii) refrain from 
extending or renewing the same (upon the same or new terms), (iii) refrain 
from rendering services to or for such person, (iv) become employed by or 
enter into contractual relations with any persons other than such person, 
or (v) enter into a relationship with a competitor of the Company; 
provided, however, that the solicitation restrictions set forth in this 
Section 10(e) shall not prohibit any form of general advertising or 
solicitation that is not directed at a specific person or entity and shall 
not prohibit Employee from offering employment and/or hiring any employee 
of the Company who contacted Employee unsolicited.
 
11. General Provisions.
 
(a) Amendments and Waiver.  The terms and provisions of this Agreement may 
not be modified or amended, nor may any of the provisions hereof be waived, 
temporarily or permanently, unless such modification or amendment is agreed 
to in writing and signed by Employee and by a duly authorized officer of 
the Company, and such waiver is set out in writing and signed by the party 
to be bound by waiver.  The failure of any party to enforce any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed as a waiver of 
such provisions and shall not affect the right of such party thereafter to 
enforce each and every provision of this Agreement in accordance with its 
terms, and a waiver on one occasion shall not be deemed to be a waiver of 
the same or any other type of breach on a future occasion.
 
(b) Withholding and Deductions.  With respect to any payment to be made to 
Employee, the Company shall deduct, where applicable, any amounts 
authorized by Employee, and shall withhold and report all amounts required 
to be withheld and reported by applicable law.
 
(c) Mitigation.  Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of 
any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or 
otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this 
Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by Employee as the result 
of employment by another employer after the Termination Date, or otherwise.
 
(d) Survival.  The termination of Employee’s employment shall not impair 
the rights or obligations of any party that have accrued prior to such 
termination or which by their nature or terms survive termination of the 
Term, including without limitation the Company’s obligations under Sections 
5 and 6 and Employee’s obligations under Sections 8 and 10.
 
(e) Validity.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or 
provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain 
in full force and effect.  In the event that any provision of this 
Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent 
jurisdiction by reason of the geographic or business scope or the duration 
thereof, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to the scope 
or duration of such provision and shall not affect or render invalid

21
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement, and, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, this Agreement shall be construed as if the 
geographic or business scope or the duration of such provision had been 
more narrowly drafted so as not to be invalid or unenforceable.
 
(f) Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, together with any grant notices 
evidencing awards made pursuant to Section 3(b) or (c) above, constitutes 
the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter 
hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises, representations, 
warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to employment of 
Employee by the Company.  Without limiting the scope of the preceding 
sentence, all understandings and agreements preceding the date of execution 
of this Agreement and relating to the subject matter hereof (including 
specifically the prior employment agreement and the Confidentiality and 
Non-Compete Agreement executed by Employee) are hereby superseded and of no 
further force and effect.  This Agreement, however, shall have no effect on 
the Indemnification Agreement between Employee and the Company, which shall 
remain in effect.
 
(g) Successors and Assigns; Binding Agreement.  This Agreement shall bind 
and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and 
their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs and personal 
representatives and estates, as the case may be.  Neither this Agreement 
nor any right or obligation hereunder of any party may be assigned or 
delegated without the prior written consent of the other party hereto; 
provided, however, that the Company may assign this Agreement to any of its 
Subsidiaries and Employee may direct payment of any benefits that will 
accrue upon death.  Employee shall not have any right to pledge, 
hypothecate, anticipate, or in any way create a lien upon any payments or 
other benefits provided under this Agreement; and no benefits payable under 
this Agreement shall be assignable in anticipation of payment either by 
voluntary or involuntary acts, or by operation of law, except by will or 
pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution.  This Agreement shall not 
confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity other than 
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
 
(h) Notices.  All notices or other communications required or permitted to 
be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and be duly given as 
follows: (a) if addressed to Employee, when delivered to the Employee 
personally or to the address furnished to the Company by Employee, or (b) 
if addressed to the Company, when delivered to the Company at its principal 
place of business at such address, to the attention of the President.  
Either party may change its address by giving the other party notice of 
such change in accordance with the provisions of this section.
 
(i) Termination of Agreement.  The obligations of Employee under Section 10 
shall be terminated if the Company ceases to conduct business as a result 
of the insolvency or failure of the Company.
 
(j) Construction.  The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and 
no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party.  The 
section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, 
and they form no part of this Agreement and shall not affect its 
construction.
 

22
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(k) Remedies.  Employee acknowledges that the Company’s remedy at law for 
any breach of the provisions of this Agreement is and will be insufficient 
and inadequate and that the Company shall be entitled to equitable relief, 
including by way of temporary and permanent injunction, in addition to any 
remedies the Company may have at law.  The parties agree that no claim for 
breach of this Agreement may be made by either party following the date 
that is one year following the date of discovery by the affected party of 
the alleged breach.
 
(l) Governing Law; Construction.  The parties agree that this Agreement is 
governed by and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with Colorado 
law, excluding its choice-of-law principles, except where federal law may 
preempt the application of state law and also agree that this Agreement is 
to be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly 
for or against any of the parties.
 
(m) Disputes; Venue; Jury-Trial Waiver; Mandatory Arbitration.  In the 
event of any dispute, controversy or claim between the Company and Employee 
arising out of or relating to the interpretation, application or 
enforcement of the provisions of Sections 8, 9 or 10, the Company and 
Employee agree and consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the 
state and local courts of Colorado State Judicial Branch and/or the United 
States District Court for the District of Colorado for resolution of the 
dispute, controversy or claim, and that those courts, and only those 
courts, will have jurisdiction to determine any dispute, controversy or 
claim related to, arising under or in connection with Section 8, 9 or 10 of 
this Agreement.  The Company and Employee (i) agree that those courts are 
convenient forums for the parties to any such dispute, controversy or claim 
and for any potential witnesses, (ii) waive any objection to such venue, 
(iii) agree that process issued out of any such court or in accordance with 
the rules of practice of that court may be served by mail or other forms of 
substituted service to the Company at the address of its principal 
executive offices and to Employee at him last known address as reflected in 
the Company’s records, (iv) that any judgment in any such action or 
proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions, and (v) irrevocably 
waive the right to trial by jury and agree not to ask for a jury in any 
such proceeding.
 
In the event of any dispute relating to this Agreement, other than a 
dispute relating solely to Section 8, 9 or 10, the parties will use their 
best efforts to settle the dispute, claim, question, or disagreement. To 
this effect, they will consult and negotiate with each other in good faith 
and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and 
equitable solution satisfactory to both parties.  If such a dispute cannot 
be settled through negotiation, the parties agree first to try in good 
faith to settle the dispute by mediation administered by the American 
Arbitration Association under its Commercial Mediation Rules before 
resorting to arbitration, litigation, or some other dispute resolution 
procedure.  If the parties do not reach such solution through negotiation 
or mediation within a period of sixty (60) days, then, upon notice by 
either party to the other, all disputes, claims, questions, or differences 
will be finally settled by arbitration administered by the American 
Arbitration Association in accordance with the provisions of its Commercial 
Arbitration Rules.  The arbitrator will be selected by agreement of the 
parties or, if they do not agree on an arbitrator within thirty (30) days 
after either party has notified the other of him or its desire to have the 
question settled by arbitration, then the arbitrator will be selected 
pursuant to the procedures of the American Arbitration Association (the 
“AAA”) in Denver, Colorado.  The determination reached in such arbitration 
will be final and binding on all parties. Enforcement of the determination 
by such arbitrator may be sought in any court of competent

23
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, any such arbitration 
will take place in Denver, Colorado, and will be conducted in accordance 
with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the AAA.  The prevailing party in 
the arbitration proceeding may be entitled to an award of reasonable 
attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with the arbitration in such amount, 
if any, as determined by the panel in its discretion. The costs of the 
arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties unless otherwise 
determined by the panel in its award.
 
(m) Limitations Reasonable.  The parties to this Agreement agree that the 
limitations contained in Section 10 with respect to time, geographical 
area, and scope of activity are reasonable.  However, if any court shall 
determine that the time, geographical area, or scope of activity of any 
restriction contained in Section 10 is unenforceable, it is the intention 
of the parties that such restrictive covenant set forth herein shall not 
thereby be terminated but shall be deemed amended to the extent required to 
render it valid and enforceable.
 
(n) Clawback.  Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that any payment 
hereunder will be subject to recovery by the Company pursuant to applicable 
law and any applicable Company compensation recovery policy as may be from 
time to time in effect.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

24
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment 
Agreement as of the Effective Date.
 
 
 
RESOLUTE ENERGY CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
/s/ Richard F. Betz
 
 
 
 
Richard F. Betz, Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
/s/ Theodore Gazulis
 
 
 
 
Theodore Gazulis
 

25
 