 EX-10.13 23 d201422dex1013.htm EX-10.13
Exhibit 10.13

Executed

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

and

GUANGZHOU XIANGXUE NEW DRUG DISCOVERY AND DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY LIMITED

May 6th, 2012
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS
   	  	1 	  
 Article 2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
   	  	12 	  
 Article 3 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	13 	  
 Article 4 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
 REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	14 	  
 Article 5 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	23 	  
 Article 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	29 	  
 Article 7 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	32 	  
 Article 8 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	38 	  
 Article 9 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	41 	  
 Article 10 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	45 	  
 Article 11 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	49 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of May 6th, 2012, by 
and between KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC, a limited liability company 
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware USA and 
having its principal office at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 
14203, USA (Kinex) and GUANGZHOU XIANGXUE NEW DRUG DISCOVERY AND 
DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LIMITED, a Chinese company existing under the laws of 
China and having its principal office at 2 Jinfengyuan Road, Guangzhou, 
CHINA 510663 (XPH).


B A C K G R O U N D:

Kinex owns or Controls the Kinex Intellectual Property of 10(02 (also known 
as KX2-361) and is developing the Compound for oncology and other 
indications;

XPH and its Affiliates have experience in the development, marketing, 
promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products predominately in China; and 
XPH desires to obtain the exclusive right and license in the Territory to 
further develop and thereafter commercialize a Licensed Compound and its 
product for oncology indications in the Field; and

Kinex desires to grant to XPH such exclusive right and license in the 
Territory, all on the terms and conditions set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.
 
1
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.2 Affiliate means with respect to a Party (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly or 
indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a).

1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(b).

1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, that (i) the first Calendar Quarter of any period 
specified under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such 
period to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and 
(ii) the last Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2012, and for 
each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and 
ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 CFR means the United States Code of Federal Regulations.

1.9 cGMP means current good manufacturing practices.

1.10 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.

1.11 Clinical Studies means any clinical studies of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.

1.12 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or prelaunch activities.

1.13 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential and this includes 
all the milestones described in Article 4.
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.14 Completion means, with respect to any Clinical Study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.15 Compound means KX-02 (also known as KX2- 361) that cannot be 
developed, manufactured, used, sold, offered for sale, or imported without 
infringing one or more valid claims of the Intellectual Property related to 
the Compound and the Licensed Product, as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 
attached hereto, and any pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, 
solvates, and prodrugs of the foregoing, or mixtures thereof.

1.16 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.17 Copyright means the right granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.

1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data 
and/or all other similar documentation necessary or useful for the 
Development or Commercialization of the Compound or Licensed Products.

1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to the Compound or Licensed Products which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of the Compound or 
Licensed Products, including any other pre-launch activities.

1.20 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(b).
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.21 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.22 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in a regulatory 
jurisdiction.

1.23 Effective Date means the date when all the conditions precedent 
specified in 2.1 have been satisfied.

1.24 Field means all therapeutic or preventive indications for brain 
tumors, including primary brain tumors and brain metastasis.

1.25 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in a country in the Territory by XPH, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees after receipt of Regulatory Approval in such country or, where 
Regulatory Approval is not required, then the first sale for end use or 
consumption of a Licensed Product to a Third Party in that country in the 
Territory in connection with the nationwide introduction of such Licensed 
Product in that country in the Territory by XPH, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees.

1.26 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a specific Licensed 
Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two (2) 
immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a market 
share in the applicable country of at least thirty percent (30%) of the 
then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and Generic 
Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially introduced in 
such country and the Net Sales by XPH of the applicable Licensed Product in 
the applicable country decrease by at least thirty percent (30%) with each 
of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar 
Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately preceding the beginning 
of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.27 Generic Product means any pharmaceutical product that is (i) sold by 
a Third Party that is not a licensee or Sublicensee of XPH or its 
Affiliates or sublicensees, under a marketing authorization
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
granted by a Regulatory Authority to such Third Party, (ii) contains the 
Compound as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, and (iii) is approved in 
reliance on the prior approval of a Licensed Product as determined by the 
applicable Regulatory Authority in the applicable country.

1.28 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board, consistently applied.

1.29 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any of its Affiliates pursuant to activities 
relating to or contemplated by this Agreement during the Agreement Term, 
that are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of 
the Compound or Licensed Product for use in the Field including 
developments in the manufacture, formulation, ingredients, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, indication, 
methods of use or packaging and/or sale of the Compound or Licensed 
Product.

1.30 IND means an Investigational New Drug application, this carries the 
same meaning in each of the countries in the Territory similar to what is 
described in the United States in 21 C.F.R. Section 312.23, obtained for 
purposes of conducting Clinical Studies in accordance with the requirements 
of the Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including all 
supplements and amendments thereto relating to the use of the Compound or 
Licensed Product in the Field.

1.31 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(a).

1.32 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights and 
Trademarks collectively, that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Compound or Licensed Products, including any 
Improvements thereto.

1.33 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.34 Kinex Intellectual Property means the Kinex Patent Rights, Kinex 
Know-How and other Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Kinex or 
any of its Affiliates.

1.35 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex or any of its Affiliates.

1.36 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex or any of its Affiliates, including the Patent Rights 
listed in Schedule 1.2 and as provided in Section 7.1.

1.37 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of the 
Compound or Licensed Product, or any Improvement thereto, in the Field.

1.38 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.39 Licensed Product(s) means any pharmaceutical preparation in final 
form (or, where the context so indicates, the form under development) that 
contain the Compound as an active pharmaceutical ingredient for use in the 
Territory.

1.40 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.41 NDA means a new drug application in any of the countries in the 
Territory similar to the NDA submitted to the FDA to obtain approval for 
the marketing of a Licensed Product in the United States, together with all 
subsequent submissions, supplements and amendments thereto.
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.42 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by XPH, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less the 
following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;

(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product;

(f) bad debt actually included on XPHs financial statements, provided that 
XPH has made Commercially Reasonable Efforts to collect on such debts;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(i) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to the Licensed Product, and, to the 
extent applicable, other products or services of XPH, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees such that the Licensed Products do not bear a disproportionate 
portion of such deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Sales shall not 
include sales by XPH to its Affiliates or sublicensees for resale; 
provided that, if XPH sells a Licensed Product to an Affiliate or 
sublicensee for resale, then the Net Sales calculation shall based on the 
higher of (i) the amount invoiced XPH to such Affiliate or sublicensee or 
(ii) the amount invoiced by such Affiliate or sublicensee to the Third 
Parties on the resale of such Licensed Product. For purposes of this 
Agreement, sale shall not include transfers or other distributions or 
dispositions of a Licensed Product, at no charge, for regulatory purposes, 
clinical trials, samples, free products or in connection with patient 
assistance programs or other charitable purposes or to physicians or 
hospitals for promotional purposes. A Licensed Product shall be considered 
sold only when billed or invoiced.

1.43 Ongoing Clinical Studies means Clinical Studies with enrolled 
patients that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has 
occurred.

1.44 Party means Kinex or XPH, as the context may require.

1.45 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a).

1.46 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof 
that claim or cover the Compound, Licensed Product or any Improvement, 
including methods of development, manufacture, formulation, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, packaging, sale 
or use thereof
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.47 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the safety or pharmacological effect of a Licensed 
Product in the Field in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy 
requirements of 21 CFR 312.2(a), or its foreign equivalent.

1.48 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the effectiveness of a Licensed Product in the Field 
in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 
312.21(b), or its foreign equivalent.

1.49 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means a pivotal Clinical Study, the 
results of which could be used to establish safety and efficacy of a 
Licensed Product in the Field as a basis for Regulatory Approval or that 
would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 312.21(c), or its foreign 
equivalent.

1.50 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.51 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the 
applicable law in the respective country in the Territory.

1.52 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Kinex Know-How and XPH Know-How, as applicable, and the Data.

1.53 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.54 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.

1.55 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
any successor agency having substantially the same functions.

1.56 SFDA means the Regulatory Authority in China.

1.57 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a 
Licensed Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two 
(2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a 
market share in the applicable country of at least sixty percent (60%) of 
the then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and 
Generic Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially 
introduced in such country and Net Sales of the applicable Licensed Product 
by XPH in the applicable country decrease by at least sixty percent (60%) 
with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) 
Calendar Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately preceding the 
beginning of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.58 Territory means the following designated countries only: Greater 
China (including Mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong) and Singapore. All 
other countries are expressly excluded and retained by Kinex. When 
referring to Clinical Studies, any one of the countries or regions within 
the Territory shall be considered as within the Territory.

1.59 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.60 Trademark means the trademark(s) for which either Party has sought 
registration and all related service marks, domain names and other 
trademark related rights that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field.

1.61 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.

1.62 XPH Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.

1.63 XPH Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by XPH 
as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.64 XPH Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by XPH as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term, 
including as provided in Section 7.1.


ARTICLE 2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

2.1 This Agreement is effective when executed and (a) Kinex will transfer 
all technical documents that are currently available for US IND filing for 
XPHs assessment, and (b) that XPH will have a chance to assess the 
intellectual property position of the Compound (as detailed in Schedule 2). 
XPH will have 90 calendar days to evaluate both of these aspects after 
receiving the documents. If the assessment of either the scientific merits 
or intellectual property is found to be unsatisfactory by XPH, this 
Agreement will be terminated immediately. XPH is going to engage a CRO to 
access a path for Chinese SFDA IND submission and if the CRO issues a 
report within 90 calendar days that the Compound will not be accepted by 
Chinese SFDA despite best efforts, Kinex will reimburse the upfront payment 
in Section 5.1. XPH also will access the patent application of ICX02 in 
China and if there are major issues with regards to the issuance of patent 
protection in China (as assessed within 90 calendar days), Kinex will also 
reimburse the upfront payment in Article 5.1.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 3

GRANT OF RIGHTS

3.1 Grants by Kinex. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Kinex hereby grants to XPH an exclusive right and license throughout the 
Territory (and with the right to grant sublicenses with the consent of 
Kinex which will not be unreasonably withheld) in and to the Kinex 
Intellectual Property, to develop, label, package, import, export, promote, 
distribute, make, use, sell, offer for sale, register, commercialize and 
otherwise exploit the Licensed Product(s) in the Field and a non-exclusive 
right to manufacture the Compound in the Territory but solely for use in 
the Licensed Products; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the 
exclusive rights granted to XPH hereunder, Kinex shall retain the right to 
use the Kinex Intellectual Property in the Territory other than for the 
promotion, distribution, sale, offer for sale, registration, making, 
importing/exporting or commercialization of Licensed Product(s) in the 
Field. Any Affiliates of XPH exercising any rights of XPH under this 
Agreement shall be located within the Territory; provided, however, that 
XPH may use Affiliates or Third Parties located outside the Territory to 
assist in the development of Licensed Products with the prior written 
consent of Kinex. With respect to sales to Third Party distributors or 
other parties purchasing Licensed Product for resale, XPH shall use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to restrict such resales to within the 
Territory, including termination of sales to such parties if required by 
Kinex.

3.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to XPH under this Agreement are reserved and retained by Kinex. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any 
license or other right to XPH, to or in respect of any product, patent, 
trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other data or any other 
Intellectual Property of the other Party,
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
except as set forth under this Agreement (including, but not limited to, 
the Mimetica and Opal discovery platforms or any compound or molecule in 
the Kinex libraries other than the Compound). Kinex expressly reserves and 
retains the right to develop or manufacture Licensed Products within the 
Territory for sale outside the Territory.

3.3 Substitute Compound. If XPH abandons the Compound for Commercialization 
and Development in the Territory, Kinex upon the payment of US$*** by XPH 
to Kinex, shall select an alternative compound from the same chemical class 
and such alternative compound shall be added to the definition of 
Compound for all purposes under this Agreement (Alternative Compound). 
If Kinex has also abandoned the Compound for Commercialization and 
Development in the Field outside the Territory and is developing a 
substitute compound in the Field outside the Territory, the Alternative 
Compound shall be the substitute compound currently under Development and 
Commercialization by Kinex in the Field outside the Territory. Kinex shall 
transfer all Data relating to the Alternative Compound to XPH. XPH shall be 
responsible for all costs associated with the Development and 
Commercialization of the Alternative Compound in the Territory including 
preclinical and toxicology studies necessary to permit the filing of an IND 
with SFDA for the Alternative Compound.


ARTICLE 4

INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;

REGULATORY MATTERS

4.1 Information and Transfer of Kinex Intellectual Property.

(a) As soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days 
after the Parties sign this Agreement, Kinex shall disclose and deliver to 
XPH electronic copies (or, upon XPH s request, copy of the originals) of 
all Data for continued Development and Commercialization in the Territory 
to be used for XPHs Chinese SFDA IND application which is available to 
Kinex at the time (including without limitation to the all pre-clinical and 
manufacturing data available to Kinex that is related to the Compound at 
the time)
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and any registration documents of the Compound and its Licensed products, 
and the latest Kinex Intellectual Property Rights. In addition to the 
foregoing, Kinex shall provide XPH with such assistance as XPH may 
reasonably request (at XPHs cost and expenses) in connection with the 
foregoing disclosures, including making available at their place of 
employment (or such other location as the Parties may mutually agree upon) 
the assistance of such persons that were involved with the Kinex 
Intellectual Property.

(b) During the term of this Agreement, Kinex shall, upon the request of 
XPH, provide XPH with any Data which is available to Kinex and is required 
for the application for the IND with SFDA within 60 calendar days. Failure 
to comply with this provision by Kinex will entitle XPH to terminate this 
Agreement and to require Kinex to repay all payment which has been made by 
XPH.

4.2 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. XPH shall be responsible for and shall itself, or through its 
Affiliates or sublicensees, conduct Development and Commercialization in 
the Territory in the Field during the Agreement Term as described by this 
Agreement. Within 60 days after the Effective Date, XPH shall prepare a 
draft plan and budget (in English) for Development and Commercialization in 
each of the countries within the Territory and submit such draft plan to 
the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee (as defined in 
Section 4.4) which will agree on and oversee the plan for Development and 
Commercialization during the Agreement Term. If XPH fails to (i) prepare 
the draft plan and budget within 60 days of the Effective Date, (ii) file 
an IND with SFDA by June 30, 2013, (iii) commence a Phase I Clinical Study 
with at least 40 tumor patients within 6 months after obtaining the 
approval of SFDA to initiate Phase I Clinical Studies, (iv) commence a 
Phase II Clinical Study with at least 120 brain tumor patients within six 
(6) months after SFDA endorses the study report for the Phase I Clinical 
Study and approves the commencement of the Phase II Clinical study by XPH 
(v) commence at least a Phase III Registration Clinical Study that has been 
agreed upon with Chinese SFDA within six (6) months of Completion of the 
Phase II Clinical Study and approval of SFDA on the commencement of a Phase 
III
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Registration Clinical Study by XPH, (vi) file a New Drug Application for 
Regulatory Approval to Chinese SFDA within nine (9) months of Completion of 
the Phase III Study, (vii) First Commercial Sale of Licensed Product in 
each country in the Territory within 60 days of the Regulatory Approval in 
such country in the Territory, all rights and licenses under this Agreement 
shall immediately terminate, unless (i) Commercially Reasonable Efforts has 
been made by XPH; or, (ii) Kinexs failure to comply with Article 4.1 
(information and transfer of Kinex Intellectual Property) and 4.2 (d) 
(Referencing Data) is attributable to such failure by XPH; or, iii) such 
failure results from the action on inaction of SFDA; provided, however, 
Kinex shall grant a six month extension on any of the foregoing timelines 
at the reasonable request of XPH prior to any termination of this 
Agreement. Further, Kinex shall grant a second six month extension of any 
of the foregoing timelines.

(b) Summary Reports. Upon Kinexs sixty (60) day prior written request, 
made within thirty (30) days of the end of the first Calendar Year 
following the Effective Date and each year thereafter during the Agreement 
Term, XPH shall provide Kinex with a written summary of Development and 
Commercialization undertaken on a country by country basis during the then 
current Calendar Year consistent with written reports issued by XPH in the 
ordinary course of its business.

(c) Clinical Studies. XPH will be responsible for, and conduct and 
administer at its sole cost and expense, all the studies required for 
Regulatory Approval in each of countries within the Territory. 
Specifically, XPH will:

(i) Submit an IND to SFDA for phase 1 clinical studies by June 30, 2013;

(ii) Conduct Phase 1 Clinical Study in the Territory with the study to be 
commenced within 6 months after obtaining the approval of SFDA to initiate 
Phase 1 Clinical Studies;

(iii) Conduct studies that are required to support Phase II Clinical 
Study(ies) as well as commence Phase II Clinical Study for brain tumors 
within the Territory within six months after SFDA endorses the study report 
for the Phase I Clinical Study and approves the commencement of Phase II 
Study;
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) Conduct Clinical Studies in the Territory in support of the clinical 
strategy for the appropriate indications as identified in the Development 
Plan approved by the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee; 
and

(v) Conduct and/or participate in the global Phase III Studies in such a 
manner in conjunction with Kinex that will support the approval of Licensed 
Product in each of the countries within the Territory.

All study reports will be filed to regulatory authorities within 6 months 
of the completion of the applicable Clinical Study

(d) Referencing Data. The Data and results of any Clinical Studies or other 
studies conducted by a Party or its ex-Territory partners shall be made 
available to the other Party for referencing at no cost to the requesting 
Party for regulatory filing purposes, and each party hereby grants to the 
other Party a right of reference to use such Data for the Development and 
Commercialization of the Compound and Licensed Products, provided, however
, that with respect to the right granted to XPH, such right shall be 
limited to the Development and Commercialization of the Compound and the 
Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

(e) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. XPH shall be 
responsible for all costs associated with Development and Commercialization 
of Licensed Products in the Territory. Notwithstanding the generality of 
the foregoing, XPH shall reimburse Kinex for the direct costs incurred by 
Kinex in carrying out any Development within the Territory that was 
authorized or approved in writing in advance by XPH.
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Records. Under this Agreement, XPH and Kinex shall maintain records, in 
sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and 
regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, which 
shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall fully and 
properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including all Know-How 
and including individual case report forms, in the form required by 
applicable Laws.

(g) Promotional Materials and Activities. XPH shall create and develop the 
advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products in the 
Territory with the written approval of Kinex (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) with respect to all such materials. As holder of the 
Regulatory Approvals in the Territory, XPH shall be responsible for all 
submissions and interactions with the Regulatory Authorities regarding 
approval of all Licensed Product-related promotional materials that require 
Regulatory Approval.

(h) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. Kinex retains all rights to 
establish a global brand for each Licensed Product and shall own all 
Copyrights and Trademarks for the Licensed Product as specified in 7.1 (a) 
(i) in the Territory. XPH shall be responsible for searching, clearing and 
filing applications for registration of all such Copyrights, Trademarks and 
trade dress at its sole cost in accordance with Kinexs global branding 
strategy. Kinex shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by XPH with respect to such filings and registrations.

(i) Sales of Licensed Products. All sales of Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by XPH. All terms regarding Licensed 
Product sales, including terms respecting credit, pricing, cash discounts, 
rebates, chargebacks, bad debt write-offs, and other fees and charges, and 
returns and allowances shall be set solely by XPH.

(j) Compliance with Laws. XPH shall in all respects comply with all 
applicable laws and applicable guidelines concerning the advertising, sales 
and marketing of prescription drug products in Commercializing Licensed 
Products in the Territory under this Agreement and (b) XPH shall obligate 
any
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
sublicensees that it or its Affiliates may engage with respect to Licensed 
Products to do the same; to bring any non-compliance therewith (should it 
ever occur) by any of the foregoing entities to XPHs attention; and to 
promptly remedy any such non-compliance. XPH and its Affiliates shall 
maintain such procedures throughout the Agreement Term and shall promptly 
notify Kinex in writing with respect to any material non-compliance 
regarding Commercialization of Licensed Products.

(k) Kinex shall also arrange, at XPHS expense, required technical training 
to XPH in the use, manufacture and development of the Compound and in 
expediting the Development and Commercialization of the Compound and 
Licensed Product in the Territory. The parties shall arrange the training 
at mutually agreed terms from time to time;

(l) Kinex shall, upon the request of XPH and at the expense of XPH, assist 
XPH in the preparation and filing of all registration in XPH Licensed 
Territory with respect to the Development and Commercialization of the 
Licensed Product to the extent permitted or made necessary by statute, 
regulation or government agency, including, without limitation, executing 
and delivering all documents in connection therewith; provided that XPH 
shall reimburse Kinex for reasonable out-of-pocket costs and other expenses 
incurred by Kinex in connection with such cooperation.

4.3 Regulatory Matters.

(a) XPH Responsibility.

From and after the Effective Date:

(i) XPH shall have sole authority and responsibility for the timely 
preparation, filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, 
authorizations or approvals with Regulatory Authorities in the Territory, 
and shall own and control all such filings, submissions, authorizations and 
approvals, including any IND, NDA or other Drug Approval Application in the 
Territory. XPH shall provide copies of all such filings, submissions, 
authorizations and approvals upon reasonable request from Kinex, at Kinexs 
sole cost and expense.
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) XPH shall be the primary contact with each Regulatory Authority in the 
Territory and shall be solely responsible for all communications with each 
Regulatory Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, or other Drug Approval 
Application in the Territory, provided, however, that upon the reasonable 
request of XPH, Kinex shall provide appropriate personnel to participate in 
discussions with a Regulatory Authority regarding the regulatory review 
process and shall assist and consult with XPH in applying for Regulatory 
Approval at XPHs cost and expense.

(iii) From and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, XPH shall have 
exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or amendments 
necessary to maintain Regulatory Approvals and to seek revisions of the 
conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory and shall keep 
Kinex promptly informed of any such actions. XPH shall have sole authority 
and responsibility to seek and/or obtain any necessary approvals of any 
Product Label, or prescribing information, package inserts, monographs and 
packaging used in connection with a Licensed Product, as well as 
promotional material used in connection with a Licensed Product, and for 
determining whether the same requires Regulatory Approval in the Territory.

(b) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible concerning adverse 
drug reactions, safety information and compliance with regulatory 
requirements. XPH is responsible for providing any such data to Kinex that 
is required by the United States Regulatory Authority. Kinex is also 
responsible for providing any such data to XPH that is required by the 
Regulatory Authority in the Territory. The Parties hereby agree that they 
will each make Commercially Reasonable Efforts in coordinating their 
respective regulatory, Development and Commercialization efforts.

(c) Pharmacovigilence. During the Agreement Term, each of the Parties will 
notify appropriate Regulatory Authorities in accordance with applicable 
law, and the other Party, promptly after
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
receipt of information with respect to any serious adverse event (as 
defined by the ICH Harmonized Tripartite Guideline on Clinical Safety Data 
Management), directly or indirectly attributable to the use or application 
of any Compound or Licensed Product.

(d) Product Recalls. If any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction in the 
Territory requires or reasonably requests to recall a Licensed Product due 
to a defect in the manufacture, processing, packaging or labeling of such 
Licensed Product or for any other reason whatsoever, XPH shall immediately 
notify Kinex. XPH shall have the sole right and responsibility, at its 
expense, to initiate all recall procedures required or requested by any 
such Regulatory Agency. XPH shall have be responsible, at its expense, for 
carrying out any such recall as expeditiously as possible and in such a way 
as to cause the least disruption to the sales of the Licensed Product and 
to preserve the goodwill and reputation attached to the Licensed Product 
and to the names of XPH and Kinex. XPH agrees to maintain the appropriate 
record and procedures to permit the recall of the Licensed Product.

4.4 Appointment and Administration of Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee for the Territory

(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and in no 
event later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties 
will establish a four (4) person steering committee to oversee and review 
the Development and Commercialization of the Products in the Territory, 
which will include two (2) representatives of each of XPH and Kinex (the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee) and will be chaired 
by one of the representatives of XPH. All actions, decisions and approvals 
of the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall be 
unanimous. One member appointed by each Party will be a senior officer of 
such Party who is either (i) responsible for product development or (ii) 
has substantial experience in product development for similar products who 
is acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its sole discretion, may 
at any time during the Term of this Agreement replace a member it has the 
right to designate upon prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party 
will use reasonable efforts to cause its respective representatives to 
attend all meetings of the
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee. Each Party will bear 
the travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by its members or 
representatives in connection with the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committees meetings.

(b) The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee will meet at 
least once every Calendar Quarter, or more or less frequently as the 
Parties mutually deem appropriate, on dates and at times and places as 
agreed by the Parties. The Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee may also convene or be polled or consulted from time to time by 
means of telecommunications, video conferences or correspondence, as deemed 
by the Parties to be necessary or appropriate.

(c) If there is a disagreement within the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee, the members of the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee shall promptly present the disagreement to the executive 
of each of XPH and Kinex who has the principal responsibility for his 
respective companys work under this Agreement. Once informed, such 
executives shall meet to discuss each partys view and to explain the basis 
for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to resolve such 
dispute with thirty (30) days of such meeting, then (a) if the disagreement 
is within the framework of this Agreement, XPHs decision will be final and 
binding within the Territory, unless the disagreement is related to 
regulatory issues in countries outside the Territory or imposes negative 
impacts Kinexs rights under this Agreement, or (b) if the disagreement is 
not within the framework of this Agreement and is applicable only to issues 
in the Territory, then XPHs decision will be final and binding.

(d) The Development Steering and Commercialization Committee will have the 
authority in the Territory concerning (i) approval and amendment, from time 
to time, of the plan for Development and Commercialization, (ii) the 
protocols and indications for Clinical Trials of Licensed Products, (ii) 
approval of all contracts relating to the Development of Licensed Product, 
(Hi) the formulation used in respect of Licensed Product, and (iv) 
contracts relating to the Commercialization of Licensed Product. The 
approval for the abovementioned issues by the Development Steering and 
Commercialization Committee shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 5

PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

5.1 Milestone Fees. In consideration of the rights granted by Kinex 
hereunder, XPH shall pay Kinex the following milestone fees, contingent 
upon the later of i) the occurrence of the specified event and H) XPH has 
received the approval for making such payment from the applicable foreign 
exchange authority, with each milestone fee to be paid no more than once 
with respect to the achievement of such milestone event (but payable the 
first time when such milestone event is achieved and further XPH has 
received the approval for making such payment from the applicable foreign 
exchange authority):
 
(a) 	   	Transfer of Data to XPH under Section 4.1 	   	US$750,000
(b) 	   	Allowance by the United States Regulatory Authority of an IND 
application submitted by Kinex for the Compound (if Kinex cannot get US FDA 
allowance for the IND before December 31, 2012 to initiate Phase I Clinical 
Study for the Compound, XPH shall have the following options: i) to 
terminate this contract and the payment in (a) will be reimbursed to XPH; 
ii) to continue the performance of this Agreement on the terms and 
conditions which shall be otherwise agreed by the Parties. ) 	   	US$***
(c) 	   	Completion of a Phase I Clinical Study for the Compound in the 
United States or China 	   	US$***
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) 	   	Completion of a Phase II Clinical Study that achieves the primary 
clinical endpoint set forth in the protocol for an oncology indication 	   	
US$***
(e) 	   	Completion of a Phase III Clinical Study that achieves the 
achieves the primary endpoint set forth in the protocol for an oncology 
indication 	   	US$***
(f) 	   	Regulatory Approval in any country specified in the Territory 	   	
US$***

Each milestone fee shall be deemed earned as of the achievement of the 
related milestone event and shall be paid by XPH within thirty (30) 
Business Days after the later of the date when i) the achievement of each 
milestone event and ii) XPH has received the approval for making such 
payment from the applicable foreign exchange control authority. XPH will 
expedite the application for such payment.

5.2 Equity Investment in Kinex.

In conjunction with the completion of the license agreement, one of the XPH 
affiliates will also make an equity investment of USD $10 million in Kinex 
series A Preferred Shares on the same share price as of June 2011 (USD $20 
per share). It is agreed upon that US$*** M will be invested within 30 
calendar days. XPH will invest the first tranche (USD $ *** million) in 30 
calendar days with an option to extent by another 30 days if additional 
regulatory approval is required for the effect of such transaction. If the 
transaction is not completed within 60 days, Kinex will withdraw the 
offered stock price and XPH will withdraw its investment.
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The completion of the remaining investment transaction will be contingent 
upon the following conditions:

(a) Article 2.1 is satisfied, and

(b) XPH being satisfied with the due diligence of the private placement 
memorandum.

This second tranche of investment (USD $*** million) will be made if the 
contingent conditions given above is satisfied and within 4 months after 
the execution of this Agreement.

(c) All requisite waivers, consents and approvals from any relevant 
governments or regulatory authorities or other relevant third parties in 
connection with such investment transactions contemplated by this article 
and the effect the obligation of payment by XPH required to be obtained on 
the part of XPH having been obtained by XPH, which including but not 
limited to the approval from the following entities:

(i) National Development and Reform Commission;

(ii) the Ministry of Commerce of the Peoples Republic of China; and

(iii) the State Administration Foreign Exchange of China;

5.3 Royalties.

(a) XPH shall, pursuant to Section 5.4(a), pay to Kinex a royalty of *** 
percent on annual (Calendar Year) aggregate Net Sales of Licensed Product 
(annual Net Sales is the aggregated total of all sales in the Territory).

(b) The royalty rates set forth above shall be reduced by forty percent 
(40%) for a Licensed Product sold in any country in which Generic 
Competition exists for such Licensed Product; provided, however, that if 
Substantial Level Generic Competition exists for such Licensed Product in a 
country, no further royalties shall be payable by XPH to Kinex with respect 
to such Licensed Product in the subject country.

(c) If XPH sublicensed KX02 to other parties, Kinex will be entitled to 10% 
of the upfront and milestones that XPH will receive on top of the 
milestones set forth in this agreement.
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.4 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within sixty (60) days following the end of each 
Calendar Quarter that royalties are payable by XPH to Kinex, XPH shall 
submit to Kinex a written report containing, with respect to such Calendar 
Quarter and for the then-current Calendar Year through the end of such 
Calendar Quarter, an accounting on a country-by-country basis of gross 
sales, Net Sales and the royalties payable in accordance with Section 
5.2(a) for such Calendar Quarter, with a breakdown of all deductions taken 
in any such calculations, in accordance with the definition of Net Sales. 
Any conversion to United States Dollars shall be calculated in accordance 
with Section 5.4(c). In the event of any royalty reduction during any 
Calendar Quarter due to Generic Competition in any country in the 
Territory, the report for such Calendar Quarter shall also show the basis 
for the determination of such Generic Competition. Royalties shown to have 
accrued by each report shall be due and payable on the date such report is 
due.

(b) Following the expiration of all royalties payable to Kinex on any 
Licensed Product in a country, XPH shall continue to furnish Kinex a 
written report on a country-by-country basis for the next four Calendar 
Quarters following expiration of royalties with respect to such Licensed 
Product, and shall state the basis for Net Sales then being free of royalty 
obligations hereunder. XPH shall thereafter have no further obligation to 
include in a report the Net Sales of such Licensed Product in such country 
for purposes of the royalty calculation for any Calendar Quarter. This 
obligation shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement in 
any country.

(c) Each Party shall keep and shall require its Affiliates or sublicensees 
to keep complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to permit 
accurate determination of all amounts necessary for calculation and 
verification of all payment obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a 
period of 36 months from the end of the relevant Calendar Quarter.
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.5 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
United States Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds 
to an account designated by Kinex.

(b) Withholding Taxes. XPH shall act as the tax agent of Kinex and make all 
required withholding or other tax payments to, and file all appropriate tax 
form with, the Chinese taxing authority(ies). XPH may deduct the amount of 
any taxes imposed on Kinex which are required to be withheld or collected 
by XPH, its Affiliates or sublicensees under the laws, rules or regulations 
of any country on amounts owing from XPH to Kinex hereunder. Any such taxes 
required to be withheld or collected shall be an expense of Kinex.

Kinex shall provide XPH any tax forms that may be reasonably necessary in 
order for XPH to not withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduced rate and 
XPH shall apply the reduced rate of withholding, or dispense with 
withholding, as the case may be. Each Party shall provide the other with 
reasonable assistance to enable the recovery, as permitted by applicable 
laws, of withholding taxes, value added taxes, and similar obligations 
resulting from payments made under this Agreement, such recovery to be for 
the benefit of the Party bearing such withholding tax or value added tax. 
To the extent XPH, its Affiliates or sublicensees pay such withholding 
taxes to the appropriate governmental authority on behalf of Kinex, XPH 
shall promptly deliver to Kinex proof of payment of such taxes.

(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing royalties on Net Sales in 
any country outside the United States, the Net Sales shall be converted to 
United States Dollars using the year-to-date average rate of exchange for 
United States Dollars used by XPH for its internal financial accounting 
purposes; provided, however, that if for any reason conversion into United 
States Dollars cannot be made in a country in the Territory, then 
notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.4(a), payment may be made in 
the currency of such country by deposit in the name of Kinex in a bank 
account designated by Kinex in such country.
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Except as otherwise defined herein, all financial calculations by 
either Party under this Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with 
IFRS. In addition, all calculations shall give pro rata effect to and shall 
proportionally adjust (by giving effect to the number of applicable days in 
such Calendar Quarter) (i) for any Calendar Quarter that is shorter than a 
standard Calendar Quarter or any Calendar Year that is shorter than four 
consecutive full Calendar Quarters, or (ii) as a result of a determination, 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, that the first or last day 
of such Calendar Quarter (including as a result of termination of this 
Agreement) shall be deemed other than the actual first or last day of such 
Calendar Quarter, or that the first or last day of such Calendar Year shall 
be deemed other than the actual first or last day of such Calendar Year.

5.6 Audits. Upon the written request of Kinex, XPH shall permit an 
independent certified public accounting film of recognized standing, 
selected by Kinex and reasonably acceptable to XPH (provided that such 
accounting firm shall not be retained or compensated on a contingency basis 
and shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement with XPH in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to XPH), to have access not more than 
once in any Calendar Year, during normal business hours, to such of the 
records of XPH as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the 
reports under Section 5.3 hereof for any year ending not more than 
twenty-four (24) months prior to the date of such request. The accounting 
firm shall disclose to Kinex whether the reports are correct or incorrect, 
the specific details concerning any discrepancies (including the accuracy 
of the calculation of Net Sales and the resulting effect of such 
calculations on the amounts payable by XPH under this Agreement) and such 
other information that should properly be contained in a report required 
under this Agreement (the Audit Report)

(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed 
during such year, and XPH agrees with such conclusion, then the XPH shall 
pay the additional payments, together with interest at the Prime Rate on 
the amount of such additional payments, within thirty (30) days of the date 
Kinex delivers the Audit Report to XPH. If such accounting firm concludes 
that amounts were overpaid
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by XPH during such period, Kinex shall repay XPH the amount of such 
overpayment, together with interest at the Prime Rate on the amount of such 
overpayment, within thirty (30) days of the date Kinex delivers the Audit 
Report to XPH. The fees charged by such accounting firm shall be paid by 
Kinex; provided, however, that if an error in favor of Kinex of more than 
five percent (5%) of the payments due hereunder for the period being 
reviewed is discovered, then the fees and expenses of the accounting firm 
shall be paid by XPH.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty-four (24) months following the end of any 
year for which XPH or Kinex has made payment in full of amounts payable 
with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence or willful 
misconduct of XPH or Kinex or a contrary finding by an accounting firm 
pursuant to Section 5.5(a), such calculation shall be binding and 
conclusive upon XPH or Kinex, and XPH or Kinex, as applicable, shall be 
released from any liability or accountability with respect to royalties or 
other payments for such year.


ARTICLE 6

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

6.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and is in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, is 
qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation 
in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the ownership 
of its properties requires such qualification and failure to have such 
would prevent it from performing its obligations under this Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in 
effect having applicability to it or any provision of its charter or 
bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or constitute a default under any other 
agreement to which such Party is a party;
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;

(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, consents and approvals, 
governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys obligations under this 
Agreement;

(f) Neither Party, nor any of its Affiliates, are a party to, or are 
otherwise bound by, any oral or written contract that will result in any 
person or entity obtaining any interest in, or that would give to any Third 
Party any right to assert any claim in or with respect to, any of such 
Partys or the other Partys rights under this Agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.

6.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Kinex. Kinex represents 
and warrants to XPH that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, to the knowledge of Kinex, 
(i) there is no Third Party infringement of any of the Kinex Intellectual 
Property; and (ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is in full force where 
filed; (iii) the Kinex Patent Rights where filed are not subject to any 
pending or
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
threatened re-examination, re-issue, opposition, interference, challenge, 
litigation proceeding or other claim, and (iv) Kinex has only filed or 
prosecuted patent applications with respect to the Kinex Intellectual 
Property in the countries in the Territory as set forth on Schedule 1.2 to 
this Agreement;

(b) To the knowledge of Kinex, Kinex has not committed any act, or omitted 
to commit any act, that may cause the Kinex Patent Rights where filed to 
expire prematurely or be declared invalid or unenforceable, or that stops 
Kinex from enforcing the Kinex Patent Rights where filed against any Third 
Party;

(c) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Kinex has the right to 
use and disclose and to enable XPH to use and disclose (in each case under 
appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Kinex Know-How; and (ii) the 
Kinex Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, lien, 
license or claim of ownership by any Third Party that would conflict with 
the terms of this Agreement; and

(d) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Kinex assign, transfer, 
encumber or grant rights in or with respect to the Kinex Intellectual 
Property inconsistent with the rights granted to XPH under this Agreement.

6.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of XPH. XPH represents and 
warrants to Kinex that:

(a) At no time during the Agreement Tenn shall XPH assign, transfer, 
encumber or grant rights in or with respect to the XPH Intellectual 
Property inconsistent with the rights granted to Kinex under this Agreement 
including under Section 9.3(d).
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 7

PATENT MATTERS

7.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, as between the Parties:

(i) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) (i) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights for the specified Territory 
granted to XPH under this Agreement and (ii) which is discovered, made, 
first conceived, reduced to practice or generated as a result of 
Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term solely by Kinex 
employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority.

(ii) XPH shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising thereunder) which 
is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice or generated 
under this Agreement as a result of Development or otherwise during the 
Agreement Term, solely by XPHs employees, agents, or other persons acting 
under or pursuant to its authority. XPH hereby grants to Kinex a 
non-exclusive, worldwide (excluding the Territory), royalty free license 
(including the right to sublicense) in any such Intellectual Property 
including all XPH Patent Rights and XPH Know-How related to the Compound 
and the Licensed Product.

(iii) Kinex and XPH shall jointly own all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement in the Territory as a result of 
Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term jointly by Kinex and XPH 
employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to their 
authority (Jointly Owned Intellectual Property). With respect to Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property, both Parties shall have the right to use 
Jointly Owned Intellectual Property within the Territory subject to the 
terms of this Agreement. Kinex shall have the right to use the Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property in all other countries without accounting or 
payment to XPH.
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Kinex and XPH shall require all of its 
and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and corresponding 
patent applications and that are discovered, made, first conceived, reduced 
to practice or generated by such employees during the Agreement Term to 
Kinex or XPH according to the ownership principles described in Section 
7.1(a). Each Party shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to require any 
Third Parties working on any Clinical Study or any Development under the 
Agreement or who receive materials relating to Licensed Product or Know-How 
from a Party, to assign ownership or grant a sublicenseable exclusive 
license on a fully paid-up, royalty-free basis to all inventions and 
corresponding Patent Rights that are developed, made or conceived by such 
Third Parties during the Agreement Term to Kinex or XPH according to the 
ownership principles described in Section 7.1(a).

7.2 Maintenance and Prosecution.

(a) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the right to file, prosecute and 
maintain the Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs name, using patent counsel 
selected by Kinex and shall be responsible for the payment of all patent 
prosecution and maintenance costs. Kinex will inform XPH on the patent 
applications in the Territory. As of the Effective Date, the Kinex Patent 
Rights in the Territory include only those applications set forth in 
Schedule 1.2 to this Agreement and Kinex retains the sole right to 
determine whether to file for additional patents within the Territory. 
Kinex shall also have the right to file, prosecute and maintain all Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property in all countries outside the Territory.

(b) XPH Patent Rights. XPH shall have the first right to file, prosecute 
and maintain the XPH Patent Rights in XPHs name, using patent counsel 
selected by XPH and shall be responsible for the payment of all patent 
prosecution and maintenance costs. XPH will inform Kinex on the course of 
patent prosecution or other proceedings and to furnish Kinex, upon request, 
with copies of office actions
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
received by XPH from the Regulatory Authority in countries outside the 
Territory concerning XPH Patent Rights. XPH shall also have the first right 
to file, prosecute and maintain all Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in 
all countries in the Territory If XPH elects not to file, prosecute or 
maintain a patent application or patent included in the XPH Patent Rights 
or the Jointly Owned Intellectual Property, it shall provide Kinex with no 
less than forty-five (45) days written advance notice sufficient to avoid 
any loss or forfeiture, and Kinex shall then have the right, but not the 
obligation, at its sole expense, to file, prosecute or maintain such Patent 
Right.

(c) The responsible Party under this Section 7.2 shall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within the 
Territory resulting from Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term 
that are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of 
the Licensed Products and important prosecution matters related thereto in 
reasonably sufficient time prior to the filing thereof, and the responsible 
Party shall take into account the other Partys reasonable comments related 
thereto.

Each Party shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by the other Party with respect to any filings and 
registrations.

7.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory of any patent 
included in the Kinex Patent Rights or XPH Patent Rights relating to the 
Compound or Licensed Products (collectively, the Parties Patent Rights
), which comes to such Partys attention. In addition, both parties shall 
promptly give the other party notice of any actual or suspected 
infringement by a Third Party outside the Territory of any patent included 
in the Kinex or XPH Patent Rights. The Parties shall thereafter consult and 
cooperate to determine a course of action, including the commencement of 
legal action with respect to any infringement within the Territory.
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Kinex shall have the first right, either directly or through its 
Affiliates or licensees, to initiate and prosecute such legal action in the 
Territory at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or XPH, or to 
control the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the Territory 
relating to the Parties Patent Rights, and Kinex shall provide XPH with 
reasonable notice of any such action it commences and keep XPH reasonably 
informed of any significant developments in such action. XPH shall render, 
at Kinexs expense (including reasonable attorneys fees), all assistance 
reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by Kinex or to 
prevent such infringement. However, the control of such action, including 
whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, 
shall solely be under the control of Kinex; provided that Kinex shall not 
settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that adversely affects 
XPHs rights under this Agreement or which results in any material monetary 
payment by or financial loss to XPH, without the prior written consent of 
XPH, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) If Kinex elects not to initiate and prosecute an infringement or defend 
a declaratory judgment action in any country in the Territory as provided 
in Section 7.3(b) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such 
potential infringement, then XPH may elect, which election shall be subject 
to the prior written consent of Kinex which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld to take such action that is reasonably necessary and 
appropriate to terminate or prevent such infringement, including 
instituting an infringement proceeding, provided, however, that XPH shall 
not enter into any settlement or compromise of any claim relating to the 
Parties Patent Rights licensed hereunder or which results in any material 
monetary payment by or financial loss to Kinex, without Kinexs prior 
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right, either directly or through its 
Affiliates or licensees to initiate and prosecute any legal action outside 
the Territory with respect to the Kinex Patent Rights at its own expense or 
to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action outside the 
Territory. XPH shall render, at Kinexs expense, all assistance reasonably 
requested in connection with any action taken by Kinex or to prevent such 
infringement. However, the control of such action, including whether to 
initiate any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely 
be under the control of Kinex.
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 7.3, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action 
voluntarily and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to 
prosecute, defend and maintain such action. In connection with any such 
action, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide each other with 
any information or assistance that either reasonably may request. Any 
recovery or award obtained by either Party as a result of any action or 
settlement commenced with respect to infringement within the Territory 
shall be shared as follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;

(ii) the other Party then shall, to the extent funds remain after payment 
set forth in subsection (i) has been made, recover its reasonably 
documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside attorneys 
fees) incurred in connection with the action;

(iii) if Kinex initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, the 
action outside the Territory, the amount of any recovery remaining then 
shall be retained by Kinex; and

(iv) if XPH or Kinex initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense 
of, the action in the Territory, the amount of any recovery remaining then 
shall be shared equally by the parties.

7.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the 
development, manufacture, import, use, marketing or sale of Licensed 
Product hereunder infringes the intellectual property rights of any Third 
Party in the Territory, such Party shall promptly notify the other Party. 
The Parties shall thereafter discuss the situation, and to the extent 
reasonably necessary, attempt to agree on a course of action.
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) If within ten (10) Business Days the Parties fail to agree upon an 
appropriate course of action in the Territory, Kinex shall have the first 
right, but not the obligation, either directly or through its Affiliates or 
licensees to defend any action in the Territory related to the intellectual 
property rights of any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal 
action in the Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any 
Third Party in the name of XPH and/or Kinex. Kinex shall keep XPH 
reasonably informed as to the progress of any such action. XPH shall 
render, at its expense, all assistance reasonably requested in connection 
with any action taken by Kinex. However, the control of such action, 
including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the settlement 
thereof, shall solely be under the control of Kinex; provided that Kinex 
shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that adversely 
affects XPHs rights under this Agreement or which results in any material 
monetary payment by or financial loss to XPH, without XPHs written 
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Kinex shall pay 
for all costs and expenses incurred in such defense. In addition, Kinex 
shall pay all damages awarded or settlement payments made (including future 
royalty or similar payments) to such Third Party.

(c) If Kinex elects not to defend an infringement action in any country in 
the Territory as provided in Section 7.4(b), and XPH elects to do so, which 
election shall be subject to the prior written consent of Kinex which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, the cost of any agreed-upon 
course of action, including the costs of any legal action commenced or any 
infringement action defended, shall be borne solely by XPH, provided, 
however, that XPH shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of any 
claim without the prior written consent of Kinex, which consent shall not 
be unreasonably withheld.

(d) For any such legal action or defense, in the event that any Party is 
unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such action solely in its own 
name, the other Party will join such action voluntarily
 
37
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to prosecute, defend 
and maintain such action. In connection with any such action, the Parties 
will cooperate fully and will provide each other with any information or 
assistance that either reasonably may request.

(e) Kinex shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, either 
directly or through its Affiliates or licensees to defend any action 
related to the intellectual property rights outside the Territory of any 
Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action outside the Territory 
related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party in the name 
of XPH and/or Kinex. XPH shall render, at its expense, all assistance 
reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by Kinex. However, 
the control of such action, including whether to initiate any legal 
proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control 
of Kinex.

7.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in any country in the Territory where 
applicable and where desired by XPH. Elections with respect to obtaining 
such extension or supplemental protection certificates shall be made in the 
same manner and with the same relative priorities between the Parties as is 
applicable to the prosecution and maintenance of Patent Rights pursuant to 
Section 7.2.

7.6 Patent Marking. XPH shall mark, and shall require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products sold or distributed pursuant to 
this Agreement in accordance with the applicable patent statutes or 
regulations in the country or countries of manufacture and/or sale thereof.


ARTICLE 8

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

8.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party
 
38
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or used for any purpose except as expressly permitted herein without the 
prior written consent of the Party that disclosed the Proprietary 
Information to the other Party during the term of this Agreement and for a 
period of ten (10) years thereafter. The foregoing non-disclosure and 
non-use obligations shall not apply to the extent that such Proprietary 
Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by 
contemporary written records.

8.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 8.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies in order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by XPH to its agents, consultants, sublicensees or Affiliates in 
connection with the Development or Commercialization, or to otherwise 
enable XPH to fulfill its obligations and responsibilities under this 
Agreement, on the condition that such entities agree to be bound by 
confidentiality obligations consistent with this Agreement; or
 
39
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order, provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.

(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the nature and text of such release, announcement or other disclosure 
and shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party agrees to 
provide to the other Party a copy of any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall have the 
right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty-eight (48) hours) 
review and recommend changes to any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of review 
and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has previously been 
disclosed unless there have been material developments relating to Licensed 
Product since the date of the previous disclosure; provided, further, that 
each Party shall provide to the other Party reasonable advance notice of 
any such subsequent disclosure. Without limiting the generality of any of 
the foregoing, it is understood that the Parties or their Affiliates may 
make disclosure of this Agreement and the terms hereof in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, may file this Agreement as an exhibit to any filing 
with the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities exchange, and may 
distribute any such disclosure or filing in the ordinary course of its 
business, provided, further, that to the maximum extent allowable by the 
rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and except as required by applicable Laws,
 
40
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kinex and XPH shall seek to redact any confidential information set forth 
in such filings, and each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted 
version of this Agreement to the other Party no less than five (5) Business 
Days prior to disclosure or filing with the SEC, other governmental 
authority, or securities exchange, and give reasonable consideration to the 
other Partys comments regarding any proposed redaction.

8.3 Publications. XPH shall not submit for written or oral publication any 
manuscript, abstract or the like relating to the Compound or Licensed 
Products, without the prior approval or written request of Kinex. If XPH 
desires to submit such publication, it shall first deliver to Kinex, for 
Kinexs prior written consent, the proposed publication or an outline of 
the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days prior to planned submission or 
presentation.

8.4 Publicity: Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange or the SEC or any stockholders letter to private 
investors on the condition that if the information is for investors, such 
investors agree to be bound by confidentiality obligations consistent with 
this Agreement.


ARTICLE 9

TERM AND TERMINATION

9.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date. Thereafter, unless terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 9.2 below, this Agreement shall extend for one (1) year which may 
expire on a country by country basis upon the earliest to occur of either 
(i) the
 
41
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
expiration of the Kinex Patent Rights or (ii) invalidation of the Kinex 
Patent Rights (the Agreement Term) unless either Party gives written 
notice of its intention not to extend the Agreement Term: (i) at least 
ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date of the Kinex Patent Rights; 
or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the case of an invalidation 
claim; and (iii) thereafter, at least ninety (90) days prior to the then 
current annual expiration date of the Agreement.

9.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) This Agreement may be terminated upon mutual agreement of the Parties.

(b) Termination by XPH

XPH may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion upon not less than 
six (6) months prior written notice of termination provided anytime after 
the Effective Date (provided, however, that no such termination shall be 
effective until the completion of any then Ongoing Clinical Studies). The 
cost involved during the six-months notice period plus any period needed 
for completion of any Ongoing Clinical Studies will also be borne by XPH. 
In addition, if any milestone is met XPH prior to the termination date, XPH 
will also be responsible for the milestone payment.

(c) Termination by Either Party.

Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement prior 
to expiration of the Agreement Term in the event that the other Party (as 
used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) shall have materially 
breached or defaulted in the performance of any of its material obligations 
hereunder, and has not cured such breach within (i) thirty (30) days after 
notice of such breach is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach 
is a non-payment of any amount due under this Agreement that is not being 
disputed in good faith or Kinexs failure to comply with 4.1 (both of
 
42
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
which shall be deemed a material breach of a material obligation) and (ii) 
sixty (60) days after notice of such breach is provided to the Breaching 
Party for other cases of breach (or, if such default cannot be cured within 
such 60-day period, if the Breaching Party does not commence and diligently 
continue actions to cure such default during such 60-day period). The 
termination shall become effective at the end of the (i) 30-day period in 
case the breach is a non-payment of any amount due under this Agreement 
that is not being disputed in good faith or Kinexs failure to comply with 
4.1 if the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or (ii) 
for other cases of breach, 60-day period unless (a) the Breaching Party 
cures such breach during such 60-day period, or (b) if such breach is not 
susceptible to cure within such 60-day period, the Breaching Party has 
commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure (unless such breach, by its 
nature, is incurable, in which case the Agreement may not be terminated 
unless the Breaching Party fails to use its best commercially reasonable 
efforts to prevent a similar subsequent breach). The right of either Kinex 
or XPH to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 9.2(c) shall 
not be affected in any way by such Partys waiver or failure to take action 
with respect to any previous breach or default.

9.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. 
In addition to any other provisions of this Agreement which by their terms 
continue after the expiration of this Agreement, the provisions of Article 
4.2(h), 7.1(a), 8 and 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement and shall continue in effect after the date of expiration or 
termination unless otherwise expressly indicated to the contrary in this 
Agreement. In addition, any other provisions required interpreting and 
enforcing the Parties rights and obligations under this Agreement shall 
also survive, but only to the extent required for the full observation and 
performance of this Agreement. Any expiration or early termination of this 
Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights
 
43
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of any Party against the other accrued or accruing under this Agreement 
prior to termination. Except as expressly set forth herein, the rights to 
terminate as set forth herein shall be in addition to all other rights and 
remedies available under this Agreement, at law, or in equity, or 
otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Kinex under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date on which 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, XPH and its 
Affiliates and sublicensees shall have the right to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the stock of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on 
hand or in process of manufacture as of the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the effective date of 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, XPH shall notify Kinex of the 
amount of Licensed Product XPH, its Affiliates and sublicensees then have 
on hand or in the process of manufacture and shall have the right to sell 
in the Territory (except with respect to any country in the Territory in 
which Licensed Product has been withdrawn or there is no Regulatory 
Approval), its remaining stock of Licensed Product for a period ending upon 
the earlier of: (i) XPHs, its Affiliates and sublicensees sale of all 
such remaining Licensed Product, or (ii) six (6) months after such 
termination or expiration, and terms and conditions of this Agreement shall 
apply to such Licensed Product so sold. Kinex hereby grants a non-exclusive 
license under the Kinex Intellectual Property to XPH solely to sell such 
Licensed Product in the Territory, subject to payment of all related 
amounts due under this Agreement. Any remaining quantities of Licensed 
Product not sold during this period shall, at Kinexs election, either be 
destroyed by XPH at XPH s cost or sold to Kinex at XPHs procurement cost 
for such Licensed Product.
 
44
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Kinexs request, XPH shall promptly 
transfer and return to Kinex copies of all Data, reports, records and 
materials in XPHs possession or control that relate to Compound or 
Licensed Products and return to Kinex all relevant records and materials in 
XPHs possession or control containing Proprietary Information of Kinex 
(and provided however, Kinex shall, upon such transfer, pay to XPH 
reasonable fee for transferring any Data, reports, records and materials 
independently developed and discovered by XPH employees, agents, or other 
persons acting under or pursuant to XPHs authority, which fee shall not be 
less than the out-of-pocket fee incurred by XPH in the development and 
discovery of such Data, reports, records and materials; and provided 
further that XPH may keep one copy of such Proprietary Information of Kinex 
for archival purposes only); (ii) XPH shall transfer to Kinex any and all 
INDs, Regulatory Approvals, Drug Approval Applications and any other 
regulatory filings or submissions made or filed for Licensed Product by XPH 
or its designees; and (iii) Kinex shall promptly return to XPH all relevant 
records and materials in Kinexs possession or control containing 
Proprietary Information of XPH (provided that Kinex may keep one copy of 
such Proprietary Information of XPH for archival purposes only).


ARTICLE 10

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

10.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 10, Kinex Indemnified Parties
 refers to Kinex, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Kinex and its 
Affiliates, and XPH Indemnified Parties refers to XPH, its Affiliates and 
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents and successors and 
assigns of XPH and its Affiliates.

10.2 XPH Indemnification. XPH shall defend the Kinex Indemnified Parties 
from and against all suits, claims, actions, demands, complaints, lawsuits 
or other proceedings, (collectively, Claims), that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses, that arise out of or are attributable to,
 
45
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) XPHs negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or 
performing any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a 
material breach by XPH of any of its obligations, representations, 
warranties or covenants under this Agreement; provided, however, that XPH 
shall not be obligated under this Section 10.2, to the extent it is shown 
by evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the 
subject matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim 
that the Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of 
Kinex.

10.3 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the XPH Indemnified Parties 
from and against all Claims, in each case that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the XPH Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses that arise out of such Claims that are attributable to, (i) Kinexs 
negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing 
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material 
breach by Kinex of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or 
covenants under this Agreement; provided, however, that Kinex shall not be 
obligated under this Section 10.3, to the extent it is shown by evidence 
acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject matter 
and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the Claim 
arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of XPH.

10.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
10.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party 
and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss how to respond to such Claim. 
Failure to provide prompt notice shall not relieve any Party of the duty to 
defend or indemnify unless such failure materially prejudices the defense 
of any matter. Each Party agrees that it will take reasonable steps to 
minimize the burdens of the litigation on witnesses and on the ongoing 
business of the Indemnified Parties including making reasonable 
accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and seeking 
appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location of 
depositions.
 
46
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 10.4(a), 
is an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing 
written notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain 
counsel and timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such 
event, such other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however
, that such other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an 
indemnified Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) 
Business Days notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to 
assume the defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this 
Agreement. If it is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to 
indemnification, the Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

10.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under 
Sections 10.2 or 10.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to 
settle any Indemnified Claim without the consent of the other Party, 
provided, however, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, without the 
written consent of the other Party, as part of any settlement or compromise 
(i) admit to liability on the part of the other Party; (ii) agree to an 
injunction against the other Party; or (iii) settle any matter in a manner 
that separately apportions fault to the other Party. The Parties further 
agree that as part of the settlement of any Indemnified Claim, an 
Indemnifying Party shall obtain a full, complete and unconditional release 
from the claimant on behalf of the Indemnified Parties.

10.6 Insurance.

(a) XPH shall, based on the operation necessity and the regulatory 
requirement applicable including the appropriate liability and insurance 
policy in the Territory, maintain in the Territory, commencing as of the 
Effective Date, commercial general liability insurance (including coverage 
for
 
47
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
product liability, contractual liability, bodily injury, property damage 
and personal injury), when such Clinical Studies are being conducted (the 
Insurance) If such Insurance is written on a claims-made form, it shall 
continue for three (3) years following the last sale of Licensed Product by 
XPH. The Insurance shall have retroactive date to or coinciding with the 
Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, XPH may satisfy the 
foregoing obligation with respect to the Insurance through self-insurance.

(b) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of Licensed Product in 
and for the Territory. During the Agreement Term, XPH shall not permit such 
Insurance to be reduced, expired, materially amended or canceled during the 
period of the Insurance and/or the Agreement without reasonable prior 
written notice that shall be sent by registered mail to Kinex. Upon request 
XPH shall provide certificates of insurance to Kinex evidencing the 
coverage specified herein.

(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) The Insurance shall contain an explicit clause, stating that each Party 
and its insurer waive their rights of subrogation against the other Party 
and its directors, employees and/or any one on its behalf with respect to 
the Insurance. Such waiver shall not apply in the event of a malicious act.

(e) The Insurance shall be primary to any other insurance maintained by 
each Party and each Party hereby waives any claim or demand as to 
participation in any such other insurance.

(f) The Insurance shall be valid in any location worldwide regarding the 
activities performed by each Party hereunder (including worldwide 
jurisdictions) for any destination or lawsuit which will be served against 
the other Party.

10.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE
 
48
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 11

MISCELLANEOUS

11.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including 
fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of 
war (whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

11.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or in 
connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all or 
substantially all of its assets or in the event of a merger, consolidation, 
change in control or similar corporate transaction or, with respect to 
Kinex, the sale of all or substantially all its rights in the Compound, 
without such consent; provided further, that such assignment shall not 
relieve the Party of its responsibilities for performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the 
Parties. Any assignment not in accordance with this Agreement shall be 
void.
 
49
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or application thereof in good 
faith in order to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative to the term, 
covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof that is 
invalid or unenforceable, it being the intent of the Parties that the basic 
purposes of this Agreement are to be effectuated.

11.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by email, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.
 
50
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this Agreement) shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person, or sent by 
overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), postage prepaid, or by facsimile 
confirmed by prepaid registered or certified air mail letter or by 
overnight express mail (e.g., FedEx), or sent by prepaid certified or 
registered air mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses 
of the Parties (or to such other address or addresses as may be specified 
from time to time in a written notice), and shall be deemed to have been 
properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written 
communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex to:

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

701 Ellicott Street

Buffalo, New York 14203

USA

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Fax No.: 716-849-6651

if to XPH to:

GUANGZHOU XIANGXUE NEW DRUG DISCOVERY AND

DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LIMITED

2 Jinfengyuan RoadGuangzhou,

CHINA 510663

Attention: CEO

Fax No.: 86-20-22211666

or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by facsimile on a Business Day, upon confirmed 
delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so delivered, and on 
the third Business Day following the date of mailing if sent by registered 
or certified mail.

11.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party may suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which 
there is no adequate remedy at law in the event of a breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein 
to the
 
51
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party shall be entitled 
to seek injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of this 
Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and 
provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal having 
jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any bond or 
other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in addition to any 
other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law or in equity.

11.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

11.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for 
the International Sale of Goods shall not apply in any action, suit or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Except as provide 
in Section 11.5, with regard to actions of specific performance, all 
disputes which arise in connection with this Agreement and its 
interpretation shall be settled amicably between the Parties. If the 
dispute cannot be settled in an amicable manner, it will be settled by 
arbitration to be held in Hong Kong in conformity with commercial 
arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. The award 
rendered by arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties hereto.

11.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.

11.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.
 
52
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.

11.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.

11.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

11.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(.pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.

11.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party, including any creditor of either 
Party hereto. No such Third Party shall obtain any right under any 
provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons of any such provision make 
any claim in respect of any debt, liability or obligation (or otherwise) 
against either Party hereto.
 
53
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau, MBBS, MD, FRCP
Title: 	  	Chairman and CEO
GUANGZHOU XIANGXUE NEW DRUG DISCOVERY
AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LIMITED
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	YongHui Wang
Title: 	  	Chairman
 
54
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.1         DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND

SCHEDULE 1.2         KINEX PATENT RIGHTS
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.1
DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND

***

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.2
PATENT RIGHTS

Kinex Patent Chart KX02
(March 21, 2012)

(1a) 28856-503 (Composition of Matter & Use)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	

(1b) 28856-503CIP (Composition of Matter & Use)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	  	 	  	
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	  	 	  	
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	*** 	  	***

(1c) 28856-503003 (Use)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	  	  	
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	  	  	
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	  	

(1c) 28856-516 (Dosage of KX02 and immunoprotection)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	*** 	  	  	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	*** 	  	  	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	  	
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.