 EX-10.1 2 d315936dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.
WEALTH ACCUMULATION PLAN
2017 RESTATEMENT

ARTICLE I INTRODUCTION

1.1.    History, and Purpose and Amendment. Effective as of March 14, 1995, 
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated established the Stifel, Nicolaus & 
Company, Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan and as of January 1, 1999, 
the Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated Wealth Accumulation Plan For 
Administrative Associates. The prior plans were amended and restated in the 
form of the Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated 2008 Wealth 
Accumulation Plan. By an instrument dated March 30, 2010, the Plan was 
further amended and restated. By an instrument dated May 5, 2015, the Plan 
was further amended, completely restated, renamed as the Stifel Financial 
Corp. Wealth Accumulation Plan, and the sponsorship of the Plan was 
transferred to Stifel Financial Corp. (the Company). The Company now 
wishes to amend and completely restate the Plan.

Now therefore, the Plan is hereby amended and completely restated.

All amounts accrued under the Plan shall be distributed under the terms of 
the Plan as in effect from time to time at the time the applicable event 
occurs; except as otherwise provided in an individual award agreement 
applicable to a particular amount deferred for a Participant and as 
interpreted and modified to comply with Section 409A of the Internal 
Revenue Code. Except as otherwise explicitly provided, all amounts accrued 
under the Plan for Plan Years after 2009, and all amounts accrued under the 
Plan that are specifically designated in writing as subject to this Plan 
(such as recruitment awards), shall be governed by the terms of this Plan 
document.

1.2.    Funding. The Plan is unfunded. All benefits shall be paid from the 
general assets of the Employer. Shares of common stock of Stifel Financial 
Corp. distributed in satisfaction of benefits awarded under this Plan are 
authorized by the Stifel Financial Corp. 2001 Incentive Stock Plan, as 
amended and restated, and the Stifel Financial Corp. 2007 Incentive Stock 
Plan for Ryan Beck Employees.

1.3.    Overview. This Plan is intended provide a method for key employees 
of the Company to acquire an equity interest in the Company to align the 
interests of employees who exercise substantial responsibilities on behalf 
of the Company and its Affiliates with the interests of the shareholders of 
the Company, to build wealth by sharing in the success of the Company, to 
attract and retain in the employment the Company persons of outstanding 
competence, to promote a long-term commitment to the Company and its 
Affiliates, and to provide such employees a substantial incentive to remain 
with the Company and not to compete with the interests of the Company.

Benefits under the Plan are in the form of stock units or deferred cash. 
Each stock unit represents the obligation of the Company to transfer one 
share of Stock to the Participant at the

------------------------------------------------------------------------
time provided in Article VII, subject to the forfeiture provisions of this 
Plan and the discretion of the Committee to settle stock units in the form 
of cash. Some of the awards are elective; others are mandatory, such as 
bonuses paid only in the form of stock units. Awards of stock units provide 
the Participant with a participation in the value of the equity of the 
Company immediately from the time of the award. Payments with respect to 
stock units, and payments of deferred cash awards, are transferred 
systematically to employees while they are employed after a stated period 
of time, and generally are forfeited upon termination of employment before 
the payment date. In some cases awards are maintained for former employees 
subject to an agreement not to compete.

This Plan provides for four categories of awards: Elective Deferrals, 
Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferrals. Each award shall 
become vested and will be paid at a definite time specified in writing 
pursuant to this Plan document. The Plan specifies definite vesting, 
matching and time of payment attributes for each of a variety of Types of 
amounts deferred under the plan. The attributes applicable to each Type are 
set forth in Appendix A. The particular Type classification applicable to 
each Account shall be designated in writing at the time and in the manner 
provided in this Plan.

1.4.    Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee 
described in Article VIII.


ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

2.1.    Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following words and 
phrases, whether or not capitalized, shall have the meanings specified 
below, unless the context plainly requires a different meaning:

(a)    Account means a recordkeeping account maintained on the books of 
the Company used solely to determine each separate objectively determinable 
amount payable to a Participant or Former Participant under this Plan. Each 
Account may consist of two sub-accounts:

(1)    the cash subaccount; and

(2)    the stock unit subaccount.

(b)    Affiliated Company means any corporation that is a member of the 
controlled group of businesses, as defined in sections 414(b) and 414(c) of 
the Code, or a member of an affiliated service group, as defined in section 
414(m) of the Code, that includes the Company, provided that the language 
at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent each 
place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an 
Affiliated Company only while a member of such group.

(c)    Beneficiary means the person or persons designated by the 
Participant to receive benefits which may be payable on or after the 
Participants death. In the event there is no valid designation by the 
Participant, or in the event the Beneficiary predeceases the Participant, 
the surviving spouse of the Participant shall be the Beneficiary, and if 
there is no surviving spouse, the Beneficiary designated by the Participant 
under the Stifel, Nicolaus Profit Sharing 401(k) Plan, and if there is no 
such Beneficiary designated, the Participants estate shall be the 
Beneficiary.
 
 
- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)    Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(e)    Cause means a Participant: (i) is convicted in a criminal 
proceeding on any felony or equivalent charge or on a misdemeanor charge 
that the CEO or the Committee determines involves dishonesty; (ii) 
willfully fails to perform his or her duties to the Company; (iii) violates 
any applicable federal or state securities law, rule or regulation, or the 
applicable rules or regulations of the Federal Reserve Board or any Federal 
Reserve bank, or the rules of any exchange or self-regulatory organization 
to which the Company is subject; (iv) violates any of the Companys 
policies concerning hedging or pledging; (v) violates any non-competition 
agreement or any agreement or policy relating to the Companys confidential 
or proprietary information; (vi) impairs, impugns, denigrates or negatively 
reflects upon the Companys name reputation or interests; (vii) engages in 
conduct determined by the CEO or the Committee to be detrimental to the 
Company; (viii) acts in excess or his or her authority as an agent, 
officer, director or employee of the Company; (ix) engages in actions 
deemed by the CEO or Committee which subject the Company to unnecessary 
risk to the detriment of the interest of the Company, its shareholders or 
its customers; or (x) materially fails to perform or produce at the level 
expected for the position held by the Participant. Conduct detrimental to 
the Company shall include, without limitation, any action that results in a 
restatement of the financial statements of the Company. Whether or not a 
termination of employment is for Cause shall be determined by the CEO or 
the Committee in his, her or its discretion.

(f)    Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all 
valid regulations thereunder.

(g)    Committee means the Committee referred to in Article VIII.

(h)    Company means Stifel Financial Corp., or any successor thereto.

(i)    Covered Compensation means: for Participants compensated primarily 
on a commission basis, compensation attributable to Gross Production; and 
for other Participants, compensation in addition to base salary payable 
pursuant to a bonus or incentive compensation arrangement.

(j)    Deferral and Investment Election Form means the written agreement 
entered into between the Employee and the Employer in accordance with 
Section 4.3 hereof, pursuant to which the Employee elects (i) the amount, 
if any, of the Participants Elective Deferrals for such Plan Year, and 
(ii) the investment of amounts credited to the Participants Account, if 
applicable.

(k)    Disability means the Employee is, by reason of any medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result 
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less 
than twelve months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of 
not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering 
employees of the Employer.
 
- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(l)    Elective Deferrals means the portion of a Participants Covered 
Compensation that the Participant elects to have credited to his Account on 
a pre-tax basis pursuant to Section 4.3.

(m)    Eligible Employee means any person, including an officer of the 
Employer, who is employed by or who has agreed to commence employment with 
the Employer on a full-time basis.

(n)    Employer means the Company and/or any Affiliated Company that 
adopts the Plan with the consent of the Company. An Affiliated Company that 
makes awards subject to the Plan with the consent of the Committee shall be 
deemed to have so adopted the Plan.

(o)    Former Participant means an Eligible Employee who no longer meets 
the requirements established by the Committee in accordance with Section 
3.1 and who has not received full payment of all benefits due to him or her 
under the Plan with respect to prior Plan Years.

(p)    Gross Production means the gross commissions produced by a 
Participant.

(q)    Matching Credit means the amount that is credited to a 
Participants Account in accordance with Section 4.5.

(r)    Normal Retirement Age means for amounts deferred before February 
25, 2016, the date on which the Participant attains age sixty-five and has 
completed eight continuous Years of Service for a Participant who was at 
least fifty years of age at the time the Participant was initially hired by 
the Employer, and the date on which the Participant attains a combination 
of age and Years of Service of at least eighty for a Participant who was 
under the age of fifty years at the time the Participant was initially 
hired by the Company; provided that the Committee may designate in writing 
that another combination of age and/or service shall be the Normal 
Retirement Age for a particular Account of a Participant before the right 
to receive the compensation attributable to such Account first becomes 
legally binding, as defined in IRS regulations under section 409A of the 
Code; and further provided that the Normal Retirement Age applicable to a 
Financial Advisor for amounts deferred before 2009 shall be the date on 
which the Participant attains age sixty and has completed five continuous 
Years of Service; and further provided that the Normal Retirement Age 
applicable to an Administrative Associate for amounts deferred before 2009 
shall be the date on which the Participant attains age sixty-five and has 
completed five continuous Years of Service. For the sake of clarity, for 
amounts deferred on or after February 25, 2016, there is no applicable 
Normal Retirement Age and any Termination of Employment will be treated 
as being incurred before Participant attains his or her Normal Retirement 
Age.
 
- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s)    Normal Retirement Date means the date on which the Participant 
incurs a Termination of Employment (other than upon death or Disability) on 
or after the date the Participant attains Normal Retirement Age.

(t)    Other Deferral means an amount of the Participants compensation 
that is credited to his Account in accordance with Section 4.6 hereof.

(u)    Participant means an Eligible Employee who has met the 
participation requirements as set forth in Article III.

(v)    Plan means the Stifel Financial Corp. Wealth Accumulation Plan, as 
set forth in this document and as amended from time to time hereafter.

(w)    Plan Year means the period commencing each January 1st and ending 
on each December 31st.

(x)    Stock means the common stock of Stifel Financial Corp., par value 
fifteen cents ($.15) per share.

(y)    Stifel Deferral means an amount of the Participants Covered 
Compensation that is credited to his Account in accordance with Section 4.4 
hereof.

(z)    Termination of Employment means termination of employment from the 
Company and its Affiliated Companies (generally 50% common control with the 
Company), as defined in IRS regulations under section 409A of the Code 
(generally, a decrease in the performance of services to no more than 20% 
of the average for the preceding thirty-six-month period, and disregarding 
leave of absences up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation 
the Employee will return).

(aa)    Type means the category of definite contribution, vesting and 
payment event attributes applicable to an Account under the Plan, as 
described in Appendix A.

(bb)    Valuation Fund means a fund or index identified in writing by the 
Committee from time to time in accordance with Article VI that is used to 
determine the earnings (or loss) applicable to an Account.

(cc)    Year of Service means a period of continuous employment with the 
Employer of one year in duration.

A definition introduced later in the Plan also applies for all Plan 
purposes unless the context plainly requires a different meaning.

2.2.     Gender and Number. Pronouns used in the Plan in the masculine 
gender include the feminine gender, words in the singular include the 
plural, and words in the plural include the singular.
 
- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3.    Headings. All headings in the Plan are included solely for ease of 
reference and do not bear on the interpretation of the text. As used in the 
Plan, the terms Article, Section and Appendix mean the text that 
accompanies the specified Article, Section or Appendix of the Plan.


ARTICLE III  PARTICIPATION

3.1.    Eligibility and Participation. Each Eligible Employee shall be a 
Participant for a Plan Year if such Eligible Employee is employed in a 
classification of Eligible Employees designated by the Committee as 
eligible to participate in this Plan for that Plan Year. The Committee 
shall establish the requirements for eligibility to participate in this 
Plan for each Plan Year, as the Committee in its sole discretion shall 
determine. The Committee may establish separate eligibility requirements 
for Elective Deferrals, Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other 
Deferrals, respectively. The Committee shall notify such Eligible Employee 
of eligibility requirements in a timely and appropriate manner.

3.2.    Duration of Participation. A Participant shall continue to be a 
Participant in the Plan until such Participant ceases to meet the 
requirements for participation established by the Committee for the 
applicable Plan Year. A Former Participant shall remain such until he or 
she receives full payment of all benefits due to him or her under the Plan.


ARTICLE IV  DEFERRAL CREDITS

4.1.    Participant Accounts. The Committee, or its delegate, shall 
maintain a separate Elective Deferral Account, a Stifel Deferral Account, a 
Matching Credit Account and an Other Deferral Account for each Participant 
for each Plan Year, to which the Participants Elective Deferrals, Stifel 
Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferral awards, if any, for such 
Plan Year are credited, respectively. The Committee, or its delegate, shall 
maintain a separate Account for each such award for a particular Plan Year 
(a Class Year Account), as well as a separate Account for each award of 
another type, such as an award made in a recruitment letter or an 
employment agreement. Each Account may include a cash subaccount and a 
stock unit subaccount. The balance of an Account as of any date is the 
aggregate balance of the cash subaccount and the stock subaccount 
associated with that Account as of such date. The balance of a cash 
subaccount or stock unit subaccount as of any date is the balance of such 
subaccount determined as of the immediately preceding valuation date, plus 
amounts thereafter properly credited to such subaccount. The balance of 
each cash subaccount shall be expressed in United States dollars. The 
balance of each stock unit subaccount shall be expressed in a number (whole 
or fractional) of shares of Stock.

Such Accounts shall be used solely to determine the amount payable to each 
Participant under this Plan and shall not constitute a separate fund of 
assets.

4.2    Type of Accounts. A distinct vesting and payment event Type shall be 
assigned to each Account at the time and in the manner prescribed in this 
Section.
 
- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Committee shall maintain a separate Account for each separate 
objectively determinable amount payable to a Participant or Former 
Participant pursuant to this Plan with an associated distinct Type; so that 
a distinct Type shall be assigned to and associated with each separate 
objectively determinable amount payable to a Participant or Former 
Participant pursuant to this Plan. For example, a separate Stifel Deferral 
Account would be maintained for a Participant for each distinct Type of 
Stifel Deferrals made on behalf of such Participant. The Type applicable to 
each Account shall be documented in writing no later than the time 
prescribed below.

The Type of each Elective Deferral Account shall be set forth in writing in 
the Deferral and Investment Election Form in which the Participant elects 
deferral of compensation credited to the Account. The Type of each Stifel 
Deferral Account, Matching Credit Account and Other Deferral Account shall 
be set forth in writing no later than the time the Participant first 
obtains a legally binding right to payment of an amount that is or will be 
credited to the Account. The written document prescribing the Type of an 
Account shall be part of this Plan. Effective January 1, 2010, any 
mandatory deferral Account of an Administrative employee for which there is 
no different written Type designation shall be treated as Type A-5 MRA CM25 
(five year ratable vesting with annual payout of vested portion), with the 
match Account treated as a Type A-5 CM C (five year cliff vesting payable 
after five years) unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the grant 
date. Effective January 1, 2011, any mandatory deferral Account of a 
Financial Advisor for which there is no different written Type designation 
shall be treated as Type FA-7 MC CM25 (seven year cliff vesting payable 
after seven years). Effective January 1, 2011, any mandatory deferral 
Account of an Institutional Salesman for which there is no different 
written Type designation shall be treated as Type IS-5 M RA (five year 
ratable vesting with annual payout of vested portion), with the match 
Account treated as a Type IS-5 CM C (five year cliff vesting payable after 
five years).

For an Account relating to an award made before January 1, 2009 (before the 
Plan document prescribed the time and form of payment by reference to 
Types), and any other Account for which a Type is not explicitly designed 
in writing, with definitely determinable vesting and payment dates, the 
Type of such Account shall be the Type listed on Appendix A with vesting 
and payment dates corresponding to the vesting and payment dates of such 
Account.

4.3.    Elective Deferrals. On or before the time necessary to administer 
deferral elections that are effective as of the first day of the next Plan 
Year, the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine which 
Participants are eligible to make Elective Deferrals for that Plan Year. 
For Participants compensated primarily on a commission basis, eligibility 
to make such Deferrals may be based on whether a Participant has achieved a 
threshold of Gross Production for the fiscal year ending on the November 30
th immediately preceding the Plan Year for which the eligibility 
determination is being made. The threshold of Gross Production for purposes 
of this Section shall be established by the Committee in its sole 
discretion.

A Participant who is eligible to make Elective Deferrals may specify on the 
Deferral and Investment Election Form an amount of his or her Covered 
Compensation to be deferred for the Plan Year under this Section. The 
Committee may establish limits on the amount of Elective Deferrals that may 
be made by eligible Participants for a Plan Year. Elective Deferrals shall 
be credited to the Account of each Participant as of the last business day 
of each calendar month. Elective Deferrals shall be credited to the Account 
of a Participant for a calendar month only if he or she is a Participant on 
the last day of such calendar month.
 
- 7 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Deferral and Investment Election Form must be delivered to the 
Committee in writing before the beginning of the Plan Year during which the 
services for which such Covered Compensation is paid are performed. The 
Deferral and Investment Election Form shall specify the Type classification 
applicable to such deferral. The Deferral and Investment Election Form for 
each Plan Year shall be irrevocable for the Plan Year as of the beginning 
of such year and shall apply to all Covered Compensation for services 
rendered in such year; except that a Participant may cancel a deferral 
election because of a hardship distribution from a cash or deferred profit 
sharing plan that is qualified under section 401(k) of the Code. If an 
election is canceled because of a hardship distribution, any later deferral 
election shall be subject to the provisions governing initial deferral 
elections. (For this purpose, services performed in a payroll period 
containing the last day of a Plan Year shall be treated as performed in the 
Plan Year in which the compensation for such services is paid.)

With respect to bonuses that are performance-based compensation, and based 
upon a performance period of at least twelve months, the initial deferral 
election may be made as late as six months before the end of the 
performance period, provided that the Participant performed services 
continuously from the date upon which the performance criteria are 
established through the date upon which the Participant makes the initial 
deferral election. In no event may an election to defer performance-based 
compensation be made after such compensation has become both substantially 
certain to be paid and readily ascertainable. The term performance-based 
compensation means compensation where the amount of, or entitlement to, the 
compensation is contingent on the satisfaction of pre-established 
organizational or individual performance criteria relating to a performance 
period of at least twelve consecutive months in which the Eligible Employee 
performs services.

An election made pursuant to this Section must be in writing on a Deferral 
and Investment Election Form acceptable to the Committee. The Committee, in 
its discretion, may prescribe appropriate election rules and procedures; 
provided that elections for a Plan Year must be made not later than the 
last day of the preceding Plan Year, except as permitted by IRS regulations 
under section 409A of the Code.

If a Participant fails to complete a Deferral and Investment Election Form 
on or before the first day of any Plan Year, the Participant shall be 
deemed to have elected not to make Elective Deferrals for such Plan Year; 
and amounts credited to a Participants cash subaccount with respect to 
which a Participant does not provide investment direction shall be assigned 
to the default Valuation Fund determined by the Committee, in its sole and 
absolute discretion.

4.4.    Stifel Deferrals. The amount of Stifel Deferrals credited to the 
Account of a Participant for the Plan Year shall be the applicable 
percentage of the Participants Gross Production (for Participants 
compensated primarily on a commission basis) or Performance Based Incentive 
Compensation (for Participants not compensated primarily on a commission 
basis) for such Plan Year established by the Committee in its sole 
discretion before the time the Participant first has a legally binding 
right to the compensation, as defined in IRS regulations under section 409A 
of the Code.
 
- 8 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
For Participants compensated primarily on a commission basis, the Account 
of a Participant who achieves the designated threshold of Gross Production 
for the Plan Year shall be credited with Stifel Deferrals as of the last 
business day of the calendar month in which such threshold for the Plan 
Year is achieved, based on Gross Production for such year through such 
date; and as of the last business day of each subsequent calendar month for 
the remainder of the Plan Year, based on Gross Production for such month. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1, 2017, for participants 
compensated primarily on a commission basis, the Account of a Participant 
who achieves the designated threshold of Gross Production for the Plan 
Year, based on Gross Production through the last business day of the Plan 
Year, shall be credited with Stifel Deferrals as of a date in the first 
month of the following Plan Year, provided that such individual is a 
Participant on such date. The threshold of Gross Production for each Plan 
Year under this Section shall be established in writing by the Committee in 
its sole discretion before the time the Participant first has a legally 
binding right to the compensation, as defined in IRS regulations under 
section 409A of the Code. For periods prior to January 1, 2017, the Account 
of a Participant shall be credited with Stifel Deferrals for a calendar 
month only if he or she is a Participant on the last day of such calendar 
month. The Committee in its sole discretion may change such Stifel Deferral 
award formula by an instrument in writing adopted before the promise of the 
award becomes legally binding, as defined in IRS regulations under section 
409A of the Code.

For Participants not compensated primarily on a commission basis, the 
Account of a Participant shall be credited with Stifel Deferrals for a Plan 
Year only if he or she is a Participant on the day designated to be 
eligible to the related bonus under the Stifel Performance Based Incentive 
Compensation Plan.

4.5.    Matching Credits. Participants who make Elective Deferrals pursuant 
to Section 4.3 also may receive an employer Matching Credit. Matching 
Credits for Elective Deferrals shall equal a percentage of the Elective 
Deferrals credited to the Account of the Participant. Such percentage, if 
any, shall be established by the Committee in writing in its sole 
discretion before the first day of the Plan Year for which the Elective 
Deferral is made.

Each Participant whose Account is credited with Stifel Deferrals pursuant 
to Section 4.3 also may receive a Matching Credit. Matching Credits for 
Stifel Deferrals shall equal a percentage of the Stifel Deferrals credited 
to the stock unit subaccount of the Participant. Such percentage, if any, 
shall be established by the Committee in writing in its sole discretion 
before the time the Participant first has a legally binding right to the 
compensation, as defined in IRS regulations under section 409A of the Code.

Matching Credits related to Elective Deferrals shall be credited to the 
Account of each Participant as of the last business day of the calendar 
month. Such a Participant shall receive a Matching Credit only if he or she 
is a Participant on the last business day of such calendar month, or such 
other date as prescribed in advance by the Committee in writing.
 
- 9 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Matching Credits related to Stifel Deferrals shall be credited to the 
Account of each Participant as of the last business day of the calendar 
year for which the related deferral is credited, or such other date as 
prescribed in advance by the Committee in writing.

4.6.    Other Deferrals. An Employer may award an Eligible Employee a right 
to deferred compensation from time to time; for example, in a recruitment 
letter agreement. Any such award shall identify in writing the objectively 
determinable amount of the award and the Type of the Account to which such 
deferred compensation is credited. Such a written instrument shall be 
adopted no later than the time the Participant first obtains a legally 
binding right to payment of an amount that is or will be credited to such 
an Account.

Any amount of compensation deferred under an arrangement between an 
Employee and the Employer that does not specifically refer to this Plan, 
and that is not a short-term deferral or otherwise exempt from section 409A 
of the Internal Revenue Code, shall be treated as subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Plan relating to time and form of payment, with a Type 
determined under the last paragraph of Section 4.2.


ARTICLE V  VESTING AND FORFEITURE

5.1.    Vesting in Elective Deferrals. A Participant shall be 100% vested 
in his Elective Deferrals at all times.

5.2.    Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferrals Regular 
Vesting Date. A Participant or Former Participant shall be vested in all, 
or a designated portion of, Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other 
Deferrals, and any earnings thereon, credited to such Participants or 
Former Participants Account for a Plan Year on the last day of the 
calendar year specified in Appendix A for the Type applicable to that 
Account (or other date explicitly provided in an award agreement for an 
Other Deferral account).

The vested percentage of an Account Type with a designated ratable vesting 
schedule from time to time shall be a percentage of the balance of the 
Account determined ratably over the period specified for such Type, based 
on the completed whole Years of Service beginning on the first day of the 
Plan Year for which an amount was allocated to the Account (or: (i) for 
periods before January 1, 2017, on the first day of the Plan Year 
immediately following the year for which an amount was allocated to the 
Account in the case of an award based on monthly gross production or 
commission payroll, or other date explicitly provided in an award agreement 
for an Other Deferral account or (ii) for periods on or after January 1, 
2017, on the first day of the Plan Year during which an amount was 
allocated to the Account in the case of an award based on annual gross 
production or commission payroll, or other date explicitly provided in an 
award agreement for an Other Deferral account). For example, the percentage 
of an Account Type with a vesting schedule designated five year ratable 
shall be determined as follows:
 
Years of Service
   	Vested Percentage
 1
   	20%
 2
   	40%
 3
   	60%
 4
   	80%
 5
   	100%
 
- 10 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The vested percentage of an Account Type with a designated cliff vesting 
schedule shall be 0% until completion of the designated number of completed 
whole Years of Service, beginning on the first day of the Plan Year for 
which an amount was allocated to the Account (or: (i) for periods before 
January 1, 2017, on the first day of the Plan Year immediately following 
the year for which an amount was allocated to the Account in the case of an 
award based on monthly gross production or commission payroll, or other 
date explicitly provided in an award agreement for an Other Deferral 
account or (ii) for periods on or after January 1, 2017, on the first day 
of the Plan Year during which an amount was allocated to the Account in the 
case of an award based on annual gross production or commission payroll, or 
other date explicitly provided in an award agreement for an Other Deferral 
account); and 100% after such time.

Notwithstanding the above, the entire balance of an Account shall be vested 
on the occurrence of any of the following, if such event occurs earlier 
than the date designated above:

(a)    the date the Participants or Former Participants Disability;

(b)    the date the Participant or Former Participant dies; and

(c)    the date a Participant incurs an involuntarily Termination of 
Employment because of a restructuring of the business of the Employer, 
which means the closing of an office or elimination of a business unit, and 
not solely because of the individual performance of the Participant.


5.3.    Extended Vesting for Noncompetition.

(a)    If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment on or after 
attaining his or her Normal Retirement Age (i.e., retires on his or her 
Normal Retirement Date), Accounts that are not vested at such time shall 
not be subject to the vesting schedules and date described in Section 5.2, 
but instead shall vest on the date that occurs one year after such a 
Termination of Employment, provided that the Participant or Former 
Participant enters into a retirement agreement, complies with applicable 
noncompetition provisions and does not experience a forfeiture under 
Section 5.4 within that one year period.

(b)    If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before attaining 
his or her Normal Retirement Age or incurs a Termination of Employment 
after attaining his or her Normal Retirement Age in the case of an Account 
that is not coded as Mandatory (M) or Elective (E) pursuant to Appendix 
A, but, at the discretion of the CEO or the Committee, is granted the right 
to receive payment of the amount credited to an Account (other than a 
Matching Credit Account) that is not vested at such time, subject to 
compliance with the noncompetition provisions of Section 5.4 or an 
alternate agreement not to compete, such Account shall not be forfeited 
merely because of Termination of Employment before the relevant scheduled 
vesting
 
- 11 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
date or dates, but shall continue to vest on the relevant scheduled vesting 
date or dates so long as the Participant does not engage in a Competitive 
Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined in Section 5.4 or the 
alternate agreement not to compete, until such time. A Participant must 
apply for such a forfeiture waiver in writing. The discretionary extended 
vesting provisions of this subsection do not apply to Matching Credit 
Accounts. For the sake of clarity, one of the purposes of the discretion 
afforded the CEO and the Committee in this Section 5.3(b) is to allow the 
Company, acting through the CEO or the Committee, to provide an exception 
to the forfeiture provisions when that result is in the best interests of 
the Company based on an evaluation of the particular facts and 
circumstances of a Participants Termination of Employment.

(c)    Effective August 9, 2010, the Stifel Deferral Accounts, Matching 
Credit Accounts and other Deferral Accounts of Participants who had not 
attained Normal Retirement Age as of August 9, 2010 shall not be forfeited 
merely because of Termination of Employment before such Accounts vest, but 
shall vest on the normal vesting date prescribed in Section 5.2, provided 
that the Participant or Former Participant does not engage in a Competitive 
Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined in Section 5.4, until such 
time. This subsection (c) shall not apply to Accounts established on or 
after August 9, 2010.

5.4.    Forfeiture. Except as provided in Section 5.3, a Participant shall 
forfeit nonvested amounts credited to the Participants Stifel Deferral, 
Matching Credit and Other Deferral Accounts upon Termination of Employment 
before Normal Retirement Age before such Accounts vest in accordance with 
Section 5.2, subject to restoration of forfeitures upon re-employment as 
provided in Section 5.5.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the case of an Account 
subject to the extended vesting rules of Section 5.3, if a Participant or 
Former Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates, then for so long as the Participant or 
Former Participant does not engage in a Competitive Activity or a 
Soliciting Activity, such Account will continue to vest on the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates. If at any time before such Account vests, 
the Participant or Former Participant engages in a Competitive Activity or 
a Soliciting Activity, any unvested portion of such Account will be 
forfeited at that time.

Definitions: The following words and phrases, whether or not capitalized, 
shall have the meanings specified below for purposes of this Section:

Client means any client, former client or prospective client of the Firm 
to whom the Participant or Former Participant provided services, or for 
whom the Participant or Former Participant transacted business, or whose 
identity became known to the Participant or Former Participant in 
connection with the Participants or Former Participants relationship with 
or employment by the Firm.

Competitive Activity means to:

(a)    form, or acquire a 5% or greater equity ownership, voting or profit 
participation interest in, any Competitive Enterprise; or

(b)    associate (including, but not limited to, association as an officer, 
employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any 
Competitive Enterprise and in
 
- 12 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
connection with such association engage in, or directly or indirectly 
manage or supervise personnel engaged in, any activity (1) which is similar 
or substantially related to any activity in which the Participant or Former 
Participant was engaged, in whole or in part, at the Firm, (2) for which as 
had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibility at the 
Firm, or (3) which calls for the application of the same or similar 
specialized knowledge or skills as those utilized by the Participant or 
Former Participant in the Participants or Former Participants activities 
at the Firm at any time during the one-year period immediately prior to the 
Termination of Employment of the Participant or Former Participant, and, in 
any such case, irrespective of the purpose of the activity or whether the 
activity is or was in furtherance of advisory, agency, proprietary or 
fiduciary business of either the Firm or the Competitive Enterprise. (By 
way of example only, an advisory investment banker joining a 
leveraged-buyout firm or a research analyst becoming a proprietary trader 
or joining a hedge fund would constitute a Competitive Activity.)

Competitive Enterprise is a business enterprise that engages in, or owns 
or controls a significant interest in any entity that engages in, financial 
services such as investment banking, public or private finance, financial 
advisory services, provision of investment advice, products or services, 
private investing (for anyone other than the Participant or Former 
Participant and members of the Participants or Former Participants 
family), merchant banking, asset or hedge fund management, securities 
brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading.

Firm means the Company and any Affiliated Company.

Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization, including 
a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality 
thereof.

Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind 
whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, 
encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or 
refrain from taking any action.

Soliciting Activity means to: directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit a 
Client to transact business with a Competitive Enterprise or to reduce or 
refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (2) interfere with or damage 
(or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm 
and a Client, or (3) Solicit any person who is an Employee to resign from 
the Firm or to apply for or accept employment with, or agree to perform 
services for, any Competitive Enterprise.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Participant or Former 
Participant incurs a Termination of Employment for Cause, at any time 
before the Stifel Deferral, Matching Credit or Other Deferral Accounts of 
such Participant is paid to him, all amounts credited to the Participants 
Stifel Deferral, Matching Credit or Other Deferral Accounts shall be 
forfeited, regardless of whether such amount is vested. In addition, a 
Participant shall forfeit nonvested amounts credited to the Participants 
Accounts that are not coded as Mandatory (M) or Elective (E) pursuant 
to Appendix A upon a Termination of Employment after Normal Retirement Age 
before such Accounts vest in accordance with Section 5.2, subject to 
restoration of forfeitures upon re-employment as provided in Section 5.5.
 
- 13 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.5.    Restoration of Forfeitures. Effective January 1, 2010, if a 
Participant or Former Participant who forfeits an amount credited to an 
Account in accordance with Section 5.4 on account of a Termination of 
Employment (other than a Termination of Employment for Cause) is rehired as 
an Eligible Employee within twelve months of such a Termination of 
Employment, the balance of an Account so forfeited shall be restored to an 
Account of the Participant with the same Type designation as the forfeited 
Account, and shall be subject to vesting schedules as if such Termination 
of Employment had not occurred. For purposes of determining the Years of 
Service for vesting of such a Participant, the time between such a 
Termination of Employment and the date of re-employment of the Participant 
shall be treated as a period of continuous employment with the Employer.

A Participant or Former Participant who forfeits an amount credited to an 
Account in accordance with Section 5.4 that is exempt from section 409A of 
the Internal Revenue Code (e.g., an amount payable within two and one-half 
months after the year in which the amount would have become vested) may 
request in writing a right to receive a payment in accordance with 
subsection 5.3(b) of an agreed upon amount, subject to compliance with the 
noncompetition provisions of Section 5.4 or an alternate agreement not to 
compete. Such a request shall be approved or disapproved by the CEO or the 
Committee, at his or its sole discretion, on a case by case basis.

5.6.    Non-Competition/Solicitation and Extended Vesting Provisions. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Type of Account is 
designated as a Non-Competition/Solicitation or NCS Type, then the 
following provision applies in lieu of the Section 5.3 Provisions:

If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before the Account 
becomes 100% vested, the unvested portion of such Account shall not be 
forfeited merely because of a Termination of Employment before the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates, but shall continue to vest on the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates so long as the Participant does not engage 
in a Competitive Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined in Section 
5.4, until such time; provided, however, that the unvested portion of such 
Account shall continue to vest on the relevant scheduled vesting date or 
dates regardless of whether Participant subsequently engages in a 
Competitive Activity or a Soliciting Activity if the Termination of 
Employment was by the Company (or any of its Affiliated Companies) and not 
for Cause.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Type of Account is 
designated as a Non-Competition/Solicitation No Exception or NCSNE 
Type, then the following provision applies in lieu of the Section 5.3 
Provisions:

If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before the Account 
becomes 100% vested, the unvested portion of such Account shall not be 
forfeited merely because of a Termination of Employment before the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates, but shall continue to vest on the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates so long as the Participant does not engage 
in a Competitive Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined in Section 
5.4, until such time.
 
- 14 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Type of Account is 
designated as an Extended Vesting Provisions Type, the provisions of 
Section 5.3 shall be inapplicable to such Account and the relevant 
scheduled vesting date or dates shall change upon the occurrence of a 
voluntary Termination of Employment (but not any other Termination of 
Employment) as follows:

If a Participant incurs, or gives notice of, a voluntary Termination of 
Employment, any scheduled vesting date or dates that otherwise would have 
occurred prior to the first anniversary of the date on which such voluntary 
Termination of Employment occurred shall be deferred until the first 
anniversary of the date on which such voluntary Termination of Employment 
occurred. Any prohibition from engaging in a Competitive Activity or a 
Soliciting Activity, as defined in Section 5.4, applicable to such Account 
shall continue to apply through such deferred vesting date. Any remaining 
portion of such Account that remains unvested after such first anniversary 
shall continue to vest on the originally scheduled vesting date or dates so 
long as the Participant does not engage in a Competitive Activity or a 
Soliciting Activity, as defined in Section 5.4, until such time.


ARTICLE VI  PHANTOM INVESTMENT

Each Participants Account shall consist of a cash subaccount and a stock 
unit subaccount. An amount equal to the total of the Elective Deferrals and 
Matching Credits shall be credited to the Participants stock unit 
subaccount. On or before the first day of each Plan Year, the Committee 
shall determine which portion of Stifel Deferrals shall be credited to a 
Participants cash subaccount and which portion shall be credited to a 
Participants stock unit subaccount; provided, however, that with respect 
to Participants not compensated primarily on a commission basis, the 
Committee may, on or before the date that Stifel Deferrals are credited to 
the Account of such a Participant, designate that all or a portion of 
Stifel Deferrals for such Participant shall be credited to the 
Participants cash subaccount with the remainder credited to the 
Participants stock unit subaccount. The Committees determination with 
respect to allocation of Stifel Deferrals between the cash subaccount and 
the stock unit subaccount shall apply to future Plan Years unless otherwise 
determined by the Committee.

Amounts credited to the stock unit subaccount shall be recorded as stock 
units.

A Participants stock unit subaccount shall be credited with stock units 
reflecting Stock with a value equal to the total dollar amount of Elective 
Deferrals, Stifel Deferrals and Matching Credits attributable to such 
subaccount. With respect to calendar year 2017, the value of stock units 
allocated to the Account of a Participant compensated primarily on a 
commission basis with respect to their monthly production shall be 
determined by the closing price of a share of Stock on
 
- 15 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the New York Stock Exchange as of the last trading day of the month to 
which that monthly production relates although the stock units will not be 
granted until the following calendar year. Commencing on January 1, 2018 
and thereafter, the value of the stock units allocated to the Account of a 
Participant compensated primarily on a commission basis with respect to 
their monthly production shall be determined by the Committee in its 
discretion. The value of stock units allocated to the Account of any other 
Participant shall be determined by the closing price of a share of Stock on 
the New York Stock Exchange as of the business day as of which such dollar 
amount is credited. Notwithstanding the above, the Committee in its 
discretion may establish a different pricing date for determining the value 
of stock units allocated to the Account of a Participant.

Each stock unit shall represent the obligation of the Company to transfer 
one share of Stock to the Participant or Former Participant at the time 
provided in Article VII, subject to the forfeiture provisions of this Plan. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee in its sole discretion may 
elect at the time of payment to settle each stock unit in cash or in Stock 
or in a combination of both.

If Stifel Financial Corp. pays a cash dividend on shares of Stock, the 
stock unit subaccount of each Participant shall be credited with a number 
of stock units equal to the amount of such dividend per share, multiplied 
by the number of stock units credited to such subaccount on record date of 
such dividend, and divided by the closing price of a share of Stock on the 
New York Stock Exchange as of the date such cash dividend is paid to 
shareholders of Stock.

In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of 
shares of Stock, merger, consolidation, spin-off, recapitalization or other 
distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Stifel Financial Corp. 
assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting shares of Stock or 
stock price, such proportionate adjustments, if any, as the Committee in 
its sole and absolute discretion may deem appropriate to reflect such 
change, shall be made with respect to the stock unit subaccount of the 
Participant.

Amounts credited to the cash subaccount shall deem to be invested in a 
Valuation Fund determined in accordance with procedures established by the 
Committee from time to time. A Participant may make investment directions 
on such Participants Deferral and Investment Election Form if permitted by 
the Committee. Any amounts credited to a Participants cash subaccount with 
respect to which a Participant does not provide investment direction shall 
be credited with earnings based on a default Valuation Fund determined by 
the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion. A Participants cash 
subaccount shall be adjusted periodically to reflect investment gains and 
losses on the deemed investment.

Each Valuation Fund shall reflect the rate of return on a predetermined 
actual investment or a reasonable rate of interest. The Valuation Funds are 
used solely to calculate the earnings or loss that is credited to each 
Participants Account, and not to represent any beneficial interest on the 
part of the Participant in the actual Fund or other property of the 
Employer. The determination of the increase or decrease in the performance 
of each Valuation Fund shall be made by the Committee in its reasonable 
discretion. If an award agreement does not specify the Valuation Fund for 
an Account, the Account shall be maintained as a stock unit subaccount.
 
- 16 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VII  DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS

7.1.    Designated Payment Date. Subject to the provisions of this Article 
VII (including earlier distribution upon death, disability or Termination 
of Employment), the balance of an Account of a Participant or Former 
Participant shall become payable immediately after the end of the Plan Year 
(unless another period is specified) as of which such amounts were 
designated to be paid in accordance with their Type (the Designated 
Payment Date) and shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 through 
7.10.

The Number of Years Until Payout associated with the Type applicable to an 
Account means the number of consecutive Plan Years beginning with the Plan 
Year for which an amount was credited to such Account and ending with the 
succeeding Plan Year designated for such Type.

If the Number of Years Until Payout applicable to an Account is designated 
as annual (e.g., Type RA), the portion of the Account that is vested at 
the end of each Plan Year while the Participant is still employed shall 
become payable immediately after the end of such Plan Year and shall be 
paid no later than two and one-half months after the end of such Plan Year. 
The balance of a cliff vesting Account that becomes fully vested as the end 
of the designated Plan Year while the Participant is still employed shall 
be paid no later than two and one-half months after the end of such Plan 
Year.

Notwithstanding the above, the award agreement for an Other Deferral may 
specify a specific payment date other than the last day of a Plan Year, in 
which case such an Account shall become payable on such date, and shall be 
paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 through 7.10.

7.2.    Payment of Benefits Upon Death. If a Participant or Former 
Participant whose employment with all Employers has not terminated dies 
before the complete distribution of one or more of his or her Accounts, the 
Participant or Former Participant shall become 100% vested in his Accounts; 
and the balance of such Accounts shall become payable to the Beneficiary of 
the Participant or Former Participant and shall be paid in accordance with 
Sections 7.8 through 7.10. Also, if a Participant or Former Participant 
whose employment with all Employers has terminated, but whose Account(s) 
have not yet become vested or are not yet forfeited (because of the 
extended vesting provisions of the Plan) dies before his or her Accounts 
have become vested or are forfeited, the Participant or Former Participant 
shall become 100% vested in his Accounts; and the balance of such Accounts 
shall become payable to the Beneficiary of the Participant or Former 
Participant and shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 through 7.10.

7.3.    Payment of Benefits Upon Disability. If a Participant or Former 
Participant incurs a Termination of Employment on account of a Disability 
before the complete distribution of his Accounts, the Participant or the 
Former Participant shall become 100% vested in his or her Accounts; and the 
balance of such Accounts shall become payable upon such a Termination of 
Employment and shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 through 7.10.

7. 4.    Payment of Benefits Upon Retirement. If a Participant or Former 
Participant incurs a Termination of Employment after attaining his or her 
Normal Retirement Age before all or a portion of an Account of the 
Participant that is coded as Mandatory (M) or Elective (E)
 
- 17 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pursuant to Appendix A becomes vested under another Section of the Plan, 
the Participant or Former Participant shall become 100% vested in the 
portion of such Account that was unvested at such Termination of Employment 
on the first anniversary of the Participants, or Former Participants, 
Normal Retirement Date, provided that the Participant or Former Participant 
does not experience a forfeiture under Article V within the one-year 
period after the Participants Normal Retirement Date. The portion of such 
Participants Account that was fully vested on the date of the 
Participants Termination of Employment shall be become payable upon such 
Termination of Employment and shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 
through 7.10 (including the six month delay prescribed in Section 7.9). The 
portion of the Account of a Participant or Former Participant that becomes 
vested on the first anniversary of the Participants, or Former 
Participants, Normal Retirement Date, shall become payable:

(a)    for an Account relating to an award made before February 5, 2013, 
immediately after the end of the Plan Year in which such amounts became 
vested; or

(b)    for an Account relating to an award made on or after February 5, 
2013, immediately upon the date such amounts become vested; and shall be 
paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 through 7.10; provided, however, that 
awards granted prior to the 2010 Amendment and Restatement of the Plan will 
continue to be subject to the corresponding terms of the plan documents in 
effect at the time the award was granted.

7.5.    Payment of Benefits Upon Termination of Employment Prior to Death, 
Disability or Retirement. If a Participant or Former Participant incurs a 
Termination of Employment before his or her death, Disability, Normal 
Retirement Age or the Designated Payment Date of one or more of his or her 
Accounts or incurs a Termination of Employment after his or her Normal 
Retirement Age in the case of an Account that is not coded as Mandatory 
(M) or Elective (E) pursuant to Appendix A, the vested portion of the 
balance of the Participants or Former Participants Accounts shall become 
payable and shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7.8 through 7.10 
(including the six month delay prescribed in Section 7.9). Any portion of 
such Accounts that is not vested as of the date of the Participants or 
Former Participants Termination of Employment shall be forfeited, except 
as provided in Section 5.3.

Previously forfeited amounts that are restored to an Account in accordance 
with Section 5.5 (Participants rehired within twelve months), shall be 
payable as if the Termination of Employment that caused such forfeiture had 
not occurred; provided that amounts that would have been payable to the 
Participant as of a Designated Payment Date that occurred after such 
Termination of Employment and before the date of re-employment shall be 
paid before the end of the Plan Year in which the Participant is 
re-employed (i.e., within the same calendar year in which the amount would 
have been paid if the Termination of Employment had not occurred).

7.6.    Adjustment for Investment Gains and Losses Upon a Distribution. 
Upon a distribution pursuant to this Article VII, the balance of a 
Participants or Former Participants Account shall be determined as of the 
month-end valuation date immediately preceding the date of the distribution 
and shall be adjusted for investment gains and losses that have accrued to 
the date of distribution but which have not been credited.
 
- 18 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.7    Right of Offset. Upon a distribution pursuant to this Article VII, 
the Committee shall have the right to offset the balance of a Participants 
or Former Participants Account (as determined in accordance with Section 
7.6) by any or all amounts that such Participant or Former Participant owes 
the Employer.

7.8.    Form of Payment of Distributable Benefit. The cash subaccount of a 
Participants or Former Participants Account shall be distributed in a 
cash lump sum and the stock unit subaccount shall be distributed, in shares 
of Stock, with cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional shares 
rounded up to the next whole share; provided, however, that in the sole 
discretion of the Committee, a Participants or Former Participants stock 
unit subaccount may be settled in cash. Shares of Stock shall be paid from 
the available shares of Stock in any Employer employee incentive plan, 
other shareholder-approved stock plan maintained by the Company or an 
Affiliate, the treasury or open market purchases, as determined by the 
Committee.

7.9.    Six Month Deferral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Article VII, a payment on account of Termination of Employment may not 
be made until at least six months after such a Termination of Employment. 
Any payment otherwise due in such six month period shall be suspended and 
become payable at the end of such six month period.

7.10.    Actual Date of Payment. An amount payable on a date specified in 
this Article VII shall be paid as soon as administratively feasible after 
such date; but no later than the later of (a) the end of the calendar year 
in which the specified date occurs; or (b) the fifteenth day of the third 
calendar month following such specified date, provided the Participant (or 
Beneficiary) is not permitted to designate the taxable year of the payment; 
provided that, an amount that becomes payable at vesting shall be paid no 
later than March 15 following the calendar year in which the amount becomes 
vested. The payment date may be postponed further if calculation of the 
amount of the payment is not administratively practicable due to events 
beyond the control of the Participant (or Beneficiary), and the payment is 
made in the first calendar year in which the calculation of the amount of 
the payment is administratively practicable.


ARTICLE VIII  ADMINISTRATION

8.1.    Committee. The Plan shall be administered by a Committee. The 
Committee shall be responsible for the general operation and administration 
of the Plan and for carrying out the provisions thereof.

The Committee shall consist of one or more employees of the Employer 
appointed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Chief 
Executive Officer may change such appointments from time to time provided 
that such changes are prescribed in writing to the extent of enabling 
interested parties to ascertain the person or persons responsible for 
operating the Plan. In absence of such an appointment, the Chief Executive 
Officer shall serve as the plan administrator.
 
- 19 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Committee may appoint one or more of its members to carry out any 
particular duty or duties or to execute any and all documents. Any 
documents so executed shall have the same effect as if executed by all such 
persons. Such appointment shall be made by an instrument in writing that 
specifies which duties and powers are so allocated and to whom each such 
duty or power is so allocated.

The Committee or plan administrator may delegate to any employees or agents 
who are not members of the Committee such duties and powers, both 
ministerial and discretionary, as it deems appropriate.

8.2.    General Powers of Administration. The Committee shall have all 
powers necessary or appropriate to enable it to carry out its 
administrative duties. Not in limitation, but in application of the 
foregoing, the Committee shall have the duty and power to interpret the 
Plan and determine all questions that may arise hereunder as to the status 
and rights of Eligible Employees, Participants, Former Participants and 
Beneficiaries. The Committee may exercise the powers hereby granted in its 
sole and absolute discretion. No member of the Committee shall be 
personally liable for any actions taken by the Committee unless the 
members action involves willful misconduct.

8.3.    Indemnification of Committee. The Company shall indemnify the 
members of the Committee against any and all claims, losses, damages, 
expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by them, and any liability, 
including any amounts paid in settlement with their approval, arising from 
their action or failure to act, except when the same is judicially 
determined to be attributable to their gross negligence or willful 
misconduct.

8.4.    Claims for Benefits. A Participant, Former Participant or 
Beneficiary may claim any benefit to which he or she is entitled under this 
Plan by a written notice to the Committee. If a claim is denied, it must be 
denied within a reasonable period of time, and be contained in a written 
notice stating the following:

(a)    The specific reason for the denial.

(b)    Specific reference to the Plan provision on which the denial is 
based.

(c)    Description of additional information necessary for the claimant to 
present his claim, if any, and an explanation of why such material is 
necessary.

(d)    An explanation of the Plans claims review procedure.

The claimant will have sixty days to request a review of the denial by the 
Committee, which will provide a full and fair review. The request for 
review must be in writing delivered to the Committee. The claimant may 
review pertinent documents, and he may submit issues and comments in 
writing. The decision by the Committee with respect to the review must be 
given within sixty days after receipt of the request, unless special 
circumstances require an extension (such as for a hearing). In no event 
shall the decision be delayed beyond 120 days after receipt of the request 
for review. The decision shall be written in a manner calculated to be 
understood by the claimant, and it shall include specific reasons and refer 
to specific Plan provisions as to its effect.
 
- 20 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.5.    Written Requirements. The requirement that any action be in writing 
may be satisfied by electronic media reasonably accessible to interested 
parties.


ARTICLE IX  AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

The Compensation Committee of the Board may, at any time or from time to 
time, modify or amend in whole or in part any or all provisions of the 
Plan. In addition, the Compensation Committee of the Board reserves the 
right and may terminate the Plan in whole or in part, subject to the 
restrictions set forth in Treas. Reg. §1.409A-3(j)(4), but such termination 
shall not affect the Deferral and Investment Election Forms then in effect, 
except that no additional Earnings may be deferred by Participants to the 
Plan after the date of termination of the Plan.

A termination of the Plan must comply with the provisions of section 409A 
of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder, 
including, but not limited to, restrictions on the timing of final 
distributions and the adoption of future deferred compensation 
arrangements.

Upon termination of the Plan, no additional contributions shall be made to 
the Plan by a Participant and the Employer, and benefits will vest in 
accordance with the terms set forth in Article V and shall be distributed 
in accordance with the terms set forth in Article VII.


ARTICLE X  GENERAL PROVISIONS

10.1.    Non-Alienation of Benefits. No right or benefit under the Plan 
shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, 
encumbrance, or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, 
assign, pledge, encumber, or change any right or benefit under this Plan 
shall be void. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable 
for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of the person 
entitled to such benefits. If the Participant, Former Participant or 
Beneficiary becomes bankrupt, or attempts to anticipate, alienate, sell, 
assign, pledge, encumber, or change any right hereunder, then such right or 
benefit shall, in the discretion of the Committee, cease and terminate, and 
in such event, the Committee may hold or apply the same or any part thereof 
for the benefit of the Participant, Former Participant or Beneficiary, 
spouse, children, or other dependents, or any of them in such manner and in 
such amounts and proportions as the Committee may deem proper.

Distribution pursuant to a domestic relations order of all or any portion 
of the Participants Benefit Amount may be paid to an Alternate Payee (as 
defined in section 414(p) of the Code) who is a former spouse in an amount 
specified in such domestic relations order in a lump-sum cash payment as 
soon as administratively feasible after the Plan Administrator determines 
that the order is a domestic relations order (as defined in section 
414(p)(1)(B) of the Code).
 
- 21 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.2.    Source of Payment. Participants and Participants Beneficiaries 
shall be unsecured general creditors, with no secured or preferential 
rights to any assets of the Employer or any other party for payment of 
benefits under this Plan. Any property held by the Employer for the purpose 
of generating the cash flow for payment of benefits shall remain as 
general, unpledged, and unrestricted assets. The Employers obligation 
under this Plan shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in 
the future.

Benefits payable by any corporation or other entity included in the 
definition of the Employer shall be paid by such entity out of its general 
assets. The obligation to pay benefits allocated to the Account of a 
Participant under this Plan shall be the obligation of the respective 
Employer of the Participant for whom the Participant performed the services 
to which such deferred compensation was attributable. A Participant shall 
not have any rights with respect to payment of benefits from any Employer 
under this Plan other than the unsecured right to receive payments from 
such Employer.

10.3.    Subordination of Obligations. The obligations of the Employers 
under this Plan shall be subordinate in right of payment and subject to the 
prior payment or provision for payment in full of all claims of all other 
present and future creditors of each such respective Employer whose claims 
are not similarly subordinated and to claims which are now or hereafter 
expressly stated in the instruments creating such claims to be senior in 
right of payment to the claims of the class of this claim arising out of 
any matter occurring prior to the date on which such Employers obligation 
to make such payment matures consistent with the provisions hereof. Claims 
hereunder shall rank pari passu with claims similarly subordinated. As a 
condition of participating in this Plan, the Committee may require a 
Participant to sign a subordination agreement, such as a form required by 
FINRA or other regulatory agency for purposes of increasing the Employers 
capital, or any similar form.

10.4.    Contractual Right to Benefits Funding. The Plan creates and vests 
in each Participant a contractual right only to the benefits to which he is 
entitled hereunder, enforceable by the Participant against the Employer. 
The benefits to which a Participant, Former Participant or Beneficiary, as 
the case may be, is entitled under the Plan shall be paid from the general 
assets of the Employer.

10.5.    No Employment Agreement. The Plan is not a contract of employment, 
and participation in the Plan shall not confer on any employee the right to 
be retained in the employ of the Employer or any Affiliated Company. The 
right of a Participant or Former Participant to a distribution under the 
Plan is intended as a supplemental component of the overall employment 
agreement between the Employer and the Participant.

10.6.    Successor to Company. The Employer shall require any successor or 
assignee, whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or 
otherwise, to all or substantially all the business or assets of the 
Employer, expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the 
Employers obligations under this Plan, in the same manner and to the same 
extent that the Employer would be required to perform. Accordingly, this 
Plan and the related Deferral and Investment Election Forms shall be 
binding upon, and the term Employer shall include any successor or 
assignee to the business or assets of the Employer.
 
- 22 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.7.    Severability. In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held 
invalid or illegal for any reason, any illegality or invalidity shall not 
affect the remaining parts of the Plan, but the Plan shall be construed and 
enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted, 
and the Company shall have the privilege and opportunity to correct and 
remedy such questions of illegality or invalidity by amendment as provided 
in the Plan.

10.8.    Entire Plan. This document and any amendments contain all the 
terms and provisions of the Plan and shall constitute the entire Plan, any 
other alleged terms or provisions being of no effect.

10.9.    Interpretation and Governing Law. The terms and provisions of this 
Plan shall be construed according to the principles, and in the priority, 
as follows: first, in accordance with the meaning under, and which will 
bring the Plan into conformity with, section 409A of the Code; and 
secondly, in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri. The Plan 
shall be deemed to contain the provisions necessary to comply with such 
laws. If any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid, the 
remaining provisions of this Plan shall be construed as if such provision 
had never been included. Wherever applicable, the masculine pronoun as used 
herein shall include the feminine, and the singular shall include the 
plural. The term profit shall mean profit or loss, as the case may be, and 
the term credit shall mean credit or charge, as the case may be.

The Plan and all awards granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or 
otherwise be exempt from, Code section 409A. The Plan and all Awards 
granted under the Plan shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in 
a manner consistent with Code section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid 
the imposition of additional taxes under Code section 409A(a)(1)(B). Should 
any provision of the Plan, any Award Agreement, or any other agreement or 
arrangement contemplated by the Plan be found not to comply with, or 
otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Code section 409A, such 
provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), 
in the sole discretion of the Committee, and without the consent of the 
holder of the Award, in such manner as the Committee determines to be 
necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption 
from, Code section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the 
contrary, in no event shall the Committee exercise its discretion to 
accelerate the payment or settlement of an award where such payment or 
settlement constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Code 
section 409A unless, and solely to the extent that, such accelerated 
payment or settlement is permissible under Treasury Regulation section 
1.409A-3(j)(4) or any successor provision.

10.10.    Withholding. The Employer shall withhold from amounts due under 
this Plan, the amount necessary to enable the Employer to remit to the 
appropriate government entity or entities on behalf of the Participant as 
may be required by the federal income tax withholding provisions of the 
Code, by an applicable states income tax, or by an applicable city, county 
or municipalitys earnings or income tax act. The Employer shall withhold 
from the payroll of, or collect from, a Participant the amount necessary to 
remit on behalf of the Participant any FICA taxes which may be required 
with respect to amounts accrued by a Participant hereunder, as determined 
by the Company.

10.11.    Forum Selection. Any claim or action filed in court or any other 
tribunal in connection with the Plan by or on behalf of a Participant or 
Beneficiary shall be brought or filed only
 
- 23 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, 
or if that Court does not or would not have subject matter jurisdiction 
over the claim asserted, then such claim or action shall be filed only in 
the Circuit Court of St. Louis County, Missouri.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Stifel Financial Corp. has caused this Instrument to be 
executed by its duly authorized officer as authorized by its Board of 
Directors this 6th day of February, 2017.
 
STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark P. Fisher
Title: 	  	Corporate Secretary
 
- 24 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX A

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.
WEALTH ACCUMULATION PLAN

TYPES OF DEFERRED COMPENSATION OPPORTUNITIES

The Types of each Deferred Compensation Opportunities is reflected in 
Accounts in accordance with the following codes that determine the 
underlying terms, including vesting and delivery (payment) dates.

TYPE: Admin Deferral (A-), Board Grant (BG-), FA Deferral (FA-), IS 
Deferral (IS-), Non-Competition/Solicitation (NCS-), 
Non-Competition/Solicitation No Exception (NCSNE-)

TERM: A period expressed in years (or fractions thereof) that ranges up to 
15 years (#)

DESCRIPTION: Mandatory (M), Elective (E), Hiring Grant (this category is 
the default and has no associated code)

VESTING/DELIVERY: Ratable Vesting and Ratable Delivery (RA), Ratable 
Vesting and Cliff Delivery (R), Cliff Vesting and Cliff Delivery (C), Fully 
Vested and Cliff Delivery (V)

MATCHING PERCENTAGE: A matching award is associated with the subject award 
(CM#). For example, a 25% matching award would have the code CM25.

OTHER FEATURES: Extended Vesting Provisions (EVP)

Examples of awards:

A-3 R is an Admin deferral hiring grant that vests ratably over three 
years and is cliff delivered with no match.

A-5 M RA CM25 is an Admin deferral mandatory award that vests ratably 
over 5 years and is delivered ratably with a 25% matching award.

FA-7 C is an FA deferral that cliff vests after 7 years and is cliff 
delivered with no match.

NCS-5 RA EVP is a hiring grant that vests ratably over 5 years and is 
delivered ratably, with non-competition/solicitation obligations (but no 
service condition), extended vesting provisions and no match.
 
- 25 -