 EX-10 7 filename7.htm
Exhibit 10.6

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO

Rules of the 2007

Long Term Incentive Plan

Adopted by a resolution of the
Board of Directors of
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
on 26 February 2007 and approved by Shareholders
at the Annual General Meeting held on 26 April 2007
and amended by the Board on 11 January 2008
and amended by the Board on 22 February 2011 and
approved by Shareholders at the
Annual General Meeting held on 28 April 2011
and amended by the Board on 24 February 2014
and amended by the Board on 23 February 2015

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 1.
   	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 	   	  	1 	 
 2.
   	GRANT OF AWARDS 	   	  	2 	 
 3.
   	SOURCE OF SHARES 	   	  	3 	 
 4.
   	TRANSFER OF SHARES TO PARTICIPANTS 	   	  	4 	 
 4A.
   	CLAW-BACK 	   	  	7 	 
 5.
   	TAKEOVER, RECONSTRUCTION AND WINDING-UP 	   	  	9 	 
 6.
   	VARIATION OF CAPITAL 	   	  	10 	 
 6A.
   	VESTED SHARE ACCOUNTS 	   	  	10 	 
 7.
   	ALTERATIONS 	   	  	10 	 
 8.
   	MISCELLANEOUS 	   	  	11 	 
 APPENDIX 1: US SUB-PLAN 14
   	  	13 	 
 APPENDIX 2: CLAW-BACK
   	  	15 	 
 SCHEDULE: PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS
   	  	17 	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. 	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
 
(1) 	In this Plan, unless the context otherwise requires:-

the Allocation Date means the date on which the Company granted an Award;

Allocated Shares means any shares which are comprised in an Award (and 
which have not been transferred, renounced or forfeited in accordance with 
the Rules of the Plan);

Award means a conditional option to receive shares in the Company on the 
terms specified in the Plan;

the Board means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of 
the Board;

Claw-back means the repayment of value by a Participant to the Company 
(or another Group Company) in accordance with the provisions of Rule 4A and 
Appendix 2;

the Company means British American Tobacco plc (registered in England and 
Wales No. 3407696)

Control has the meaning given to it by section 995 of the Income Tax Act 
2007;

Financial Year means a financial year of the Company within the meaning 
of section 390 of the Companies Act 2006;

Internal Reorganisation any event, scheme or arrangement whereby another 
company (the Acquiring Company) obtains Control of the Company and 
immediately afterwards all or substantially all of the issued equity share 
capital of the Acquiring Company is owned directly or indirectly, in 
substantially the same proportions, by the persons who held the issued 
equity share capital of the Company immediately prior to such event, scheme 
or arrangement;

the London Stock Exchange means the London Stock Exchange plc;

Participant means a person who is granted an Award under the Plan 
including (where the context so admits) the personal representatives of a 
person who has died since the grant of an Award;

Participating Company means the Company or any Subsidiary;

the Performance Conditions means the conditions specified in the Schedule 
or such other conditions as the Remuneration Committee may have specified 
on the Allocation Date;

the Performance Period means the three consecutive Financial Years of 
which the first is the Financial Year in which the Allocation Date falls 
(or such shorter period as may be specified in Rules 4 or 5 below);

the Plan means The British American Tobacco 2007 Long Term Incentive Plan 
as herein set out but subject to any alterations made under Rule 7 below;
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quarter Day means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September or 31 December;

Remuneration Committee means the Remuneration Committee of the Board;

Subsidiary means a body corporate which is a subsidiary of the Company 
within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006;

the Trustees means the trustees or trustee for the time being of any 
employee trust established by the Company from time to time for the benefit 
of (inter alia) employees of Participating Companies;

UK Listing Authority means the Financial Services Authority as the 
competent authority for listing in the United Kingdom under Part VI of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000;

Vesting Date means the third anniversary of the Allocation Date or, if 
earlier, the date on which an Award becomes exercisable pursuant to 
sub-rule 4(1) or 4(2); and

Vested Shares means Allocated Shares in respect of which the Performance 
Conditions have been satisfied.
 
(2) 	Any reference in the Plan to any enactment includes a reference to 
that enactment as from time to time modified extended or re-enacted.
 
(3) 	Where the context permits, the singular includes the plural and vice 
versa and the masculine includes the feminine.
 
2. 	GRANT OF AWARDS
 
(1) 	Subject to sub-rules (2), (5), (7) and (8) below, the Board may grant 
an Award to any employee of a Participating Company (including an employee 
who is also a director) upon the terms set out in the Plan and upon such 
other terms as the Board may specify.
 
(2) 	Awards may only be granted within the period of six weeks following an 
announcement of the Companys results for any period or at any other time 
if the Board considers that there are exceptional circumstances which 
justify the grant of one or more Awards at that time. No Awards may be 
granted after more than 10 years after the date the Plan was adopted by the 
Company.
 
(3) 	No payment for the grant or exercise of an Award shall be made by a 
Participant and accordingly any Award shall be granted by deed.
 
(4) 	An Award granted to a Participant:
 
  	(a) 	shall not, except as provided in Rule 4(2)(a) below, be capable of 
being transferred by him; and
 
  	(b) 	shall be forfeited by him forthwith if he is adjudged bankrupt.
 
(5) 	The number of shares which may be conditionally allocated to an 
employee in respect of each Performance Period shall not exceed such number 
as has an aggregate market value equal to 400 per cent. of his basic salary
.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(6) 	For the purposes of sub-rule (5) above:-
 
  	(a) 	the market value of the shares shall be taken to be the closing mid 
market price of such shares (as derived from the London Stock Exchange 
Daily Official List) on either the dealing day immediately preceding the 
Allocation Date or the average of several dealings within 30 days preceding 
the Allocation Date, as determined by the Remuneration Committee; and
 
  	(b) 	an employees basic salary shall be his basic pay (excluding 
bonuses and benefits in kind) expressed as an annual rate, payable to him 
by the Participating Companies as at the first day of the Financial Year in 
which the Allocation Date falls (or, where the Participant was not employed 
by a Participating Company on such date, as at the Allocation Date).
 
(7) 	The Remuneration Committee shall be responsible for supervising the 
operation of the Plan; no Awards may be made under the Plan until they have 
been approved by the Remuneration Committee, and any changes to the rules 
of the Plan or the operation of the Performance Conditions must be approved 
by the Remuneration Committee.
 
(8) 	The grant of any Award under the Plan shall be subject to the 
provisions of the Model Code published by the UK Listing Authority and to 
obtaining any approval or consent required under the provisions of the 
Listing Rules published by the UK Listing Authority or the City Code on 
Takeovers and Mergers, or of any regulation or enactment applicable to such 
grant.
 
3. 	SOURCE OF SHARES
 
(1) 	The maximum number of shares which may be allocated under the Plan on 
any day shall not, when added to the aggregate of the number of shares 
which have been allocated in the previous 10 years under the Plan and under 
any other discretionary employees share scheme adopted by the Company, 
exceed such number as represents 5 per cent of the ordinary share capital 
of the Company in issue immediately prior to that day.
 
(2) 	The maximum number of shares which may be allocated under the Plan on 
any day shall not, when added to the aggregate of the number of shares 
which have been allocated in the previous 10 years under the Plan and under 
any other employees share scheme adopted by the Company, exceed such 
number as represents 10 per cent of the ordinary share capital of the 
Company in issue immediately prior to that day.
 
(3) 	In determining the limits in sub-rules (1) and (2), no account shall 
be taken of any allocations where the right to acquire shares was released, 
lapsed or otherwise became incapable of vesting.
 
(4) 	References in this Rule 3 to the allocation of shares shall mean:
 
  	(a) 	in the case of any share option scheme:
 
  	(i) 	the placing of unissued shares under option; and
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(ii) 	in so far as not taken into account under (i) above, any 
subscription for shares which are issued for the purpose of satisfying any 
option; and
 
  	(b) 	in relation to other types of employees share scheme, the issue 
and allotment of shares,

and references to allocated shall be construed accordingly.
 
(5) 	References in this Rule 3 to the issue and allotment of shares shall 
include the transfer of shares from treasury and the subscription of shares 
by the Trustees.
 
(6) 	References in these Rules to the transfer of shares to a Participant 
(or, where the context requires, to the Participants personal 
representatives) shall be read to include the issue of shares to the 
Participant (or to his personal representatives).
 
(7) 	The Company and its Subsidiaries may provide funds to the Trustees to 
enable the Trustees to purchase existing shares in the Company for the 
purpose of the Plan, provided that no funds may be provided to enable the 
Trustees to acquire shares in the Company if such acquisition would result 
in the Trustees holding more than 5 per cent. of the ordinary share capital 
of the Company in issue at that time.
 
4. 	TRANSFER OF SHARES TO PARTICIPANTS
 
(1) 	Subject to sub-rules (2) to (7) and Rule 5 below, an Award shall be 
exercisable from the third anniversary of the Allocation Date up until the 
day before the tenth anniversary of the Allocation Date, provided that the 
Board may at its absolute discretion permit a Participant to exercise an 
Award prior to the third anniversary of the Allocation Date if he is to be 
transferred to work in another country and the Board consider that it would 
be appropriate to allow the exercise of the Award in the light of local tax 
or securities laws.
 
(2) 	If any Participant:
 
  	(a) 	dies either at a time when he is a director or an employee of a 
Participating Company or at a time when he is entitled to exercise an Award 
pursuant to sub-rule (2)(b) below, then the Award shall be exercisable 
immediately, provided that, where the death occurs before the third 
anniversary of the Allocation Date, the extent to which the Award may be 
exercised shall be determined by reference to the operation of the 
Performance Conditions; and the extent to which the Performance Conditions 
have been satisfied shall be determined by the Board (at its absolute 
discretion) as at the Quarter Day before he died;
 
  	(b) 	ceases to be a director or an employee of a Participating Company 
by reason of injury, illness, disability, redundancy (within the meaning of 
the Employment Rights Act 1996) or for any other reason at the discretion 
of the Board, then:
 
  	(1) 	for all Participants other than members of the Board of Directors 
and the Management Board (each as constituted from time to time), an Award 
shall be exercisable immediately, provided that, where such cessation 
occurs
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 before the third anniversary of the Allocation Date, the extent to 
which the Award may be exercised shall be determined by reference to the 
operation of the Performance Conditions; and the extent to which the 
Performance Conditions have been satisfied shall be determined by the Board 
(at its absolute discretion) as at the Quarter Day before he so ceased; 
provided further that, where the Award becomes exercisable within three 
years of the Allocation Date as a result of the Participants redundancy, 
or where the Board exercises its discretion to allow exercise, the number 
of Allocated Shares in respect of which the Award may be exercised shall be 
reduced (unless the Board determines that this is not appropriate in the 
circumstances) to a pro rata number on the basis of the time which has 
elapsed from the Allocation Date to the date of cessation of employment 
(rounded up to the nearest whole month) as compared to three years; and
 
  	(2) 	for Participants who are, at the time of such cessation, members of 
the Board of Directors and the Management Board (each as constituted from 
time to time), an Award shall be exercisable from the third anniversary of 
the Allocation Date, as shall be determined by reference to the operation 
of the Performance Conditions; provided that, where the Participant ceases 
to be a director or an employee of a Participating Company by reason of the 
Participants redundancy, or where the Board exercises its discretion to 
allow exercise, the number of Allocated Shares in respect of which the 
Award may be exercised shall be reduced (unless the Board determines that 
this is not appropriate in the circumstances) to a pro rata number on the 
basis of the time which has elapsed from the Allocation Date to the date of 
cessation of employment (rounded up to the nearest whole month) as compared 
to three years.
 
(3) 	A Participant shall not be treated for the purposes of sub-rule (2) 
above as ceasing to be a director or an employee of a Participating Company 
until such time as he is no longer a director or employee of any of the 
Participating Companies, and a female Participant who ceases to be such a 
director or employee by reason of pregnancy or confinement and who 
exercises her right to return to work under the Employment Rights Act 1996 
before an Award has lapsed shall be treated for those purposes as not 
having ceased to be such a director or employee.
 
(4) 	Subject to sub-rules (5), (6) and (7) below:
 
  	(a) 	unless sub-rule (2) above applies, the Award may (and must, if at 
all) be exercised by the Participant giving notice in writing to the 
Company at any time from the date the Vested Shares are capable of being 
transferred up to and including the day before the tenth anniversary of the 
Allocation Date, and unless the Board decides otherwise, any such notice 
shall have effect only on receipt by the Company;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	if a Participant dies, the Award may (and must, if at all) be 
exercised by the personal representatives of the deceased Participant 
giving notice in writing to the Company to the extent permitted by sub-rule 
(2) above during the 12 month period beginning with the date of his death, 
but not after the day before the tenth anniversary of the Allocation Date;
 
  	(c) 	if a Participant ceases to be a director or an employee in the 
circumstances specified in sub-rule (2) above (other than death), the Award 
may (and must, if at all) be exercised by the Participant giving notice in 
writing to the Company to the extent permitted by those sub-rules within:
 
  	(1) 	in the case of sub-rule (2)(b)(1) above, the 6 month period after 
the date he so ceases, but not after the day before the tenth anniversary 
of the Allocation Date; and
 
  	(2) 	in the case of sub-rule (2)(b)(1) above, the 6 month period 
following the third anniversary of the Allocation Date, but not after the 
day before the tenth anniversary of the Allocation Date;
 
  	(d) 	within 30 days after an Award has been exercised in accordance with 
this sub-rule (45), the Company shall procure the transfer to the 
Participant (or his nominee) of the number of shares in respect of which 
the Award has been validly exercised. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
person is not entitled to any dividend or other right or benefit paid or 
payable on a share by reference to a record date before the Participant (or 
his nominee) is registered as the holder of a share; and
 
  	(e) 	notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan (including 
sub-rules (5), (6) and (7)), an Award may not be exercised after the period 
of ten years beginning with the Allocation Date (or such shorter period as 
the Board may specify on the Allocation Date).
 
(5) 	No transfer of shares shall be made under the Plan if the Board 
considers that it would not be lawful or practicable in the relevant 
jurisdiction and in any such case the Board may (at its absolute 
discretion) decide that instead of receiving shares the Participant shall 
instead receive a cash sum equal to the value of the shares (calculated by 
reference to the middle market quotation of the shares on the dealing day 
preceding the date the Award was exercised, as derived from the London 
Stock Exchange Daily Official List) less such deductions as the Board may 
decide are reasonable or necessary on account of any tax and/or social 
security contributions.
 
(6) 	In a case where any company is obliged to account for any tax and/or 
any social security contributions recoverable from a Participant (together, 
the Tax Liability) for which that Participant is liable by virtue of the 
transfer of Vested Shares, the Company shall not be obliged to procure the 
transfer of the shares unless it or the Participants employing company has 
received on or prior to the transfer of the Vested Shares payment from the 
Participant of an amount not less than the Tax Liability or unless that 
Participant has entered into arrangements acceptable to the Participants 
employing company to ensure that such a payment is made (whether by 
authorising the sale of some or all of the shares on his behalf and the 
payment to the employing company of an amount equal to the Tax Liability 
out of the proceeds of sale or otherwise).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(7) 	The exercise of an Award and the transfer of any shares under the Plan 
shall be subject to the provisions of the Model Code published by the UK 
Listing Authority and to obtaining any approval or consent referred to in 
sub-rule 2(8). Where the transfer of shares pursuant to an Award is 
prohibited pursuant to the Model Code at any time, such transfer shall 
instead take place as soon as reasonably practicable after it is no longer 
prohibited by the Model Code.
 
(8) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after the end of each Performance 
Period, the Board will notify Participants of the extent to which the 
Performance Conditions have been satisfied in respect of that Performance 
Period and of the number of Vested Shares.
 
(9) 	The Remuneration Committee may, at its discretion, determine that the 
Participant shall be paid an amount equivalent to the dividends that the 
Participant would have received over the period from the Allocation Date to 
the Vesting Date in respect of those Allocated Shares comprised in an Award 
(or part thereof) which becomes exercisable. No dividend equivalent amount 
shall be paid under this sub-rule (10) in respect of Allocated Shares 
comprised in the whole or any part of an Award which cannot be exercised. 
Any dividend equivalent amount calculated pursuant to this sub-rule (9) 
shall be paid in respect of the Award to which it relates on, or as soon as 
reasonably practicable following, the relevant Vesting Date, subject to 
such deductions as the Board may decide are reasonable or necessary on 
account of any tax and/or social security contributions.
 
(10) 	The number of Allocated Shares comprised in an Award granted on or 
after 28 April 2011 may be reduced at any time prior to the Vesting Date 
(including with the effect that the Award may be forfeited in full) to the 
extent that the Remuneration Committee determines that there has been a 
material misrepresentation by any person in relation to the performance of 
the Company and/or the Participant, on the basis of which the Remuneration 
Committee made its determination as to the extent to which any prior Award 
granted to the Participant vested (the Prior Vested Award), and which the 
Remuneration Committee considers justifies such reduction. Such material 
misrepresentation may include (but shall not be limited to): (i) a 
misstatement of the financial results and/or health of the Company; (ii) an 
erroneous calculation in relation to the Companys results or other 
performance benchmark; (iii) errors in the Companys financial statements; 
or (iv) discrepancies in the financial accounts, whether or not arising 
from fraud or reckless behaviour on the part of any director or employee of 
the Company or any Participating Company (in each case in respect of any 
Financial Year comprising the Performance Period relating to the Prior 
Vested Award).
 
4A. 	CLAW-BACK

Claw-back events
 
(1) 	In respect of an Award granted on or after 23 February 2015, the 
Remuneration Committee may at any time prior to the second anniversary of 
the Vesting Date of the Award determine that a Claw-back shall apply in 
respect of the Award if the Remuneration Committee determines that:
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(a) 	there has been a material misrepresentation in relation to the 
performance of any Participating Company, relevant business unit and/or the 
Participant on the basis of which the extent to which the Award vested was 
determined (which may include, but shall not be limited to: (i) a 
misstatement of the financial results and/or health of any Participating 
Company; (ii) an erroneous calculation in relation to any Participating 
Companys results or other performance benchmark; (iii) errors in any 
Participating Companys financial statements; or (iv) discrepancies in the 
financial accounts, and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding that 
such misrepresentation may not arise from fraud or reckless behaviour); or
 
  	(b) 	an erroneous calculation was made in assessing the extent to which 
the
  	Award 	vested,

and, in either case, the Award vested in respect of a greater number of 
Shares than would have been the case had there not been such a 
misrepresentation or had such error not been made.
 
(2) 	In respect of an Award granted on or after 23 February 2015, the 
Remuneration Committee may at any time (whether before or after the Vesting 
Date) determine that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of the Award where 
the Participant is found to have committed at any time prior to the Vesting 
Date, including prior to grant of the Award, an act or omission which 
justifies, or in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee would have 
justified, summary dismissal or service of notice of termination of office 
or employment on the grounds of misconduct.


Applying Claw-back
 
(3) 	A Claw-back shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of 
Appendix 2 (Operation of Claw-back).


Lapse of Awards to give effect to claw-back of other awards
 
(4) 	By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges that the 
Remuneration Committee may lapse any Award granted on or after 23 February 
2015 to such extent as it determines to be necessary (including in full) in 
order to give effect to a claw-back under the terms of the Plan or any 
other employees share scheme or bonus scheme operated from time to time by 
any Participating Company.


No Claw-back following a Takeover
 
(5) 	A Claw-back shall not apply at any time following any of the events 
described in Rule 5(1), save where such event is an Internal Reorganisation 
or where the determination that the Claw-back shall apply was made prior to 
such event.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. 	TAKEOVER, RECONSTRUCTION AND WINDING-UP
 
(1) 	If any person:
 
  	(a) 	obtains Control of the Company as a result of making a general 
offer to acquire shares in the Company, or having obtained such Control 
makes such an offer; or
 
  	(b) 	if any person becomes bound or entitled to acquire shares under 
sections 979 to 985 of the Companies Act 2006; or if under section 899 of 
the Companies Act 2006 the Court sanctions a compromise or arrangement of 
the Company; or
 
  	(c) 	if the Company passes a resolution for voluntary winding up; or
 
  	(d) 	if an order is made for the compulsory winding up of the Company;

then, subject to sub-rules (2) to (6) of Rule 4, an Award may be exercised 
within one month of the occurrence of the relevant event specified in this 
sub-rule (or in the case of paragraph (a) above such longer period as the 
Board may specify), but to the extent that it is not exercised within that 
period shall (notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan) lapse on the 
expiration of that period, PROVIDED THAT unless the Remuneration Committee 
decides otherwise the number of Allocated Shares comprised in an Award 
shall be reduced to a pro rata number on the basis of the time which has 
elapsed from the Allocation Date to the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant event specified in this sub-rule (rounded up to the nearest whole 
month) as compared to three years, and the proportion which may then be 
transferred shall be determined by reference to the operation of the 
Performance Conditions (as determined by the Remuneration Committee at its 
absolute discretion) up until the occurrence of the relevant event.
 
(2) 	For the purposes of sub-rule (1) above, a person shall be deemed to 
have obtained control of the Company if he and others acting in concert 
with him have together obtained control of it.
 
(3) 	A Participant may, in connection with one of the events described in 
Rule 5(1), and by agreement with the acquiring company, release any Award 
which has not lapsed (the Old Award) in consideration of the grant to him 
of an Award (the New Award) which is determined by the Board to be 
equivalent to the Old Award but relates to shares in a different company 
(whether the company which has obtained Control of the Company itself or 
some other company) within the period during which an Award would be 
exercisable in accordance with Rule 5(1) or such longer period as the Board 
may specify not exceeding six months.
 
(4) 	In the event of an Internal Reorganisation, where the Board determines 
that this Rule 5(4) shall apply, an existing Award shall not become 
exercisable in accordance with Rule 5(1) but, with the agreement of the 
Acquiring Company (as defined in the definition of Internal 
Reorganisation), shall be automatically released in consideration for the 
grant of a new Award which is determined by Board to be equivalent to the 
existing Award but relates to shares in a different company (whether the 
Acquiring Company itself or some other company).
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(5) 	For the purposes of Rules 5(3) and 5(4) the provisions of the Plan 
shall be construed as if:
 
  	(a) 	the New Award is an Award granted under the Plan at the same time 
as the existing Award;
 
  	(b) 	unless the Board determines otherwise, the references to the 
Company are to the company over whose shares the New Award is granted in 
accordance with Rule 5(3) or 5(4) (as applicable);
 
  	(c) 	the Performance Conditions shall apply in their original form 
unless the Board determines that it would be appropriate for such 
Performance Conditions to be varied or to be waived in full or in part; and
 
  	(d) 	the New Award shall not become exercisable nor lapse by virtue of 
the event pursuant to which it was granted.
 
6. 	VARIATION OF CAPITAL
 
(1) 	In the event of any increase or variation of the share capital of the 
Company (whenever effected), a demerger of a substantial part of the 
business of the group, special dividend or other similar event, the Board 
may adjust the number of Allocated Shares in such manner as it considers 
appropriate.
 
(2) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after making any adjustment under 
sub-rule (1) above, the Company shall give notice in writing thereof to any 
Participant affected thereby.
 
6A. 	VESTED SHARE ACCOUNTS
 
(1) 	Legal title to any shares which are due to be transferred to the 
Participant pursuant to the Plan may (notwithstanding any other Rule) be 
transferred to a person (the Vested Share Account Provider) appointed by 
the Company from time to time to hold legal title to such shares on behalf 
of the Participant.
 
(2) 	The Vested Share Account Provider shall receive and hold shares on 
behalf of the Participant in accordance with such terms and conditions as 
are agreed by the Company from time to time, and by participating in the 
Plan the Participant irrevocably agrees to those terms and conditions 
(which shall be available to the Participant on request to the Company).
 
(3) 	The transfer of any shares to the Vested Share Account Provider shall 
satisfy any obligation of the Company under the Plan to transfer shares to 
the Participant (and references in the Plan to shares (or legal title 
thereof) having been transferred to the Participant shall be read 
accordingly).
 
7. 	ALTERATIONS
 
(1) 	Subject to sub-rules (2) and (4) below, the Board may at any time 
alter any of the provisions of the Plan, or the terms of any Award granted 
under it, in any respect.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) 	Subject to sub-rule (3) below, no alteration to the advantage of 
Participants shall be made under sub-rule (1) above if it concerns 
eligibility, the limit on participation, the terms on which Awards may be 
exercised and the basis for their adjustment in the event of any increase 
or variation of the share capital of the Company, without the prior 
approval by ordinary resolution of the members of the Company in general 
meeting.
 
(3) 	Sub-rule (2) above shall not apply to any minor alteration to benefit 
the administration of the Plan, to take account of a change in legislation 
or to obtain or maintain favourable tax, exchange control or regulatory 
treatment for Participants or potential participants or any Participating 
Company.
 
(4) 	No alteration to the disadvantage of any Participant shall be made 
under sub-rule (1) above in respect of existing Awards unless:
 
  	(a) 	the Company shall have invited every such Participant to give an 
indication as to whether or not he approves the alteration, and
 
  	(b) 	the alteration is approved by a majority of those Participants who 
have given such an indication.
 
(5) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after making any alteration under 
sub-rule (1) above, the Company shall give notice in writing thereof to any 
Participant affected thereby.
 
8. 	MISCELLANEOUS
 
(1) 	The rights and obligations of any individual under the terms of his 
office or employment with any Participating Company shall not be affected 
by his participation in the Plan or any right which he may have to 
participate therein, and an individual who participates therein shall waive 
any and all rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the 
termination of his office or employment for any reason whatsoever (whether 
lawfully or otherwise) insofar as those rights arise or may arise from his 
ceasing to have rights under the Plan as a result of such termination.
 
(2) 	In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to the interpretation 
of the Plan, or as to any question or right arising from or related to the 
Plan, the decision of the Board shall be final and binding upon all 
persons.
 
(3) 	Any notice or other communication under or in connection with the Plan 
may be given by personal delivery or by sending the same by electronic 
means or post, in the case of a company to its registered office (for the 
attention of the company secretary), and in the case of an individual to 
his last known address, or, where he is a director or employee of a 
Participating Company, either to his last known address or to the address 
of the place of business at which he performs the whole or substantially 
the whole of the duties of his office or employment, and where a notice or 
other communication is given by post, it shall be deemed to have been 
received 72 hours after it was put into the post properly addressed and 
stamped, and if by electronic means, when the sender receives electronic 
confirmation of delivery or if not available, 24 hours after sending the 
notice.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) 	By participating in the Plan, a Participant consents to the holding 
and processing of personal data provided by the Participant to the Company 
for all purposes relating to the operation of the Plan, including, but not 
limited to administering and maintaining Participant records, providing 
information to the Trustees, registrars, brokers, savings carrier or other 
third party administrators of the Plan, providing information to future 
purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Participant works 
and transferring information about the Participant to a country or 
territory outside the European Economic Area.
 
(5) 	The Plan and all Awards granted under it shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1 - US SUB-PLAN
 
1 	GENERAL
 
1.1 	This US Sub-Plan shall be used for all Participants who are, or may 
become prior to the Vesting Date, US taxpayers. In the event that a 
Participant becomes a US taxpayer after the grant of an Award, such Award 
may be modified in a manner consistent with this Sub-Plan.
 
1.2 	The purpose of this Sub-Plan is to ensure that Awards made under the 
Plan comply with the requirements of section 409A of Title 26 of the United 
States Code (the Internal Revenue Code) and should be interpreted in a 
manner consistent with such requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this Sub-Plan should also be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent 
with other legal requirements under laws in relevant jurisdictions, 
including but not limited to applicable securities laws.
 
1.3 	Words and phrases defined in the Plan shall bear the same meaning in 
this US Sub-Plan except as otherwise provided.
 
1.4 	The rules of the Plan apply to this US Sub-Plan except as otherwise 
provided for below.
 
1.5 	The Board may amend any of the provisions of this US Sub-Plan to take 
account of a change in US legislation, in particular in relation to section 
409A of the US Internal Revenue Code.
 
2 	GRANT OF AWARDS
 
2.1 	The following new Rule 2(9) shall be added after Rule 2(8):

The form of Award shall specify whether it is granted under the US 
Sub-Plan.
 
3 	TRANSFER OF SHARES TO PARTICIPANTS
 
3.1 	The following Rule shall replace Rules 4(4)(a) to (c), and existing 
Rules 4(4)(d) and (e) shall be renumbered accordingly:
 
  	(a) 	subject to Rule 4(7) the Award shall be deemed to be exercised by 
the Participant on the Vesting Date.
 
3.2 	Rule 4(7) shall be replaced by the following:

The exercise of an Award and the transfer of any shares under the Plan 
shall be subject to the provisions of the Model Code published by the UK 
Listing Authority and to obtaining any approval or consent referred to in 
sub-rule 2(8). Where the exercise of the Award or the transfer of shares 
pursuant to an Award is prohibited
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pursuant to the Model Code at any time, such exercise shall be deemed to 
take effect and the transfer shall instead take place as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it is no longer prohibited by the Model Code and in any 
event no later than the 15 March following the calendar year in which the 
Vesting Date falls.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 2  OPERATION OF CLAW-BACK

Claw-back prior to the transfer of shares in respect of an Award
 
(1) 	Where the Remuneration Committee determines (pursuant to Rule 4A(2)) 
that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of an Award prior to shares having 
been transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Award (whether before 
or after the Vesting Date), the Claw-back shall be applied by the 
Remuneration Committee reducing the number of Allocated Shares comprised in 
the Award by up to the number of shares determined by the Remuneration 
Committee to be the excess number of shares in respect of which the Award 
was granted and/or is outstanding (and the Award shall lapse to the extent 
so reduced, which may be in full).


Claw-back following the transfer of shares in respect of an Award
 
(2) 	Where the Remuneration Committee determines (pursuant to Rule 4A(1) or 
4A(2)) that a Claw-back shall apply in respect of an Award following shares 
having been transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Award (a 
Post-Transfer Claw-back), the Remuneration Committee shall determine:
 
  	(a) 	the excess number of shares in respect of which the Award became 
exercisable (the Excess Shares); and
 
  	(b) 	the aggregate market value of such Excess Shares (as determined by 
the Remuneration Committee) on the Vesting Date (the Equivalent Value).
 
(3) 	In the case of a Post-Transfer Claw-back any cash payment made 
pursuant to Rule 44(9) in respect of such Award shall be subject to the 
Claw-back to the extent that the Remuneration Committee determines that 
such cash payment relates to the Excess Shares.
 
(4) 	A Post-Transfer Claw-back may be effected in such manner as may be 
determined by the Remuneration Committee, and notified to the Participant, 
including by any one or more of the following:
 
  	(a) 	by reducing the number of shares and/or amount of cash in respect 
of which an Outstanding Award vests or may vest (or has vested, but in 
respect of which no shares have yet been transferred or cash payment made), 
whether before or after the assessment of performance conditions in respect 
of such Outstanding Award, by the number of Excess Shares and/or the 
Equivalent Value (and such Outstanding Award shall lapse to the extent so 
reduced);
 
  	(b) 	by setting-off against any amounts payable by any Participating 
Company to the Participant an amount up to the Equivalent Value (including 
from any bonus payment which may otherwise become payable to the 
Participant); and/or
 
  	(c) 	
by requiring the Participant to immediately transfer to the Company a 
number of shares equal to the Excess Shares or a cash amount equal to the 
Equivalent Value (which shall be an immediately payable debt due to the 
Company), provided that the Remuneration Committee may reduce the number of 
Excess Shares or the amount of the Equivalent Value subject to
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 the Claw-back in order to take account of any Tax Liability (as defined 
in Rule 44(6)) which arose on the Excess Shares (howsoever delivered to the 
Participant).
 
(5) 	In paragraph (4) above:

Outstanding Award means any other Award under the Plan, any award or 
option under any other employees share scheme operated from time to time 
by any Participating Company (other than any award or options granted under 
any arrangement which satisfies the provisions of Schedules 2 or 3, or 
(unless the terms of such arrangement state that shares acquired thereunder 
are subject to claw-back) 4 or 5 of the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) 
Act 2003), or any bonus award under any bonus scheme operated from time to 
time by any Participating Company, in each case which is either held by the 
Participant at the time of a determination that a Claw-back shall be 
applied or which are granted to the Participant following such a 
determination; and

vests shall include shares or cash subject to an award becoming due to be 
transferred or paid, and in the case of an option, the option becoming 
exercisable.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE : PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS
FOR AWARDS MADE FROM MAY 2011 ONWARDS
 
1. 	Subject to Rules 4 and 5 of the Plan, 25% of the Allocated Shares in 
respect of a Performance Period may only be transferred to the extent the 
condition specified in paragraph 5 below is satisfied; 25% of the Allocated 
Shares in respect of a Performance Period may only be transferred to the 
extent the condition specified in paragraph 6 below is satisfied; and the 
remaining 50% of the Allocated Shares in respect of a Performance Period 
may only be transferred to the extent the condition specified in paragraph 
7 below is satisfied.
 
2. 	For the purpose of the condition in paragraph 5 below:
 
  	(a) 	The Total Shareholder Return of a company over any period is a 
combination of its share price and dividend performance, which shall be 
calculated as set out in paragraph 5(a) below.
 
  	(b) 	The comparator companies are the constituents of the FTSE 100 Index 
at the beginning of the Performance Period, excluding those companies which 
are not quoted on the London Stock Exchange on the last day of the relevant 
Performance Period.
 
3. 	For the purposes of the condition in paragraph 6 below:
 
  	(a) 	The Total Shareholder Return of a company over any period is a 
combination of its share price and dividend performance, which shall be 
calculated as set out in paragraph 5(a) below.
 
  	(b) 	The comparator companies are:
 
 Anheuser-Busch InBev
   	Imperial Tobacco Group plc 	   	PepsiCo Inc
 Campbell Soup Company
   	Japan Tobacco 	   	Pernod Ricard
 Carlsberg A/S
   	Johnson & Johnson 	   	Philip Morris International
 The Coca Cola Company
   	Kellogg 	   	Procter & Gamble
 Colgate-Palmolive
   	Kimberley-Clark Corp 	   	Reckitt Benckiser plc
 Groupe Danone plc
   	Kraft Foods 	   	SABMiller
 Diageo plc
   	LVMH 	   	Sara Lee Corp
 Heineken N.V.
   	Nestle SA 	   	Unilever plc
 HJ Heinz Company
   	 	   	
 
4. 	For the purpose of the condition in paragraph 7 below:
 
  	(a) 	The earnings per share of the Company shall be calculated on such 
basis as the Remuneration Committee may determine from time to time.
 
  	(b) 	The Retail Prices Index is the general index of retail prices (for 
all items) published by the UK Office for National Statistics or, if that 
index is not published for the month in question, any substituted index 
which is published.
 
5.
(a) 	
The Total Shareholder Return of the Company and each of the relevant 
comparator companies over the relevant Performance Period shall be
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
computed by comparing the average gross return index of the relevant 
companies as calculated by Datastream (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in 
the three months preceding the beginning of the Performance Period with the 
average gross return index (calculated in the same manner) in the 3 months 
preceding the end of the Performance Period, provided that where Datastream 
is unable to provide the necessary information, the Remuneration Committee 
may rely upon such other sources of information as it considers 
appropriate.
 
  	(b) 	All such companies shall be ranked by the resulting Total 
Shareholder Return figures, with the company with the highest figure having 
the highest ranking, and median and upper quartile performance shall be 
determined on such basis as the Remuneration Committee, acting reasonably, 
may specify from time to time.
 
  	(c) 	The percentage of the Allocated Shares to be transferred depends 
upon the Companys Total Shareholder Return relative to the median and 
upper quartile performance specified in paragraph (b) above, as follows:


For Executive Board and Management Board members:
 
The Companys Performance
   	
% Transferable
 1.Upper quartile or above
   	25%
 2.Median
   	6%
 3.Between upper quartile and median
   	Pro-rata between 25% and 6% on the basis of Total Shareholder Return 
performance
 4.Below median
   	0%

For LTIP participants below Management Board level:
 
The Companys Performance
   	
% Transferable
 1.Upper quartile or above
   	25%
 2.Median
   	7.5%
 3.Between upper quartile and median
   	Pro-rata between 25% and 7.5% on the basis of Total Shareholder Return 
performance
 4.Below median
   	0%
 
  	(d) 	
notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, but 
subject to Rules 4 and 5 of the Plan, no Allocated Shares may be
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 transferred unless, in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee, the 
underlying financial performance of the Company over the relevant 
Performance Period has been satisfactory.
 
6. 	The performance condition in this paragraph 6 will operate on exactly 
the same basis as the condition in paragraph 5 above, except that the 
comparator companies are those set out in paragraph 3(b) above.
 
7. 	The performance condition in this paragraph 7 operates by calculating 
the annualised compound growth in earnings per share for the Company in 
excess of the increase in the Retail Prices Index, using the earnings per 
share of the Company for the financial year preceding grant and for the 
final financial year of the Performance Period as the basis of measurement. 
Mathematically, it is expressed as follows:
 
(a) 	X, the annualised compound growth in earnings per share for the 
Company in excess of the increase in the Retail Price Index shall be 
calculated in the following manner:
 
E0 	   	  	= 	  	   	the earnings per share of the Company in the financial 
year immediately preceding the financial year in which the Performance 
Period begins
E3 	   	  	= 	  	   	the earnings per share of the Company in the final 
financial year of the Performance Period
R0 	   	  	= 	  	   	the Retail Prices Index for the last month of the 
financial year immediately preceding the Performance Period
R3 	   	  	= 	  	   	the Retail Prices Index for the last month of the 
final financial year of the Performance Period
 
[LOGO]

X = EPS Growth  RPI Growth
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) 	The percentage of the Allocated Shares to be transferred pursuant to 
the condition in this paragraph is shown in the following table (where X is 
calculated as described in paragraph 7(a) above).

For Executive Board and Management Board members:
 
X
   	
% Transferable
 1. 8% pa or greater
   	50%
 2. 3% pa
   	8%
 3. Between 3% pa and 8% pa
   	Pro-rata between 8% and 50%
 4. Less than 3% pa
   	0%

For participants below Management Board level:
 
X
   	
% Transferable
 1. 8% pa or greater
   	50%
 2. 3% pa
   	10%
 3. Between 3% pa and 8% pa
   	Pro-rata between 10% and 50%
 4. Less than 3% pa
   	0%
 
8. 	The Remuneration Committee may make such adjustments to the performance 
conditions in this Schedule as it considers appropriate to take account of:
 
  	(a) 	any increase or variation of the share capital of the Company;
 
  	(b) 	any change to the accounting standards adopted by the Company;
 
  	(c) 	there being no pre-tax earnings per share of the Company for any 
relevant financial year;
 
  	(d) 	any events which impact the comparator companies for the Total 
Shareholder Return measure such as a merger or de-listing;
 
  	(e) 	a change in the calculation of Total Shareholder Return;
 
  	(f) 	the occurrence of an event specified in Rules 4 or 5 of the Plan; 
or
 
  	(g) 	any other factors which are in the opinion of the Remuneration 
Committee relevant.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE : PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS
FOR AWARDS MADE FROM MARCH 2014 ONWARDS
 
1. 	Subject to Rules 4 and 5 of the Plan, 25% of the Allocated Shares in 
respect of a Performance Period may only be transferred to the extent the 
condition specified in paragraph 5 below is satisfied; 25% of the Allocated 
Shares in respect of a Performance Period may only be transferred to the 
extent the condition specified in paragraph 6 below is satisfied; and the 
remaining 50% of the Allocated Shares in respect of a Performance Period 
may only be transferred to the extent the condition specified in paragraph 
7 below is satisfied.
 
2. 	For the purpose of the condition in paragraph 5 below:
 
  	(a) 	The Total Shareholder Return of a company over any period is a 
combination of its share price and dividend performance, which shall be 
calculated as set out in paragraph 5(a) below.
 
  	(b) 	The comparator companies are:
 
 Anheuser-Busch InBev
   	Imperial Tobacco Group plc 	   	PepsiCo Inc
 Campbell Soup Company
   	Japan Tobacco 	   	Pernod Ricard
 Carlsberg A/S
   	Johnson & Johnson 	   	Philip Morris International
 The Coca Cola Company
   	Kellogg 	   	Procter & Gamble
 Colgate-Palmolive
   	Kimberley-Clark Corp 	   	Reckitt Benckiser plc
 Groupe Danone plc
   	LVMH 	   	SABMiller
 Diageo plc
   	Mondelez International 	   	Unilever plc
 Heineken N.V.
   	Nestle SA 	   	
 
3. 	For the purpose of the condition in paragraph 6 below:
 
  	(a) 	The Net Turnover (NTO) of the Company shall be calculated as the 
compound annual growth measured on a constant currency basis.
 
4. 	For the purpose of the condition in paragraph 7 below:
 
  	(a) 	The earnings per share of the Company shall be calculated on such 
basis as the Remuneration Committee may determine from time to time.
 
5.
(a) 	
The Total Shareholder Return of the Company and each of the relevant 
comparator companies over the relevant Performance Period shall be computed 
by comparing the average gross return index of the relevant companies as 
calculated by Datastream (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the three 
months preceding the beginning of the Performance Period with the average 
gross return index (calculated in the same manner) in the 3 months 
preceding the end of the Performance Period, provided that where Datastream 
is unable to provide the necessary information, the Remuneration Committee 
may rely upon such other sources of information as it considers 
appropriate.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	All such companies shall be ranked by the resulting Total 
Shareholder Return figures, with the company with the highest figure having 
the highest ranking, and median and upper quartile performance shall be 
determined on such basis as the Remuneration Committee, acting reasonably, 
may specify from time to time.
 
  	(c) 	The percentage of the Allocated Shares to be transferred depends 
upon the Companys Total Shareholder Return relative to the median and 
upper quartile performance specified in paragraph (b) above, as follows:
 
The Companys Performance
   	
% Transferable
 1.Upper quartile or above
   	25%
 2.Median
   	6%
 3.Between upper quartile and median
   	Pro-rata between 25% and 6% on the basis of Total Shareholder Return 
performance
 4.Below median
   	0%
 
  	(d) 	Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) 
above, but subject to Rules 4 and 5 of the Plan, no Allocated Shares may be 
transferred unless, in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee, the 
underlying financial performance of the Company over the relevant 
Performance Period has been satisfactory.
 
6.
(a) 	
The performance condition in this paragraph 6 operates by calculating the 
compound annual growth in the NTO of the Company, measured on a constant 
currency basis.
 
  	(b) 	The percentage of the Allocated Shares to be transferred depends 
upon the Companys NTO growth as specified in paragraph (a) above, as 
follows:
 
The Companys performance
   	
% Transferable
 1. 5% pa or greater
   	25%
 2. 2% pa
   	6%
 3. Between 2% pa and 5% pa
   	
   Pro-rata between 6% and 25%
 4. Less than 2% pa
   	0%
 
  	(c) 	Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the 
Remuneration Committee has the discretion to determine that no vesting will 
occur for NTO unless the three year constant currency compound annual 
growth rate of underlying operating profit exceeds the compound annual 
growth rate of the threshold performance level for underlying operating 
profit, as defined annually in the IEIS, as approved by the Board.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Compound annual growth is calculated as follows:
 
NTO0 	   	  	= 	  	   	the NTO in the financial year immediately preceding 
the financial year in which the Performance Period begins
NTO3 	   	  	= 	  	   	the NTO in the final financial year of the 
Performance Period
 
 
[LOGO]
 
7.
(a) 	
The performance condition in this paragraph 7 operates by calculating the 
compound annual growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share for the 
Company (measured at current exchange rate).
 
  	(b) 	The percentage of the Allocated Shares to be transferred depends 
upon the Companys adjusted diluted earnings per share growth as specified 
in paragraph (a) above, as follows:
 
X
   	
% Transferable
1. 	  	
 10% pa or greater
   	50%
2. 	  	
 5% pa
   	8%
3. 	  	
 Between 5% pa and 10% pa
   	Pro-rata between 8% and 50%
4. 	  	
 Less than 5% pa
   	0%

Compound annual growth is calculated as follows:
 
E0 	   	  	= 	  	   	the earnings per share of the Company in the financial 
year immediately preceding the financial year in which the Performance 
Period begins
E3 	   	  	= 	  	   	the earnings per share of the Company in the final 
financial year of the Performance Period
 
[LOGO]
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. 	The Remuneration Committee may make such adjustments to the performance 
conditions in this Schedule as it considers appropriate to take account of:
 
  	(a) 	any increase or variation of the share capital of the Company;
 
  	(b) 	any change to the accounting standards adopted by the Company;
 
  	(c) 	there being no pre-tax earnings per share of the Company for any 
relevant financial year;
 
  	(d) 	any events which impact the comparator    companies for the Total 
Shareholder Return measure such as a merger or de-listing;
 
  	(e) 	a change in the calculation of Total Shareholder Return;
 
  	(f) 	the occurrence of an event specified in Rules 4 or 5 of the Plan; 
or
 
  	(g) 	any other factors which are in the opinion of the Remuneration 
Committee relevant.
 
9.
(a) 	
After the conditions in paragraph 5, 6 and 7 have been assessed, the 
Remuneration Committee may make such adjustment to the percentage of 
Allocated Shares that are to be transferred pursuant to one or more of such 
conditions as it considers appropriate to take account of any factors which 
are in the opinion of the Remuneration Committee relevant.
 
  	(b) 	An adjustment pursuant to this paragraph 9 may be either positive 
(but, for the avoidance of doubt, not so that the adjusted percentage of 
Allocated Shares to be transferred pursuant to any condition exceeds the 
maximum percentage of Allocated Shares that may be transferred pursuant to 
that condition, as set out in paragraph 1) or negative (including reducing 
the percentage of Allocated Shares to be transferred to nil). For the 
avoidance of doubt, where the Remuneration Committee makes any adjustment 
pursuant to this paragraph 9 the percentage of Allocated Shares to be 
transferred pursuant to any condition shall be the percentage as adjusted 
by the Remuneration Committee notwithstanding the outcome of that condition 
as set out in paragraph 5, 6 and/or 7 (as applicable).
 
24