 EX-10.20 9 d253212dex1020.htm EX-10.20
Exhibit 10.20

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

by and among

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.,

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.,

and

the Blackstone Holders

(as defined herein)

Dated as of                     

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
   	  	2 	  
  	
 Section 1.1
   	Definitions 	   	  	2 	  
  	
 Section 1.2
   	References; Interpretation 	   	  	9 	  
  	
 Section 1.3
   	Effective Time 	   	  	9 	  
 ARTICLE II SECTION 355(e) RESTRICTIONS
   	  	9 	  
  	
 Section 2.1
   	General 	   	  	9 	  
  	
 Section 2.2
   	Exceptions for Applicable Percentage, Safe Harbor VIII and Unqualified 
355(e) Opinion 	   	  	10 	  
  	
 Section 2.3
   	Blackstone Ownership Shift due to Issuance 	   	  	11 	  
  	
 Section 2.4
   	Special Rule 	   	  	11 	  
 ARTICLE III DEVICE RESTRICTIONS
   	  	11 	  
  	
 Section 3.1
   	General 	   	  	11 	  
  	
 Section 3.2
   	Exceptions for In Parallel and Unqualified Device Opinion 	   	  	11 	  

 ARTICLE IV ADDITIONAL RULES
   	  	12 	  
  	
 Section 4.1
   	Plan of Reorganization and Blackstone Restructuring 	   	  	12 	  
  	
 Section 4.2
   	Representation Regarding Blackstone Restructuring 	   	  	12 	  
  	
 Section 4.3
   	Joint and Several Liability 	   	  	12 	  
  	
 Section 4.4
   	Margin Loan 	   	  	12 	  
  	
 Section 4.5
   	Reallocation Event 	   	  	12 	  
  	
 Section 4.6
   	Cooperation 	   	  	13 	  
  	
 Section 4.7
   	Effect of Rulings and Opinion on Section 355(e) Calculations 	   	  	
13 	  
 ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	13 	  
  	
 Section 5.1
   	Counterparts 	   	  	13 	  
  	
 Section 5.2
   	Survival 	   	  	13 	  
  	
 Section 5.3
   	Notices 	   	  	14 	  
  	
 Section 5.4
   	Waivers 	   	  	14 	  
  	
 Section 5.5
   	Assignment 	   	  	14 	  
  	
 Section 5.6
   	Successors and Assigns 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.7
   	Termination and Amendment 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.8
   	No Circumvention 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.9
   	Subsidiaries 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.10
   	Third Party Beneficiaries 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.11
   	Title and Headings 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.12
   	Schedules 	   	  	15 	  
  	
 Section 5.13
   	Specific Performance 	   	  	15 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page 	 
  	
 Section 5.14
   	Governing Law 	   	  	16 	  
  	
 Section 5.15
   	Consent to Jurisdiction 	   	  	16 	  
  	
 Section 5.16
   	Waiver of Jury Trial 	   	  	16 	  
  	
 Section 5.17
   	Force Majeure 	   	  	16 	  
  	
 Section 5.18
   	Interpretation 	   	  	17 	  
  	
 Section 5.19
   	Changes in Law 	   	  	17 	  
  	
 Section 5.20
   	Severability 	   	  	17 	  
  	
 Section 5.21
   	No Waiver 	   	  	17 	  
  	
 Section 5.22
   	No Duplication; No Double Recovery 	   	  	17 	  
  	
 Section 5.23
   	No Recourse 	   	  	17 	  
Schedules 	   	 	   	 	 	
Schedule I 	   	List of Blackstone Entities 	   	 	 	
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

THIS STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as 
of the day of                     , by and among Hilton Worldwide Holdings 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (HLT), Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (HGV), and the Blackstone Holders (as defined 
herein). Each of HLT, HGV and each Blackstone Holder is sometimes referred 
to herein as a Party and collectively, as the Parties. Each of HLT, HGV 
and Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware corporation (PK), is sometimes 
referred to herein as a Spinoff Party and collectively, as the Spinoff 
Parties.


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of HLT (the Board) has determined that it 
is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders to separate HLT into three separate, publicly traded 
companies, one for each of (i) the HLT Retained Business (as defined 
herein), which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by 
HLT, (ii) the Ownership Business (as defined herein), which shall be owned 
and conducted, directly or indirectly, by PK (which will elect to be a REIT 
(as defined herein)), and (iii) the Timeshare Business (as defined herein), 
which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by HGV;

WHEREAS, in order to effect such separation, the Board has determined that 
it is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders (i) to enter into a series of transactions after giving effect 
to which (A) HLT and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries (as defined herein) 
will, collectively, own all of the HLT Retained Assets (as defined herein) 
and assume (or retain) all of the HLT Retained Liabilities (as defined 
herein), (B) PK and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries will, collectively, 
own all of the Ownership Assets (as defined herein) and assume (or retain) 
all of the Ownership Liabilities (as defined herein) and (C) HGV and/or one 
or more of its Subsidiaries will, collectively, own all of the Timeshare 
Assets (as defined herein) and assume (or retain) all of the Timeshare 
Liabilities (as defined herein) and (ii) for HLT to distribute to the 
holders of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (HLT Common Stock
), on a pro rata basis (in each case without consideration being paid by 
such stockholders) (A) all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par 
value $0.01 per share, of PK (the PK Common Stock), and (B) all of the 
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of HGV (the 
HGV Common Stock) (such transactions as they may be amended or modified 
from time to time, collectively, the Plan of Reorganization); and

WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that each of the distributions 
by HLT of all of the PK Common Stock (the PK Distribution) and HGV Common 
Stock (the HGV Distribution and together with the PK Distribution, the 
External Distributions) qualifies as a tax-free distribution within the 
meaning of Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the terms, 
conditions, covenants and provisions of this Agreement, each of the Parties 
mutually covenant and agree as follows:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings:

(1) Acquisition means an acquisition for purposes of Section 355(e) of 
the Code of stock of the applicable Spinoff Party, or issuance by a Spinoff 
Party of any options or other instruments that grant the holder a right 
(including if such Spinoff Party has a right to settle the obligation with 
property other than stock of such Spinoff Party) to complete such an 
acquisition. The terms Acquire and Acquired have a corresponding 
meaning. For purposes of determining whether and to what extent a 
transaction shall be taken into account for purposes of this definition, 
any recapitalization or other action resulting in a shift of voting power 
or any redemption or repurchase of shares of stock shall be treated as an 
indirect acquisition of shares of stock by the benefitted or non-exchanging 
stockholders.

(2) Additional Blackstone Entity means any Blackstone Entity designated 
as an Additional Blackstone Entity on Schedule I hereto.

(3) Affiliate means a Person that directly, or indirectly, through one or 
more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, a specified Person. A Person shall be deemed to control 
another Person if such first Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the 
power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of 
such other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise. For purposes hereof, none of the Spinoff Parties or 
their respective Subsidiaries shall be considered an Affiliate of any of 
the other Parties or their respective Subsidiaries (determined on the same 
basis). For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes hereof, neither The 
Blackstone Group L.P. (nor any of its Affiliates) shall be considered an 
Affiliate of any of the Spinoff Parties or their respective Subsidiaries.

(4) Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(5) Ancillary Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(6) Big Four Accounting Firm means each of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Ernst & 
Young LLP, KPMG LLP, and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

(7) Blackstone Acquisition has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

(8) Blackstone Applicable Percentage means, with respect to a Spinoff 
Party, the percentage shift in ownership equal to the greater of (a) the 
percentage determined by dividing (i) the value of all shares of such 
Spinoff Party (as of immediately after the Distribution) transferred in one 
or more Dispositions of stock of such Spinoff Party occurring on or after 
the Distribution Date by (ii) the value of all outstanding stock of such 
Spinoff Party as of immediately after the Distribution, or (b) the 
percentage determined by dividing (i) the total combined voting power of 
all shares of such Spinoff Party (as of immediately after the Distribution) 
transferred in one or more Dispositions of stock of such Spinoff Party 
occurring on
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or after the Distribution Date by (ii) the total combined voting power of 
all outstanding stock of such Spinoff Party as of immediately after the 
Distribution. The amount set forth in (a)(ii) or (b)(ii) shall be reduced 
by any redemption or repurchase (directly or indirectly) by a Spinoff Party 
(or any of its Subsidiaries) of HLT Common Stock, PK Common Stock or HGV 
Common Stock, as applicable, following the Distribution and prior to the 
last such Disposition (with such reduction calculated in the case of 
(a)(ii) by using the value of the applicable stock as of immediately after 
the Distribution). This definition and the application thereof is intended 
to monitor compliance with Section 355(e) of the Code and the Treasury 
Regulations promulgated thereunder and shall be interpreted accordingly by 
the Parties in good faith.

(9) Blackstone Entity means any of the entities listed on Schedule I 
hereto and any successors thereto.

(10) Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage means the Blackstone Applicable 
Percentage with respect to HGV.

(11) Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit means             %1, as 
adjusted from time to time by mutual written consent of the Blackstone 
Representative and HGV or under Section 2.3 or Section 4.5; provided, 
however, that the sum of the Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit and the 
HGV Percentage Shift Limit immediately after such adjustments must equal 
such sum immediately before such adjustments; provided further, that if the 
Blackstone Representative has actual knowledge that the HGV Applicable 
Percentage exceeds the HGV Percentage Shift Limit, the Blackstone-HGV 
Percentage Shift Limit shall be reduced by such excess (without prejudice 
to any rights or remedies any Blackstone Holder or any other Party may 
have).

(12) Blackstone-HLT Applicable Percentage means the Blackstone Applicable 
Percentage with respect to HLT.

(13) Blackstone-HLT Percentage Shift Limit means             %2, as 
adjusted from time to time by mutual written consent of the Blackstone 
Representative and HLT or under Section 2.3 or Section 4.5; provided, 
however, that the sum of the Blackstone-HLT Percentage Shift Limit and the 
HLT Percentage Shift Limit immediately after such adjustments must equal 
such sum immediately before such adjustments; provided further, that if the 
Blackstone Representative has actual knowledge that the HLT Applicable 
Percentage exceeds the HLT Percentage Shift Limit, the Blackstone-HLT 
Percentage Shift Limit shall be reduced by such excess (without prejudice 
to any rights or remedies any Blackstone Holder or any other Party may 
have).
 
 
1  	The Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit, the Blackstone-HLT 
Percentage Shift Limit, and the Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit will 
be (i) 40.66% if the closing of the transactions contemplated by that 
certain Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 24, 2016 among HNA 
Tourism Group Co., Ltd., and the Seller Parties named therein (the HNA 
Stock Purchase Agreement and the closing, the SPA Closing) has not 
occurred as of the Distribution Date and (ii) 15.65% if the SPA Closing has 
occurred as of the Distribution Date. If, after October 24, 2016 but prior 
to the Distribution Date, the Blackstone Holders have disposed of shares of 
HLT Common Stock in one or more transactions other than the disposition 
pursuant to the HNA Stock Purchase Agreement, the limit described in the 
preceding sentence will be reduced by the percentage of HLT Common Stock 
that is the subject of such disposition or dispositions.
2  	See footnote 1.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(14) Blackstone Holder means any Blackstone Entity designated as a 
Blackstone Holder on Schedule I hereto.

(15) Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage means the Blackstone Applicable 
Percentage with respect to PK.

(16) Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit means             %3, as 
adjusted from time to time in connection with an adjustment to PK 
Applicable Percentage pursuant to the terms of the Tax Matters Agreement or 
under Section 5.4(f) or (g) of the Tax Matters Agreement; provided, 
however, that the sum of the Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit and the 
PK Percentage Shift Limit immediately after such adjustments must equal 
such sum immediately before such adjustments; provided further, that if the 
Blackstone Representative has actual knowledge that the PK Applicable 
Percentage exceeds the PK Percentage Shift Limit, the Blackstone-PK 
Percentage Shift Limit shall be reduced by such excess.

(17) Blackstone Representative means Tyler Henritze, or such other person 
as the Blackstone Holders may designate.

(18) Blackstone Restructuring has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

(19) Board has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(20) Code has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(21) Delaware Courts has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15.

(22) Disposition has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a). The terms 
Dispose and Disposed have a corresponding meaning.

(23) Distribution or Distributions means, individually or collectively, 
the Internal Distributions and the External Distributions.

(24) Distribution Agreement means the Distribution Agreement by and among 
HLT, PK, HGV and OpCo dated as of             .

(25) Distribution Date means the date on which the Distributions to 
holders of record of shares of HLT Common Stock of the HGV Common Stock and 
the PK Common Stock owned by HLT are effectuated pursuant to the 
Distribution Agreement.

(26) Effective Time has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(27) External Distributions has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(28) HGV has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.
 
 
3  	See footnote 1.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(29) HGV Applicable Percentage means the percentage shift in ownership 
equal to the greater of (a) the percentage determined by dividing (i) the 
value of all shares of HGV stock (as of immediately after the Distribution) 
Acquired pursuant to one or more Issuances of HGV stock occurring on or 
after the Distribution Date by (ii) the value of all outstanding stock of 
HGV as of immediately after the Distribution, or (b) the percentage 
determined by dividing (i) the total combined voting power of all shares of 
HGV stock (as of immediately after the Distribution) Acquired pursuant to 
one or more Issuances of HGV stock occurring on or after the Distribution 
Date by (ii) the total combined voting power of all outstanding stock of 
HGV as of immediately after the Distribution. The amount set forth in 
(a)(ii) or (b)(ii) shall be reduced by any redemption or repurchase 
(directly or indirectly) by HGV (or its Subsidiaries) of HGV Common Stock 
following the Distribution and prior to the last such Issuance (with such 
reduction calculated in the case of (a)(ii) by using the value of the 
applicable stock as of immediately after the Distribution). This definition 
and the application thereof is intended to monitor compliance with Section 
355(e) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and 
shall be interpreted accordingly by the Parties in good faith.

(30) HGV Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(31) HGV Distribution has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(32) HGV Group has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(33) HGV Percentage Shift Limit means 8.34%, as adjusted from time to 
time by mutual written consent of the Blackstone Representative and HGV or 
under Section 2.3 or Section 4.5; provided, however, that the sum of the 
Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit and the HGV Percentage Shift Limit 
immediately after such adjustments must equal such sum immediately before 
such adjustments; provided further, that if HGV has actual knowledge that 
the Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage exceeds the Blackstone-HGV 
Percentage Shift Limit, the HGV Percentage Shift Limit shall be reduced by 
such excess (without prejudice to any rights or remedies HGV or any other 
Party may have).

(34) HLT has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

(35) HLT Applicable Percentage means the percentage shift in ownership 
equal to the greater of (a) the percentage determined by dividing (i) the 
value of all shares of HLT stock (as of immediately after the Distribution) 
Acquired pursuant to one or more Issuances of HLT stock occurring on or 
after the Distribution Date by (ii) the value of all outstanding stock of 
HLT as of immediately after the Distribution, or (b) the percentage 
determined by dividing (i) the total combined voting power of all shares of 
HLT stock (as of immediately after the Distribution) Acquired pursuant to 
one or more Issuances of HLT stock occurring on or after the Distribution 
Date by (ii) the total combined voting power of all outstanding stock of 
HLT as of immediately after the Distribution. The amount set forth in 
(a)(ii) or (b)(ii) shall be reduced by any redemption or repurchase 
(directly or indirectly) by HLT (or its Subsidiaries) of HLT Common Stock 
following the Distribution and prior to the last such Issuance (with such 
reduction calculated in the case of (a)(ii) by using the value of the 
applicable stock as of immediately after the Distribution). This definition 
and the application thereof is intended to monitor compliance with Section 
355(e) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and 
shall be interpreted accordingly by the Parties in good faith.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(36) HLT Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(37) HLT Group has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(38) HLT Percentage Shift Limit means 8.34%, as adjusted from time to 
time by mutual written consent of the Blackstone Representative and HLT or 
under Section 2.3 or Section 4.5; provided, however, that the sum of the 
Blackstone-HLT Percentage Shift Limit and the HLT Percentage Shift Limit 
immediately after such adjustments must equal such sum immediately before 
such adjustments; provided further, that if HLT has actual knowledge that 
the Blackstone-HLT Applicable Percentage exceeds the Blackstone-HLT 
Percentage Shift Limit, the HLT Percentage Shift Limit shall be reduced by 
such excess (without prejudice to any rights or remedies HLT or any other 
Party may have).

(39) HLT Retained Assets has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(40) HLT Retained Business has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(41) HLT Retained Liabilities has the meaning set forth in the 
Distribution Agreement.

(42) In Parallel describes one or more Dispositions by a Blackstone 
Entity if and only if such Dispositions (i) result in the disposition of 
proportionate or almost proportionate amounts of HLT Common Stock, PK 
Common Stock and HGV Common Stock (e.g., a sale by a Blackstone Entity of 
5% of its HLT stock would require a sale by such Blackstone Entity (or its 
parallel Additional Blackstone Entity) of 5% of its (or such parallel 
Additional Blackstone Entitys) PK stock and 5% of its HGV stock), (ii) 
commenced at the same time and as part of the same plan, (iii) completed 
within a single taxable year of such Blackstone Entity, and (iv) all in the 
same form of transaction, for example, all in the form of a sale or all in 
the form of a distribution. The determination of whether one or more 
Dispositions by a Blackstone Entity are In Parallel shall be made taking 
into account only those shares of HLT Common Stock, PK Common Stock and HGV 
Common Stock owned by such Blackstone Entity on the Distribution Date. For 
the avoidance of doubt, one or more Dispositions shall not fail to meet the 
requirements of (i) solely because such Dispositions include, in addition 
to a proportionate or almost proportionate amount of PK Common Stock owned 
on the Distribution Date, an amount of PK Common Stock received in the 
Purging Distribution.

(43) Internal Distributions has the meaning set forth in the Tax Matters 
Agreement.

(44) IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service or any 
successor thereto, including, but not limited to its agents, 
representatives, and attorneys.

(45) Issuance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

(46) Issuer has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(47) Law means any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, supranational, 
state, provincial, local or similar statute, law, ordinance, regulation, 
rule, code, administrative pronouncement, order, requirement or rule of law 
(including common law), or any income tax treaty.

(48) Margin Loan Agreement means that certain Margin Loan Agreement dated 
as of June 30, 2014 among HLT Holdco III LLC, as borrower, the Margin Loan 
Lenders party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited, as 
Administrative Agent and any related security agreements, control 
agreements, issuer agreements and guarantees, in each case as amended, 
supplemented or modified from time to time.

(49) Margin Loan Collateral has the meaning given to the term 
Collateral in the Margin Loan Agreement.

(50) Margin Loan Event of Default has the meaning given to the term 
Event of Default in the Margin Loan Agreement.

(51) Margin Loan Lender has the meaning given to the term Lender in the 
Margin Loan Agreement.

(52) Ownership Assets has the meaning set forth in the Tax Matters 
Agreement.

(53) Ownership Business has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(54) Ownership Liabilities has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(55) Party has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(56) Person means any natural person, firm, individual, corporation, 
business trust, joint venture, association, company, limited liability 
company, partnership, or other organization or entity, whether incorporated 
or unincorporated, or any governmental entity.

(57) PK has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(58) PK Applicable Percentage has the meaning set forth in the Tax 
Matters Agreement.

(59) PK Distribution has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(60) PK Percentage Shift Limit has the meaning set forth in the Tax 
Matters Agreement.

(61) PK Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(62) Plan of Reorganization has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(63) Purging Distribution means any distribution made by PK in order to 
comply with the requirements of Section 857(a)(2)(B) of the Code.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(64) Qualified Tax Advisor means any Big Four Accounting Firm or any law 
firm of nationally recognized standing.

(65) Reallocation Event means any Acquisition during the Restricted 
Period of the stock of a Spinoff Party (other than a Disposition or an 
Issuance) that could reasonably be viewed as increasing the ownership shift 
with respect to such Spinoff Party for purposes of Section 355(e) of the 
Code, taking into account any available safe harbors under Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.355-7 (and the amount of such increase, the 
Reallocation Event Reduction). This definition and the application thereof 
is intended to monitor compliance with Section 355(e) of the Code and the 
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and shall be interpreted 
accordingly by the Parties in good faith.

(66) REIT means a real estate investment trust within the meaning of 
Section 856(a) of the Code.

(67) Reorganization Slide Deck has the meaning set forth in the Tax 
Matters Agreement.

(68) Restricted Period means the two-year period beginning on the 
Distribution Date.

(69) Spinoff Party has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(70) Subsidiary has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(71) Tax Matters Agreement means that certain Tax Matters Agreement by 
and among HLT, PK, HGV and Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, dated as of                         .

(72) Timeshare Assets has the meaning set forth in the Tax Matters 
Agreement.

(73) Timeshare Business has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(74) Timeshare Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Distribution 
Agreement.

(75) Unqualified 355(e) Opinion means, with respect to a Disposition, 
Blackstone Acquisition, Issuance or Reallocation Event, an unqualified 
will opinion (or, with respect to Issuance or Reallocation Event, in 
either case with respect to which HLT delivers the opinion, a will or 
should opinion) of a Qualified Tax Advisor addressed to HLT and in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to HLT, without substantive 
qualifications, to the effect that such Disposition, Blackstone 
Acquisition, Issuance (including any future Issuance of stock pursuant to 
an option or other instrument that grants the holder a right (including if 
the Issuer has a right to settle the obligation with property other than 
stock of such Issuer) to complete an Acquisition) or Reallocation Event 
will not be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) within the 
meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code involving the Distributions.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(76) Unqualified Device Opinion means, with respect to a Disposition, an 
unqualified will opinion of a Qualified Tax Advisor addressed to HLT, in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to HLT, without substantive 
qualifications, to the effect that such Disposition will not cause any of 
the Distributions to be considered to be used principally as a device for 
the distribution of earnings and profits within the meaning of Section 
355(a)(1)(B) of the Code, taking into account the facts and circumstances 
as they exist at that time, including the existence of prior dispositions, 
if any, and any planned or intended transactions as of such time.

(77) U.S. means the United States of America.

Section 1.2 References; Interpretation.

(a) Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to 
them in the Distribution Agreement. References in this Agreement to any 
gender include references to all genders, and references to the singular 
include references to the plural and vice versa. Unless the context 
otherwise requires, the words include, includes, and including when 
used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase 
without limitation. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in 
this Agreement to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be 
deemed references to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules 
to, this Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, the words 
hereof, hereby, and herein and words of similar meaning when used in 
this Agreement refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any 
particular Article, Section or provision of this Agreement. Unless the 
context otherwise requires, the word stock or shares refers to any 
equity interests of the applicable entity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes and any references to a Person include a reference to any 
successor to such Person.

Section 1.3 Effective Time.

(a) The agreements contained herein, including, but not limited to, the 
certain restrictions on the transfer and other actions with respect to HLT 
Common Stock, PK Common Stock and HGV Common Stock shall be effective upon 
the Distribution Date.


ARTICLE II

SECTION 355(E) RESTRICTIONS

Section 2.1 General.

(a) During the Restricted Period, (i) the Blackstone Holders shall not, and 
shall cause the other Blackstone Entities not to, permit any person to 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of interests in any Blackstone Entity 
unless such disposition is described in Treasury Regulations Section 
1.355-7(d)(7)(i) and (ii) the Blackstone Holders shall not, and shall cause 
the other Blackstone Entities not to, directly or indirectly dispose of any 
HLT Common Stock, PK Common Stock or HGV Common Stock, including through 
the issuance of an interest in any Blackstone Entity (any such sale, 
transfer or disposition described in (i) or (ii), a Disposition); 
provided, however, that no transaction entered into by a Spinoff Party 
shall constitute a Disposition. During the Restricted Period, the 
Blackstone Holders shall not, and shall cause the other Blackstone Entities 
not to, Acquire any HLT stock, PK stock or HGV stock (such Acquisition, a 
Blackstone Acquisition); provided that the foregoing shall not be 
applicable to any Acquisition resulting from action by a Spinoff Party or a 
Subsidiary thereof.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) During the Restricted Period, neither HLT nor HGV (each, an Issuer) 
may issue any of its stock or take any action with respect to its stock 
that would cause an Acquisition (including redemptions or repurchases), or 
issue any options or other instruments that grant the holder a right 
(including if such Issuer has a right to settle the obligation with 
property other than stock of such Issuer) to complete an Acquisition (any 
such issuance or other transaction, an Issuance); provided that, HGV 
shall have no right to enforce this Section 2.1(b) against HLT.

Section 2.2 Exceptions for Applicable Percentage, Safe Harbor VIII and 
Unqualified 355(e) Opinion.

(a) Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding Section 2.1, but subject to 
Article III,

(i) a Disposition of HLT Common Stock shall be permitted if, immediately 
after such Disposition, the Blackstone-HLT Applicable Percentage will be 
less than or equal to the Blackstone-HLT Percentage Shift Limit;

(ii) a Disposition of PK Common Stock shall be permitted if, immediately 
after such Disposition, the Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage will be 
less than or equal to the Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit;

(iii) a Disposition of HGV Common Stock shall be permitted if, immediately 
after such Disposition, the Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage will be 
less than or equal to the Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit;

(iv) an Issuance by HLT shall be permitted if, immediately after such 
Issuance, the HLT Applicable Percentage will be less than or equal to the 
HLT Percentage Shift Limit; and

(v) an Issuance by HGV shall be permitted if, immediately after such 
Issuance, the HGV Applicable Percentage will be less than or equal to the 
HGV Percentage Shift Limit.

(b) Safe Harbor VIII. Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b), an Issuance shall be 
permitted where such Issuance (or the related issuance of stock in the case 
of an option issuance) is described in Treasury Regulations Section 
1.355-7(d)(8) (other than an Issuance made in connection with a merger or 
other acquisition transaction by a third party of the relevant Issuers 
stock; provided, that no Issuance will be deemed to be connected with an 
acquisition pursuant to a secondary sale for cash of Issuer stock by one or 
more Blackstone Entities in a public offering).

(c) Unqualified 355(e) Opinion. Notwithstanding Section 2.1, but subject to 
Article III, a Disposition, Blackstone Acquisition or Issuance, as the case 
may be, shall be permitted if the Blackstone Representative (in the case of 
a Disposition or Blackstone Acquisition) or Issuer (in the case of an 
Issuance) provides an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion to HLT; provided, further
, that in the case of an Issuance of stock pursuant to an exercise of an 
option or other instrument that grants the holder a right (including if the 
Issuer has a right to settle the obligation with property other than stock 
of such Issuer) to complete such an acquisition, such Issuance shall be 
permitted if the Issuer provided an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion to HLT in 
respect of the Issuance of such option or other instrument.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.3 Blackstone Ownership Shift due to Issuance. During the 
Restricted Period, if a proposed Issuance is a redemption or repurchase, 
then, immediately before such Issuance, (i) the Blackstone-HLT Percentage 
Shift Limit or Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit (as applicable) shall 
be increased or decreased (but not below the Blackstone-HLT Applicable 
Percentage or Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage, respectively, as of 
immediately before such Issuance) such that the number of shares permitted 
to be Disposed of under Section 2.2(a)(i) or (a)(iii) remains unchanged 
immediately after such Issuance (other than to reflect shares of the 
relevant Issuer actually redeemed or repurchased from the Blackstone 
Entities pursuant to such Issuance), and (ii) the HLT Percentage Shift 
Limit or HGV Percentage Shift Limit (as applicable) shall be decreased (in 
the case of an increase in clause (i), but not below the HLT Applicable 
Percentage or HGV Applicable Percentage, respectively, as of immediately 
before such Issuance) or increased (in the case of a decrease in clause 
(i)) by the amount set forth in clause (i). If clause (ii) calls for a 
reduction in the HLT Percentage Shift Limit or HGV Percentage Shift Limit 
(as applicable) and the amount of such reduction would be limited by the 
parenthetical therein, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement (including Section 2.2(c)), the relevant Issuer shall not 
undertake such Issuance without the written consent of the Blackstone 
Representative; provided that in the event the Blackstone Representative so 
consents, the amount of the increase set forth in (i) shall not exceed the 
amount of the decrease set forth in clause (ii). For the avoidance of 
doubt, an Issuance that satisfies the requirements of this Section 2.3 
remains subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, Sections 2.1(b) and 2.2(a)(iv) and (a)(v). For the avoidance of 
doubt, if a proposed Issuance is not consummated, the Blackstone-HLT 
Percentage Shift Limit and HLT Percentage Shift Limit, or Blackstone-HGV 
Percentage Shift Limit and HGV Percentage Shift Limit, as applicable shall 
not be adjusted pursuant to this Section 2.3 as a result of such proposed 
Issuance.

Section 2.4 Special Rule. Any Disposition or Issuance which is permitted 
pursuant to Section 2.2(b) or (c) shall be disregarded for purposes clauses 
(a)(i) and (b)(i) of the definition of Blackstone-HLT Applicable 
Percentage, Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage, Blackstone-HGV Applicable 
Percentage, HLT Applicable Percentage or HGV Applicable Percentage, as 
applicable.


ARTICLE III

DEVICE RESTRICTIONS

Section 3.1 General. During the Restricted Period, the Blackstone Holders 
shall cause the Blackstone Entities not to directly or indirectly dispose 
of HLT Common Stock, PK Common Stock or HGV Common Stock.

Section 3.2 Exceptions for In Parallel and Unqualified Device Opinion.

(a) In Parallel. Notwithstanding Section 3.1, but subject to Article II, 
one or more Dispositions shall be permitted if such Dispositions are In 
Parallel.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Unqualified Device Opinion. Notwithstanding Section 3.1, but subject to 
Article II, a Disposition shall be permitted if the Blackstone 
Representative provides an Unqualified Device Opinion to HLT.


ARTICLE IV

ADDITIONAL RULES

Section 4.1 Plan of Reorganization and Blackstone Restructuring. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not impose any restrictions of any 
kind on the consummation of the transactions set forth in the Plan of 
Reorganization, the Reorganization Slide Deck or that certain series of 
transactions relating to the Blackstone Entities previously described by 
the Blackstone Holders to HLT (such series of transactions, the 
Blackstone Restructuring).

Section 4.2 Representation Regarding Blackstone Restructuring. Each of the 
Blackstone Holders represents and warrants to HLT and HGV that (i) the 
ultimate indirect ownership of HLT Common Stock, PK Common Stock and HGV 
Common Stock held by each Blackstone Entity will remain unchanged as a 
result of the Blackstone Restructuring and (ii) the transactions comprising 
the Blackstone Restructuring are tax-free for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.

Section 4.3 Joint and Several Liability. The Blackstone Holders shall be 
jointly and severally liable for all of their respective obligations 
pursuant to Article II and Article III of this Agreement.

Section 4.4 Margin Loan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, 
this Agreement shall not impose any restrictions of any kind on a 
Disposition resulting from the exercise by any Margin Loan Lender of its 
right to foreclosure or similar enforcement action on any of the Margin 
Loan Collateral following the occurrence of a Margin Loan Event of Default; 
provided that immediately after such foreclosure or similar enforcement 
action, the Blackstone-HLT Applicable Percentage, Blackstone-PK Applicable 
Percentage and/or Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage, as applicable, 
shall be increased to reflect such foreclosure or similar enforcement 
action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Blackstone Representative or 
a Spinoff Party provides an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion with respect to such 
foreclosure or similar enforcement action to HLT, such foreclosure or 
similar enforcement action shall not increase the relevant Blackstone 
Applicable Percentage.

Section 4.5 Reallocation Event. Upon a Reallocation Event with respect to 
HLT stock or HGV stock, the Blackstone Representative, on the one hand, and 
the relevant Spinoff Party, on the other, shall use reasonable efforts to 
allocate the Reallocation Event Reduction to and reduce the Blackstone-HLT 
Percentage Shift Limit and/or HLT Percentage Shift Limit, or Blackstone-HGV 
Percentage Shift Limit and/or HGV Percentage Shift Limit, as applicable. If 
the Blackstone Representative and the relevant Spinoff Party do not agree 
on an allocation, the Reallocation Event Reduction shall first be allocated 
to and reduce the relevant HLT Percentage Shift Limit or HGV Percentage 
Shift Limit (but not below the HLT Applicable Percentage or HGV Applicable 
Percentage, respectively, as of the time of the Reallocation
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Event). Any excess Reallocation Event Reduction shall be allocated to and 
reduce the relevant Blackstone-HLT Percentage Shift Limit or Blackstone-HGV 
Percentage Shift Limit (but not below the Blackstone-HLT Applicable 
Percentage or Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage, respectively, as of the 
time of the Reallocation Event). For the avoidance of doubt, the sum 
(immediately before the Reallocation Event) of the Blackstone-HLT 
Percentage Shift Limit and HLT Percentage Shift Limit, or Blackstone-HGV 
Percentage Shift Limit and HGV Percentage Shift Limit, as applicable, shall 
equal the sum (immediately after the Reallocation Event), of the 
Reallocation Event Reduction plus the Blackstone-HLT Percentage Shift Limit 
and HLT Percentage Shift Limit, or Blackstone-HGV Percentage Shift Limit 
and HGV Percentage Shift Limit, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Section 4.5, if the Blackstone Representative or the 
relevant Spinoff Party provides an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion with respect 
to a purported Reallocation Event to HLT, such purported Reallocation Event 
shall not constitute a Reallocation Event.


Section 4.6 Cooperation. The Parties shall reasonably cooperate (and, in 
the case of HLT and HGV, cause the members of the HLT Group and the HGV 
Group, respectively, to reasonably cooperate) in obtaining any Unqualified 
Device Opinion or Unqualified 355(e) Opinion (including making reasonable 
representations required in connection with any such opinion), including by 
maintaining and making available to each other all records necessary in 
connection with such opinions and making employees available on a mutually 
convenient basis to provide additional information or explanation of any 
material provided hereunder.


Section 4.7 Effect of Rulings and Opinion on Section 355(e) Calculations. 
For purposes of computing the (a) HLT Applicable Percentage, (b) HGV 
Applicable Percentage, (c) Blackstone-HLT Applicable Percentage, (d) 
Blackstone-HGV Applicable Percentage, (e) Blackstone-PK Applicable 
Percentage or (f) Reallocation Event Reduction, any calculation of the 
shift of ownership of one or more of the Spinoff Parties under Section 
355(e) shall take into account (i) any IRS private letter ruling received 
by one or more of the Spinoff Parties and/or the Blackstone Entities and 
(ii) any unqualified will opinion of a Qualified Tax Advisor (or, with 
respect to an opinion delivered by HLT, should opinion) addressed to HLT 
and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to HLT, without 
substantive qualifications, in each case addressing the manner in which the 
calculation of such shift is performed.


ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in more than one 
counterpart, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been 
signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties.


Section 5.2 Survival. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or 
the Distribution Agreement, all covenants and agreements of the Parties 
contained in this Agreement shall survive the Distribution Date and remain 
in full force and effect in accordance with their applicable terms.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.3 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands, and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be in English, shall be in 
writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier 
service, by facsimile with receipt confirmed (followed by delivery of an 
original via overnight courier service), or by registered or certified mail 
(postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at 
the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be 
specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 5.3):

To HLT:

Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (703) 883-6188

To HGV:

Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
6355 MetroWest Boulevard, Suite 180
Orlando, Florida 32835
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (407) 722-3776

To the Blackstone Holders:

The Blackstone Group L.P.
345 Park Avenue
New York, New York
Attn: Tyler Henritze
Facsimile: (212) 583-5191

Section 5.4 Waivers. Any consent required or permitted to be given by any 
Party to the other Parties under this Agreement shall be in writing and 
signed by the Party giving such consent and shall be effective only against 
such Party.

Section 5.5 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned without the 
express prior written consent of the other parties hereto, and any 
attempted assignment, without such consents, will be null and void; 
provided, however, that, (i) without the prior written consent of HLT or 
HGV, a Blackstone Entity may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate that 
becomes a party hereto and (ii) this Agreement shall be assignable in whole 
in connection with a merger or consolidation or the sale of all or 
substantially all the assets of a Party hereto so long as the resulting, 
surviving or transferee entity assumes all the obligations of the relevant 
Party hereto by operation of law or pursuant to an agreement in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the other Parties to this Agreement.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.6 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement and 
the obligations and rights hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by (and against) the Parties and their 
respective successors and permitted transferees and assigns.

Section 5.7 Termination and Amendment. This Agreement may not be terminated 
or amended except by an agreement in writing signed by a duly authorized 
representative of each of HLT, HGV and the Blackstone Representative (on 
behalf of the Blackstone Holders). HLT and HGV agree not to amend Sections 
5.4, 9.3 or 13.10 of the Tax Matters Agreement (or the relevant definitions 
used in such Sections), or grant any waivers with respect thereto, without 
the written consent of the Blackstone Representative (on behalf of the 
Blackstone Holders).

Section 5.8 No Circumvention. The Parties agree not to directly or 
indirectly take any actions, act in concert with any Person who takes an 
action, or cause or allow any Subsidiary of such Party to take any actions 
(including the failure to take a reasonable action) such that the resulting 
effect is to materially undermine the effectiveness of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or any Ancillary 
Agreement.

Section 5.9 Subsidiaries. Each of the Parties shall cause to be performed, 
and hereby guarantees the performance of, all actions, agreements and 
obligations set forth herein to be performed by any Subsidiary of such 
Party or by any entity that becomes a Subsidiary of such Party on and after 
the Effective Time, to the extent such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary of 
the applicable Party.

Section 5.10 Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the 
benefit of the Parties and should not be deemed to confer upon third 
parties any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or 
other right in excess of those existing without reference to this 
Agreement; provided that the Blackstone Holders shall be jointly and 
severally liable for any losses, costs, expenses, damages, claims and other 
liabilities (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by PK or any of 
its Affiliates arising, directly or indirectly, from or in connection with 
any breach by any Blackstone Holder of its obligations hereunder.

Section 5.11 Title and Headings. Titles and headings to sections herein are 
inserted for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a 
part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 5.12 Schedules. Any Schedules shall be construed with and as an 
integral part of this Agreement to the same extent as if the same had been 
set forth verbatim herein.

Section 5.13 Specific Performance. In the event of any actual or threatened 
default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of 
this Agreement, the Party who is or is to be thereby aggrieved shall have 
the right to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief 
of its rights under this Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights 
and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be 
cumulative. The Parties agree that the remedies at law for any breach or 
threatened breach, including monetary damages, may be inadequate 
compensation for any loss and that the Parties may be irreparably harmed as 
a result. Accordingly, any defense in any action for specific performance 
that a remedy at law would be adequate is waived. Any requirements for the 
securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are waived by the Parties 
to this Agreement.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.14 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without 
reference to any choice-of-law or conflicts of law principles that would 
result in the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction.

Section 5.15 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the Court of Chancery of the 
State of Delaware and any appeals court thereof or (b) if such court does 
not have subject matter jurisdiction, any other state or federal court 
located within the County of New Castle in the State of Delaware and any 
appeals court thereof (the courts referred to in clauses (a) and (b), the 
Delaware Courts), for the purposes of any suit, action, or other 
proceeding to compel arbitration or for provisional relief in aid of 
arbitration or to prevent irreparable harm, and to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the enforcement of any award issued 
thereunder. Each of the Parties further agrees that service of any process, 
summons, notice, or document by U.S. registered mail to such Partys 
respective address set forth above shall be effective service of process 
for any action, suit, or proceeding in the Delaware Courts with respect to 
any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction in this Section 5.15. 
Each of the Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to 
the laying of venue of any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in the Delaware Courts, 
and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to 
plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding 
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 5.16 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT 
OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY (A) CERTIFIES 
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS 
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN 
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER 
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5.16.

Section 5.17 Force Majeure. No Party (or any Person acting on its behalf) 
shall have any liability or responsibility for failure to fulfill any 
obligation (other than a payment obligation) under this Agreement so long 
as and to the extent to which the fulfillment of such obligation is 
prevented, frustrated, hindered, or delayed as a consequence of 
circumstances of Force Majeure (as defined in the Distribution Agreement). 
A Party claiming the benefit of this provision shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of any such event: (a) notify the other 
applicable Parties of the nature and extent of any such Force Majeure 
condition and (b) use due diligence to remove any such causes and resume 
performance under this Agreement as soon as feasible.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.18 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction 
or interpretation against the party drafting or causing any instrument to 
be drafted.

Section 5.19 Changes in Law.

(a) Any reference to a provision of the Code, Treasury Regulations, or a 
Law of another jurisdiction shall include a reference to any applicable 
successor provision or Law.

(b) If, due to any change in applicable Law or regulations or their 
interpretation by any court of Law or other governing body having 
jurisdiction subsequent to the date hereof, performance of any provision of 
this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby shall become 
impracticable or impossible, the Parties hereto shall use their 
commercially reasonable best efforts to find and employ an alternative 
means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that 
contemplated by such provision.

Section 2.20 Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way 
be affected or impaired thereby. The Parties shall endeavor in good-faith 
negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

Section 5.21 No Waiver. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, 
on the part of any Party, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver hereof or thereof; nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, remedy, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it 
is in writing and is signed by the Party asserted to have granted such 
waiver.

Section 5.22 No Duplication; No Double Recovery. Nothing in this Agreement 
is intended to confer to or impose upon any Party a duplicative right, 
entitlement, obligation, or recovery with respect to any matter arising out 
of the same facts and circumstances.

Section 5.23 No Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and 
any claims or cause of action that may be based upon, arise out of or 
relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of 
this Agreement may only be made against the entities that are expressly 
identified as parties hereto and no past, present or future Affiliate, 
director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, manager, partner, 
stockholder, agent, attorney or representative of any party hereto or any 
of the foregoing shall have any liability for any obligations or 
liabilities of the parties to this Agreement or for any claim based on, in 
respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed the day and year first above written.
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.
 
 
Name:
Title:
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT A23 BREH VI HOLDCO LLC
By: Blackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P., its sole member
By: BREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C., its general partner.
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT BREH VI HOLDCO LLC
By: HLT BREH VI Holdings Holdco LLC, its controlling member
 
 
Name:
Title:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HLT BREH INTL II HOLDCO LLC
By: HLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT A23 HOLDCO LLC
By: Blackstone A23 Holdings LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT BREP VI.TE.2 HOLDCO LLC
By: Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2 L.P., its sole member
By: Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P., its general partner
By: BREA VI L.L.C., its general partner.
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT HOLDCO III, LLC
By: HLT Holdco II LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HLT HOLDCO II, LLC
By: HLT Holdco LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT A23 BREH VI HOLDCO PRIME LLC
By: Blackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P., its sole member
By: BREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C., its general partner
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT BREH VI HOLDCO PRIME LLC
By: HLT BREH VI Holdings Holdco LLC, its controlling member
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT BREH INTL II HOLDCO PRIME LLC
By: HLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HLT A23 HOLDCO PRIME LLC
By: Blackstone A23 Holdings LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT BREP VI.TE.2 HOLDCO PRIME LLC
By: Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI L.P., its sole member
By: Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P., its general partner
By: BREA VI L.L.C., its general partner
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT HOLDCO III PRIME, LLC
By: HLT Holdco II Prime LLC, its sole member
By: HLT Holdco Prime LLC, its sole member
By: BH Hotels Holdco LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
HLT HOLDCO II PRIME, LLC
By: HLT Holdco Prime LLC, its sole member
By: BH Hotels Holdco LLC, its sole member
 
 
Name:
Title:
 
4