 EX-10.1 2 v459282_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of February 7, 
2017, by and among Iao Kun Group Holding Company Limited, a Cayman Islands 
company (“Buyer”), Jia-Heng Industrial Ltd., a Cayman Islands company (the 
“Company”), and the shareholders of the Company listed on Schedule I (each 
a “Beneficial Holder” and collectively the “Beneficial Holders”).
 
WITNESSETH :
         
        A.           The Company and its subsidiaries is in the business of
        developing an electronic trading platform focusing on the
        agricultural industry, especially “Three Rural”, as well as a
        software technology development company in China (the foregoing
        being referred to hereinafter collectively as the “Business”);
         
        B.           The Beneficial Holders own 100% of the issued and
        outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (an aggregate of
        50,000 ordinary shares) and will transfer 25,500 of such ordinary
        shares to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (the “
        Shares”); and
         
        The parties accordingly agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 
The following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings:
     
    1.1           “Action” means any legal action, suit, claim,
    investigation, hearing or proceeding, including any audit, claim or
    assessment for Taxes or otherwise.
     
    1.2           “Additional Agreements” means the Profit Guarantee
    Agreement and the VIE Agreements.
     
    1.3           “Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other
    Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under
    common Control with such Person.
     
    1.4           “Agreement” is defined in the Recitals.
     
    1.5           “Annual Financial Statements” is defined in Section 3.12.
     
    1.6           “Authority” means any governmental, regulatory or
    administrative body, agency or authority, any court or judicial
    authority, any arbitrator, or any public, private or industry
    regulatory authority, whether international, national, Federal, state,
    or local.
     
    1.7           “Basket” is defined in Section 9.1.
     
    1.8           “Beneficial Holder(s)” is defined in the Recitals.
     

 

 

     
    1.9           “Beneficial Holder Indemnitees” is defined in Section
    9.2.
     
    1.10         “Books and Records” means all books and records, ledgers,
    employee records, customer lists, files, correspondence, and other
    records of every kind (whether written, electronic, or otherwise
    embodied) owned or used by a Person or in which a Person’s assets, the
    Business or its transactions are otherwise reflected, other than stock
    books and minute books.
     
    1.11         “Business” is defined in the Recitals.
     
    1.12         “Business Day(s)” means any day or days other than a
    Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking
    institutions in New York are authorized to close for business.
     
    1.13         “Buyer” is defined in the Preamble.
     
    1.14         “Buyer SEC Reports” is defined in Section 4.12.
     
    1.15         “Cash Payment” means the cash payment to be made to the
    Beneficial Holders pursuant to the terms of the Profit Guarantee
    Agreement.
     
    1.16         “Closing” is defined in Section 2.4.
     
    1.17         “Closing Date” is defined in Section 2.4.
     
    1.18         “Closing Payment Shares” means 12,484,000 shares of Buyer
    Common Stock.
     
    1.19         “COBRA” means collectively, the requirements of Sections
    601 through 606 of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code.
     
    1.20         “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
    amended, and the regulations thereunder.
     
    1.21         “Company” is defined in the Recitals.
     
    1.22         “Company Common Stock” is defined in Section 3.5.
     
    1.23         “Company Consent(s)” is defined in Section 3.11.
     
    1.24         “Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreements” is
    defined in Section 7.2.
     

  	2 	 

 

     
    1.25         “Contracts” means the Office Leases and all contracts,
    agreements, leases (including equipment leases, car and truck leases
    and capital leases), licenses, commitments, client contracts,
    statements of work (SOWs), sales and purchase orders and similar
    instruments, oral or written, to which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of its respective assets are
    bound, including any entered into by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries in compliance with Section 5.1 after the signing hereof
    and prior to the Closing, and all rights and benefits thereunder ,
    including all rights and benefits thereunder with respect to all cash
    and other property of third parties under the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries’ dominion or control.
     
    1.26         “Control” of a Person means the possession, directly or
    indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
    management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership
    of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. “Controlled”,
    “Controlling” and “under common Control with” have correlative
    meanings. Without limiting the foregoing a Person (“Controlled Person”)
    shall be deemed Controlled by (a) any other Person (“10% Owner”) (i)
    owning beneficially, as meant in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act,
    securities entitling such Person to cast 10% or more of the votes for
    election of directors or equivalent governing authority of the
    Controlled Person or (ii) entitled to be allocated or receive 10% or
    more of the profits, losses, or distributions of the Controlled Person;
    (b) an officer, director, general partner, partner (other than a
    limited partner), manager, or member (other than a member having no
    management authority that is not a 10% Owner ) of the Controlled
    Person; or (c) a spouse, parent, lineal descendant, sibling, aunt,
    uncle, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, sister-in-law, or
    brother-in-law of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or a trust for
    the benefit of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or of which an
    Affiliate of the Controlled Person is a trustee.
     
    1.27         “Environmental Laws” is defined in Section 3.31.
     
    1.28         “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
    of 1974, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.
     
    1.29         “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
    as amended.
     
    1.30         “Excluded Person(s)” is defined in Section 5.4.
     
    1.31         “Financial Statements” is defined in Section 3.12(a).
     
    1.32         “Indebtedness” means with respect to any Person, (a) all
    obligations of such Person for borrowed money, or with respect to
    deposits or advances of any kind (including amounts by reason of
    overdrafts and amounts owed by reason of letter of credit reimbursement
    agreements) including with respect thereto, all interests, fees and
    costs, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
    debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such
    Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements
    relating to property purchased by such Person, (d) all obligations of
    such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of
    property or services (other than accounts payable to creditors for
    goods and services incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e)
    all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such
    Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be
    secured by) any lien or security interest on property owned or acquired
    by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have
    been assumed, (f) all obligations of such Person under leases required
    to be accounted for as capital leases under IFRS, (g) all guarantees by
    such Person and (h) any agreement to incur any of the same.
     

  	3 	 

 

     
    1.33         “Indemnifiable Loss Limit” is defined in Section 10.1.
     
    1.34         “Indemnification Notice” is defined in Section 10.3(a).
     
    1.35         “Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 10.3.
     
    1.36         “Indemnifying Parties” is defined in Section 10.3.
     
    1.37         “Intellectual Property Right” means any trademark, service
    mark, registration thereof or application for registration therefor,
    trade name, license, invention, patent, patent application, trade
    secret, trade dress, know-how, copyright, copyrightable materials,
    copyright registration, application for copyright registration,
    software programs, data bases, the “犁牛” name and all abbreviations and
    derivations thereof, u.r.l.s., and any other type of proprietary
    intellectual property right, and all embodiments and fixations thereof
    and related documentation, registrations and franchises and all
    additions, improvements and accessions thereto, and with respect to
    each of the forgoing items in this definition, which is owned or
    licensed or filed by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of
    their Affiliates, or used or held for use in the Business, whether
    registered or unregistered or domestic or foreign.
     
    1.38         “Inventory” is defined in the UCC.
     
    1.39         “Labor Agreements” is defined in Section 3.26(a).
     
    1.40         “Law” means any domestic or foreign, Federal, state,
    municipality or local law, statute, ordinance, code, rule, or
    regulation or common law.
     
    1.41         “Lien(s)” means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage,
    lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in
    respect of such asset, and any conditional sale or voting agreement or
    proxy, including any agreement to give any of the foregoing.
     
    1.42         “Loss(es)” is defined in Section 9.1.
     
    1.43         “Material Adverse Change” means (a) a material adverse
    change in the business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise),
    liabilities, results of operations or prospects of the Business
    individually or as a whole (b) a material adverse change in the ability
    of the Beneficial Holders to consummate the transactions contemplated
    by this Agreement, and (c) the diminution of the Company’s trailing
    twelve month EBITDA in an amount equal to or greater than 10%, or;
    provided, however, without prejudicing whether any other matter
    qualifies as a Material Adverse Change, any matter involving a loss or
    payment in excess of $300,000 shall constitute a Material Adverse
    Change, per se.
     

  	4 	 

 

     
    1.44         “Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect
    on the business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise),
    liabilities, results of operations or prospects of the Business,
    individually or as a whole , it being agreed that the diminution of the
    Company’s trailing twelve month EBITDA in an amount equal to or greater
    than 10% shall constitute a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however,
    without prejudicing whether any other matter qualifies as a Material
    Adverse Effect, any matter involving a loss or payment in excess of
    $300,000 shall constitute a Material Adverse Effect, per se.
     
    1.45         “Money Laundering Laws” is defined in Section 3.37.
     
    1.46         “OFAC” is defined in Section 3.38.
     
    1.47         “Office Leases” means the leases with respect to the
    office spaces lease by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in 18/F
    Shangceng International Commerce Office Building , No. 179 Tianhe North
    Road, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China, 510630, as set forth on
    Schedule 3.28 attached hereto, together with all fixtures and
    improvements erected on the premises leased thereby.
     
    1.48         “Order” means any decree, order, judgment, writ, award,
    injunction, rule or consent of or by an Authority.
     
    1.49         “Outside Closing Date” is defined in Section 10.1.
     
    1.50         “Permits” is defined in Section 3.19.
     
    1.51         “Permitted Liens” means (i) all defects, exceptions,
    restrictions, easements, rights of way and encumbrances disclosed in
    policies of title insurance which have been made available to Buyer;
    (ii) mechanics’, carriers’, workers’, repairers’ and similar Liens
    arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not
    material to the Business, operations and financial condition of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries so encumbered and that are not
    resulting from a breach, default or violation by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries of any Contract or Law; and (iii) zoning, entitlement
    and other land use and environmental regulations by any Authority,
    provided that such regulations have not been violated.
     
    1.52         “Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership
    (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited
    liability partnership), limited liability company, association, trust
    or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or
    foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or
    instrumentality thereof.
     
    1.53         “Plan(s)” is defined in Section 3.27(a).
     
    1.54         “Pre-Closing Period” means any period that ends on or
    before the Closing Date or with respect to a period that includes but
    does not end on the Closing Date, the portion of such period through
    and including the day of the Closing.
     

  	5 	 

 

     
    1.55         “Profit Guarantee Agreement” means the agreement in the
    form attached hereto as Exhibit A pursuant to which the Buyer will pay
    the Beneficial Holders up to $62,297,960 in cash if certain performance
    thresholds are met.
     
    1.56         “Purchase Price” is defined in Section 2.2.
     
    1.57         “Purchaser Indemnitees” is defined in Section 9.1.
     
    1.58          “Real Property” means, collectively, all real properties
    and interests therein (including the right to use), together with all
    buildings, fixtures, trade fixtures, plant and other improvements
    located thereon or attached thereto; all rights arising out of use
    thereof (including air, water, oil and mineral rights); and all
    subleases, franchises, licenses, permits, easements and rights-of-way
    which are appurtenant thereto.
     
    1.59         “Restrictive Covenants” is defined in Section 6.2.
     
    1.60         “SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     
    1.61         “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as
    amended.
     
    1.62         “Shares” is defined in the Recitals.
     
    1.63         “Stock Certificates” is defined in Section 2.3(b).
     
    1.64         “Subsidiary” means each entity of which at least fifty
    percent (50%) of the capital stock or other equity or voting securities
    are Controlled or owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company.
     
    1.65         “Tangible Assets” means all tangible personal property and
    interests therein, including machinery, computers and accessories,
    furniture, office equipment, communications equipment, automobiles,
    trucks, forklifts and other vehicles owned or leased by the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries and other tangible property, including the
    items listed on Schedule 3.15;
     
    1.66         “Tax(es)” means any federal, state, local or foreign tax,
    charge, fee, levy, custom, duty, deficiency, or other assessment of any
    kind or nature imposed by any Taxing Authority (including any income
    (net or gross), gross receipts, profits, windfall profit, sales, use,
    goods and services, ad valorem, franchise, license, withholding,
    employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment
    compensation, employment, payroll, transfer, excise, import, real
    property, personal property, intangible property, occupancy, recording,
    minimum, alternative minimum, environmental or estimated tax),
    including any liability therefor as a transferee (including under
    Section 6901 of the Code or similar provision of applicable Law) or
    successor, as a result of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or
    similar provision of applicable Law or as a result of any Tax sharing,
    indemnification or similar agreement, together with any interest,
    penalty, additions to tax or additional amount imposed with respect
    thereto.
     

  	6 	 

 

     
    1.67         “Taxing Authority” means the Internal Revenue Service and
    any other Authority responsible for the collection, assessment or
    imposition of any Tax or the administration of any Law relating to any
    Tax.
     
    1.68         “Tax Return” means any return, information return,
    declaration, claim for refund or credit, report or any similar
    statement, and any amendment thereto, including any attached schedule
    and supporting information, whether on a separate, consolidated,
    combined, unitary or other basis, that is filed or required to be filed
    with any Taxing Authority in connection with the determination,
    assessment, collection or payment of a Tax or the administration of any
    Law relating to any Tax.
     
    1.69         “Third-Party Claim” is defined in Section 10.3(a).
     
    1.70         “UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of
    New York, or any corresponding or succeeding provisions of Laws of the
    State of New York, or any corresponding or succeeding provisions of
    Laws, in each case as the same may have been and hereafter may be
    adopted, supplemented, modified, amended, restated or replaced from
    time to time.
 
    1.71         “VIE Agreements” means the Exclusive Business Cooperation
    Agreement, the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Power of Attorney and
    the Equity Interest Pledge Agreement by each of Mr. Wang Shun Yang and
    Mr. Luo Guo Rui.
 
ARTICLE II
PURCHASE AND SALE
    
2.1           Purchase and Sale. Upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Buyer shall purchase 51% from 
the Beneficial Holders and the Beneficial Holders shall sell, convey, 
transfer, assign and deliver to Buyer the Shares, free and clear of all 
Liens.
    
2.2           Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Shares shall be 
the Closing Payment Shares and the Cash Payment (the “Purchase Price”). The 
Closing Payment Shares shall be payable by Buyer on the Closing Date in the 
form of stock certificates (the “Stock Certificates”) representing in the 
aggregate the number of Closing Payment Shares issued in the name of 
Beneficial Holders in proportion to their respective beneficial ownership 
of the Company as set forth by each Beneficial Holder’s name on Schedule I 
(which at Buyer’s convenience, may be delivered within three (3) Business 
Days after the Closing Date). The Cash Payment shall be made pursuant to 
the terms of the Profit Guarantee Agreement.
    
2.3           Payment of the Closing Payment Shares. The Closing Payment 
Shares shall be payable by Buyer as follows:
 
(a)          The Stock Certificates shall bear the legend set forth on 
Schedule 2.3(b). No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of 
Buyer Common Stock will be issued. Any fractional shares will be rounded to 
the nearest whole share.
    

  	7 	 

 

    
2.4           Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the 
conditions set forth in Article IX, the closing (the “Closing”) of the 
purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place at the offices of Loeb & 
Loeb LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154, on February 20, 2017 
at 10:00 a.m., or at such other date, time or place as Buyer and the 
Beneficial Holders may agree (the date and time at which the Closing is 
actually held being the “Closing Date”). At the Closing:
 
(a)          Buyer shall deliver the Closing Payment Shares in accordance 
with Section 2.3(b).
 
(b)          The Beneficial Holders shall deliver to Buyer certificates 
representing the Shares, duly endorsed in blank, or accompanied by stock 
powers duly executed in blank, with all necessary transfer Tax and other 
revenue stamps, acquired at the Beneficial Holders’ expense, affixed.
    
2.5           Board of Directors.
 
(a)          Immediately after the Closing, the Buyer’s board of directors 
will consist of nine persons, two (2) of which directors will be selected 
by the Beneficial Holders.
 
ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
the Company AND BENEFICIAL HOLDERS
 
The Company and Beneficial Holders and Mr. Wang Shun Yang, jointly and 
severally, hereby represent and warrant to Buyer that each of the following 
representations and warranties is true, correct and complete as of the date 
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date:
    
3.1           Corporate Existence and Power. The Company is a corporation 
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under and by virtue 
of the Laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company has all power and authority, 
corporate and otherwise, and all governmental licenses, franchises, 
Permits, authorizations, consents and approvals required to own and operate 
its properties and assets and to carry on the Business as presently 
conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company is not qualified to 
do business as a foreign entity in any jurisdiction, except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.1, and there is no other jurisdiction in which the character of 
the property owned or leased by the Company or the nature of its activities 
make qualification of the Company in any such jurisdiction necessary. The 
Company has offices located only at the addresses set forth on Schedule 3.1
. The Company has not taken any action, adopted any plan, or made any 
agreement or commitment in respect of any merger, consolidation, sale of 
all or substantially all of its assets, reorganization, recapitalization, 
dissolution or liquidation.
    
3.2           Authorization.       (a) The execution, delivery and 
performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Additional Agreements 
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby 
and thereby are within the corporate powers of the Company and have been 
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company, 
including the unanimous approval of the stockholders of the Company. This 
Agreement constitutes, and, upon their execution and delivery, each of the 
Additional Agreements will constitute, a valid and legally binding 
agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with 
their respective terms.
 

  	8 	 

 

 
(b)          Each Beneficial Holder has full legal capacity, power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Additional 
Agreements to which such Beneficial Holder is named as a party, to perform 
such Beneficial Holder’s obligations hereunder and thereunder and to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement 
has been, and the Additional Agreements to which each Beneficial Holder is 
named as a party, will be at Closing, duly executed and delivered by each 
Beneficial Holder and this Agreement constitutes, and such Additional 
Agreements are, or upon their execution and delivery at Closing will be, 
valid and legally binding agreements of each Beneficial Holder, enforceable 
against him in accordance with their respective terms.
    
3.3           Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery 
nor performance by the Company or any Beneficial Holder of this Agreement 
or any Additional Agreements requires any consent, approval, license or 
other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing 
with, any Authority.
    
3.4           Non-Contravention. None of the execution, delivery or 
performance by the Company or any Beneficial Holder of this Agreement or 
any Additional Agreements does or will (a) contravene or conflict with the 
organizational or constitutive documents of the Company, (b) contravene or 
conflict with or constitute a violation of any provision of any Law or 
Order binding upon or applicable to the Company or any Beneficial Holder, 
or any of the Shares, (c) except for the Contracts listed on Schedule 3.11 
requiring Company Consents (but only as to the need to obtain such Company 
Consents), constitute a default under or breach of (with or without the 
giving of notice or the passage of time or both) or violate or give rise to 
any right of termination, cancellation, amendment or acceleration of any 
right or obligation of the Company or any Beneficial Holder or require any 
payment or reimbursement or to a loss of any material benefit relating to 
the Business to which the Company or any Beneficial Holder is entitled 
under any provision of any Permit, Contract or other instrument or 
obligations binding upon the Company or any Beneficial Holder or by which 
any of the Shares or any of the Company’s assets is or may be bound or any 
Permit, or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of 
the Shares or any of the Company’s assets.
    
3.5           Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization 
consisting of 50,000 shares of common stock, $1 par value per share (“
Company Common Stock”), of which amount 50,000 shares are issued and 
outstanding. No Company Common Stock is held in its treasury. All the 
Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and 
non-assessable and have not been issued in violation of any preemptive or 
similar rights of any Person. All of the issued and outstanding capital 
stock of the Company is owned (and always has been owned) of record by the 
Beneficial Holders as set forth on Schedule I. Upon the Closing, Buyer 
shall receive good, valid and marketable title to all Shares, free and 
clear of all Liens. The only shares of Company Common Stock that will be 
outstanding immediately after the Closing will be the Shares owned by 
Buyer. No other class of capital stock of the Company is authorized or 
outstanding. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.5, there are no: (a) 
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, rights (including “phantom 
stock rights”), calls, commitments, understandings, conversion rights, 
rights of exchange, plans or other agreements of any kind providing for the 
purchase, issuance or sale of any shares of the capital stock of the 
Company, or (b) agreements by any Beneficial Holder with respect to any of 
the Shares, including any voting trust, other voting agreement or proxy 
with respect thereto.
    

  	9 	 

 

    
3.6           Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws. Copies of (a) the 
articles of incorporation of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as 
certified by the Secretary of State of its respective state of 
incorporation, and (b) the by-laws of the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries, certified by the secretary of the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries, respectively, have heretofore been made available to Buyer, 
and such copies are each true and complete copies of such instruments as 
amended and in effect on the date hereof. Neither the Company nor any of 
its Subsidiaries has taken any action in violation or derogation of its 
articles of incorporation or by-laws.
    
3.7           Corporate Records. All proceedings occurring since October 
27, 2015 of the board of directors, including committees thereof, and 
stockholders of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and all consents 
to actions taken thereby, are accurately reflected in the minutes and 
records contained in the corporate minute books of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries. The stock ledgers and stock transfer books of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries are complete and accurate. The stock ledgers and stock 
transfer books and minute book records of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
relating to all issuances and transfers of stock by the Company and its 
Subsidiaries, and all proceedings of the board of directors, including 
committees thereof, and stockholders of the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries since October 27, 2015 have been made available to Buyer, and 
are the original stock ledgers and stock transfer books and minute book 
records of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries or true and correct 
copies thereof.
    
3.8           Affiliates.  Other than the Beneficial Holders, the Company 
is not Controlled by any Person and, other than the Persons listed on 
Schedule 3.10, the Company is not in Control of any other Person. Except as 
set forth on Schedule 3.8, no Beneficial Holder (a) engages in any 
business, except through the Company and its Subsidiaries, or is an 
employee of or provides any service for compensation to, any other business 
concern or (b) owns any equity security of any business concern, except for 
publicly traded securities not in excess of 5% of the issued and 
outstanding securities with respect to such publicly traded securities. 
Schedule 3.8 lists each Contract to which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, or any Beneficial Holder or any Affiliate of 
any Beneficial Holder, on the other hand, is a party. No Beneficial Holder 
(i) owns, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any tangible or 
intangible property (including Intellectual Property Rights) that the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries uses or the use of which is necessary 
for the conduct of the Business or the ownership or operation of any of the 
Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets, or (ii) has engaged in any 
transactions with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.8 
sets forth a complete and accurate list of the Affiliates of the Company 
and its Subsidiaries and the ownership interests in the Affiliate of the 
Company, its Subsidiaries and each Beneficial Holder.
    

  	10 	 

 

    
3.9           Assumed Names. Schedule 3.9 is a complete and correct list of 
all assumed or “doing business as” names currently or, within five (5) 
years of the date of this Agreement used by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, including names on any Websites. Since October 27, 2015, none 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has used any name other than the 
names listed on Schedule 3.9 to conduct the Business. The Company and each 
of its Subsidiaries has filed appropriate “doing business as” certificates 
in all applicable jurisdictions with respect to itself.
    
3.10         Subsidiaries.
 
(a)          Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10, the Company does not 
currently own or within the past five (5) years has owned directly or 
indirectly, securities or other ownership interests in any other entity. 
The Company owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock and 
securities of each Person listed on Schedule 3.10. None of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement relating to the 
formation of any joint venture, association or other entity.
 
(b)          Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under and by virtue of the Laws of the 
jurisdiction of its formation set forth by its name on Schedule 3.10. Each 
Subsidiary has all power and authority, corporate and otherwise, and all 
governmental licenses, franchises, Permits, authorizations, consents and 
approvals required to own and operate its properties and assets and to 
carry on the Business as presently conducted and as proposed to be 
conducted. No Subsidiary is qualified to do business as a foreign entity in 
any jurisdiction, except as set forth by its name on Schedule 3.10, and 
there is no other jurisdiction in which the character of the property owned 
or leased by any Subsidiary or the nature of its activities make 
qualification of such Subsidiary in any such jurisdiction necessary. Each 
Subsidiary has offices located only at the addresses set forth by its name 
on Schedule 3.10. No Subsidiary has taken any action, adopted any plan, or 
made any agreement or commitment in respect of any merger, consolidation, 
sale of all or substantially all of its assets, reorganization, 
recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation.
    
3.11         Consents. The Contracts listed on Schedule 3.11 are the only 
Contracts binding upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any 
Beneficial Holder or by which any of the Shares or any of the Company or 
its Subsidiaries’ assets are bound, requiring a consent, approval, 
authorization, order or other action of or filing with any Person as a 
result of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or any 
of the Additional Agreements or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby or thereby (each of the foregoing, a “Company Consent
”).
    
3.12         Financial Statements.
 
(a)          Attached hereto as Schedule 3.12 are (i) the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of 
and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, consisting of the audited 
consolidated balance sheets as of such dates, the audited consolidated 
income statements for the twelve (12) month periods ended on such dates, 
and the audited consolidated cash flow statements for the twelve (12) month 
periods ended on such dates (the “Annual Financial Statements”).
 

  	11 	 

 

 
(b)          The Financial Statements are complete and accurate and fairly 
present, in conformity with US GAAP applied on a consistent basis, the 
financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates 
thereof and the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
for the periods reflected therein. The Financial Statements (i) were 
prepared from the Books and Records of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
(ii) were prepared on an accrual basis in accordance with US GAAP 
consistently applied; (iii) contain and reflect all necessary adjustments 
and accruals for a fair presentation of the Company and its Subsidiaries’ 
financial condition as of their dates including for all warranty, 
maintenance, service and indemnification obligations; and (iv) contain and 
reflect adequate provisions for all liabilities for all material Taxes 
applicable to the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to the periods 
then ended. The Company has delivered to Buyer complete and accurate copies 
of all “management letters” received by it from its accountants and all 
responses during the last five (5) years by lawyers engaged by the Company 
and its Subsidiaries to inquiries from its accountant or any predecessor 
accountants.
 
(c)          Except as specifically disclosed, reflected or fully reserved 
against on the Annual Financial Statements, and for liabilities and 
obligations of a similar nature and in similar amounts incurred in the 
ordinary course of business since the date of the Annual Financial 
Statements, there are no liabilities, debts or obligations of any nature 
(whether accrued, fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, asserted 
or unasserted or otherwise) relating to the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries. All debts and liabilities, fixed or contingent, which should 
be included under US GAAP on the Annual Financial Statements are included 
therein.
 
(d)          The balance sheet included in the Annual Financial Statements 
accurately reflects the outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries as of the date thereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12, 
none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any Indebtedness.
 
(e)          All financial projections delivered by or on behalf of the 
Company or any Beneficial Holder to Buyer with respect to the Business were 
prepared in good faith using assumptions that the Company believes to be 
reasonable and neither the Company nor any Beneficial Holder is aware of 
the existence of any fact or occurrence of any circumstances that is 
reasonably likely to have an Material Adverse Effect.
    
3.13         Books and Records.
 
(a)          The Books and Records accurately and fairly, in reasonable 
detail, reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of and the 
providing of services by the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and 
its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls 
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that:
     
    (i)          transactions are executed only in accordance with
    management’s authorization;
     

  	12 	 

 

     
    (ii)         all income and expense items are promptly and properly
    recorded for the relevant periods in accordance with the revenue
    recognition and expense policies maintained by the Company as permitted
    by US GAAP;
     
    (iii)        access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
    management’s authorization; and
     
    (iv)        recorded assets are compared with existing assets at
    reasonable intervals, and appropriate action is taken with respect to
    any differences.
 
(b)          The Company has heretofore made all Books and Records 
available to Buyer for its inspection and has heretofore delivered to Buyer 
complete and accurate copies of all documents referred to in the Schedules 
to this Agreement or that Buyer otherwise has requested. All Contracts, 
documents, and other papers or copies thereof delivered to Buyer by or on 
behalf of the Company are accurate, complete, and authentic.
 
(c)          All accounts, books and ledgers of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries have been properly and accurately kept and completed in all 
material respects, and there are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies 
of any kind contained or reflected therein. None of the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries has any records, systems controls, data or information 
recorded, stored, maintained, operated or otherwise wholly or partly 
dependent on or held by any means (including any mechanical, electronic or 
photographic process, whether computerized or not) which (including all 
means of access thereto and therefrom) are not under the exclusive 
ownership (excluding licensed software programs) and direct control of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and which is not located at the relevant 
Office.
    
3.14         Absence of Certain Changes. (a) Since October 27, 2015, the 
Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted the Business in the ordinary 
course consistent with past practices, and there has not been:
 
(a)          any Material Adverse Change or in any material diminishment in 
the value to Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby;
 
(b)          any transaction, Contract or other instrument entered into, or 
commitment made, by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the 
Business or any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets (including the 
acquisition or disposition of any assets) or any relinquishment by the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any contract or other right, in 
either case other than transactions and commitments in the ordinary course 
of business consistent in all respects, including kind and amount, with 
past practices and those contemplated by this Agreement;
 
(c)          any bonus, salary or other compensation paid or agreed to be 
paid to any employee except in accordance with Schedule 3.25(a) hereto;
 
(d)          any creation or other incurrence of any Lien other than 
Permitted Liens on any Shares or any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ 
assets; or
 

  	13 	 

 

 
(e)          the redemption of, declaration or payment of any dividend or 
other distribution with respect to, the equity interests of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries.
 
Since October 27, 2015, through and including the date hereof, none of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action nor has any event 
occurred which would have violated the covenants of the Company set forth 
in Section 5.1 herein if such action had been taken or such event had 
occurred between the date hereof and the Closing Date.
    
3.15         Properties; Title to the Company and its Subsidiaries’ Assets
.
 
(a)          The Tangible Assets have no defects, are in good operating 
condition and repair and function in accordance with their intended uses 
(ordinary wear and tear excepted) and have been properly maintained, and 
are suitable for their present uses and meet all specifications and 
warranty requirements with respect thereto. Schedule 3.15 sets forth a 
complete list, setting forth a description and location, of the Tangible 
Assets as of a date within five days of the date of this Agreement. All of 
the Tangible Assets are located at the offices of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries.
 
(b)          Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good, valid and 
marketable title in and to, or, in the case of the Office Lease and the 
assets which are leased or licensed pursuant to Contracts, a valid 
leasehold interest or license in or a right to use each of its respective 
assets, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. The Company 
and its Subsidiaries’ assets constitute all of the assets of any kind or 
description whatsoever, including goodwill, that are used or useful in the 
operation of the Business.
    
3.16         Litigation. There is no Action (or any basis therefor) pending 
against, or to the best knowledge of the Company threatened against or 
affecting, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their officers or 
directors, any Beneficial Holder, the Business, or any Shares or any of the 
Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets or any Contract before any court, 
Authority or official or which in any manner challenges or seeks to 
prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the transactions contemplated hereby or by 
the Additional Agreements. There are no outstanding judgments against the 
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Beneficial Holder. None of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is now, nor has it been in the past five 
(5) years, subject to any proceeding with the Federal Trade Commission or 
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any comparable state or 
foreign agency.
    
3.17         Contracts.
 
(a)          Each Contract is a valid and binding agreement, and is in full 
force and effect, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is 
party thereto nor, to the Company’s best knowledge, any other party 
thereto, is in breach or default (whether with or without the passage of 
time or the giving of notice or both) under the terms of any such Contract. 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has assigned, delegated, or 
otherwise transferred any of its rights or obligations with respect to any 
Contracts, or granted any power of attorney with respect thereto or to any 
of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets. No Contract (i) requires the 
Company or an of its Subsidiaries to post a bond or deliver any other form 
of security or payment to secure its obligations thereunder or (ii) imposes 
any non-competition covenants that may be binding on, or restrict the 
Business or require any payments by or with respect to Buyer or any of its 
Affiliates. The Company has given to Buyer true and correct (A) fully 
executed copies of each written Contract and (B) written summaries of each 
oral Contract.
 

  	14 	 

 

 
(b)          The Contracts constitute all the material agreements, 
statements of work, purchase orders, arrangements, understandings and other 
instruments in effect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a 
party or to which any Shares or any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ 
assets are bound. Schedule 3.17 lists all material Contracts, oral or 
written, separately referencing the applicable subsection below in each 
case, including:
     
    (i)          all client Contracts which have generated revenues to the
    Company and its Subsidiaries or are expected to generate revenues to
    the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of $10,000 in any of the
    current or next two (2) fiscal years or any of the two (2) preceding
    fiscal years of the Company;
     
    (ii)         any other Contract pursuant to which the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries is required to pay, has paid or is entitled to receive
    or has received an amount in excess of $10,000 during the current
    fiscal year or any one of the two preceding fiscal years;
     
    (iii)        all employment Contracts, employee leasing Contracts, and
    consultant and sales representatives Contracts;
     
    (iv)        all material sales, agency, factoring, commission and
    distribution contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    is a party;
     
    (v)         all ongoing agreements for purchases or receipt by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries of media, supplies, equipment, goods
    or services (other than under Section 3.17(b)(ii) or (iii));
     
    (vi)        all joint venture, strategic alliance, limited liability
    company and partnership agreements to which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party;
     
    (vii)       all significant documents relating to any acquisitions or
    dispositions of assets by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
     
    (viii)      all material licensing agreements, including agreements
    licensing Intellectual Property Rights, other than “shrink wrap”
    licenses;
     
    (ix)         all secrecy, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements
    restricting the conduct of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
     
    (x)          all contracts relating to patents, trademarks, service
    marks, trade names, brands, copyrights, trade secrets and other
    Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
     

  	15 	 

 

     
    (xi)         all guarantees, indemnification arrangements and other
    hold harmless arrangements made or provided by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries, including all ongoing agreements for repair,
    warranty, maintenance, service, indemnification or similar obligations;
     
    (xii)        all contracts or agreements with or pertaining to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries to which or any Beneficial Holder or
    any Affiliate of any Beneficial Holder is a party;
     
    (xiii)       all agreements relating to real and tangible personal
    property, including any Real Property lease, sublease or space sharing,
    license or occupancy agreement, whether the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is granted or granting rights thereunder to occupy or use
    any premises;
     
    (xiv)      any agreement to manufacture any goods to which the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries is a party;
     
    (xv)       all material agreements relating to Tangible Assets; and
     
    (xvi)      all agreements relating to outstanding Indebtedness.
 
(c)          None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to 
any Contract which prohibits, limits or restricts any use by it of any 
information regarding its customers, including limiting the solicitation of 
or other communication by it with its customers or providing any 
information regarding its customers to any third party. Each of the Company 
and its Subsidiaries has acted in compliance in all material respects with 
all terms and conditions and privacy policies published on each website, 
including with respect to its use of information regarding customers. 
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.17(c), the disclosure to Buyer, and the 
use by it, of customer identities and information regarding them and 
communications with them by Buyer, will not violate any Contract.
 
(d)          Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with 
all covenants, including all financial covenants, in all notes, indentures, 
bonds and other instruments or agreements evidencing any Indebtedness.
    

  	16 	 

 

    
3.18         Insurance.          Schedule 3.18 contains a true, complete 
and correct list (including the names and addresses of the insurers, the 
names of the Persons if other than the Company and its Subsidiaries to whom 
such insurance policies have been issued, the expiration dates thereof, the 
annual premiums and payment terms thereof, whether it is a “claims made” or 
an “occurrence” policy and a brief identification of the nature of the 
policy) of all liability, property, workers’ compensation and other 
insurance policies currently in effect that insure the property, assets or 
business of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective 
employees (other than self-obtained insurance policies by such employees). 
Each such insurance policy is valid and binding and in full force and 
effect, all premiums due thereunder have been paid and none of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries have received any notice of cancellation or 
termination in respect of any such policy or default thereunder. Each of 
the Company and the Beneficial Holders believes such insurance policies, in 
light of the nature of the Company and its Subsidiaries’ business, assets 
and properties, are in amounts and have coverage that are reasonable and 
customary for Persons engaged in such business and having such assets and 
properties. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the 
knowledge of the Company, the Person to whom such policy has been issued, 
has received notice that any insurer under any policy referred to in this 
Section 3.18 is denying liability with respect to a claim thereunder or 
defending under a reservation of rights clause. Except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.18, within the last two (2) years none of the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries has filed for any claims exceeding $10,000 against any of 
its insurance policies, exclusive of automobile and health insurance 
policies. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received 
written notice from any of its insurance carriers or brokers that any 
premiums will be materially increased in the future, and does not have any 
reason to believe that any insurance coverage listed on Schedule 3.18 will 
not be available in the future on substantially the same terms as now in 
effect.
    
3.19         Licenses and Permits.          Schedule 3.19 correctly lists 
each license, franchise, permit, order or approval or other similar 
authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the Business, together 
with the name of the Authority issuing the same (the “Permits”). Such 
Permits are valid and in full force and effect, and none of the Permits 
will, assuming the related Company Consents have been obtained or waived 
prior to the Closing Date, be terminated or impaired or become terminable 
as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company and its 
Subsidiaries have all Permits necessary to operate the Business.
    
3.20         Compliance with Laws.          None of the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries is in violation of, has violated, and to the Company’s 
best knowledge, is neither under investigation with respect to nor has been 
threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation or alleged 
violation of, any Law, or judgment, order or decree entered by any court, 
arbitrator or Authority, domestic or foreign, nor is there any basis for 
any such charge and within the last 12 months none of the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries has received any subpoenas by any Authority.
 
(a)          Without limiting the foregoing paragraph, none of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of, has not violated, and to the 
Company’s best knowledge is not under investigation with respect to nor has 
been threatened or charged with or given notice of any violation of any 
provisions of:
     
    (i)          Any Law applicable due to the specific nature of the
    Business;
     
    (ii)         the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;
     
    (iii)        the Ethics in Government Act;
     
    (iv)        the Lobbying Disclosure Act;
     
    (v)         any comparable or similar Law of any jurisdiction; or
     

  	17 	 

 

     
    (vi)        any Law regulating or covering conduct in, or the nature
    of, the workplace, including regarding sexual harassment or, on any
    impermissible basis, a hostile work environment.
 
No permit, license or registration is required by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries in the conduct of the Business under any of the Laws described 
in this Section 3.20.
    
3.21         Intellectual Property.
 
(a)          Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true, correct and complete list of 
all Intellectual Property Rights, specifying as to each, as applicable: (i) 
the nature of such Intellectual Property Right; (ii) the owner of such 
Intellectual Property Right; (iii) the jurisdictions by or in which such 
Intellectual Property Right has been issued or registered or in which an 
application for such issuance or registration has been filed; and (iv) all 
licenses, sublicenses and other agreements pursuant to which any Person is 
authorized to use such Intellectual Property Right.
 
(b)          Within the past five (5) years (or prior thereto if the same 
is still pending or subject to appeal or reinstatement) none of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries has been sued or charged in writing with or been 
a defendant in any Action that involves a claim of infringement of any 
Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company has no knowledge of any other 
claim of infringement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no 
knowledge of any continuing infringement by any other Person of any 
Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
(c)          Neither the current use by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, or any of their Affiliates, of the Intellectual Property 
Rights infringes, nor the use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or 
any of their Affiliates, of the Intellectual Property Rights after the 
Closing will infringe, the rights of any other Person. Any Intellectual 
Property used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the performance 
of any services under any Contract is, and upon the performance of such 
Contract remains, owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and no 
client, customer or other third-party has any claim of ownership on the 
Intellectual Property.
 
(d)          Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.21(c), all employees, 
agents, consultants or contractors who have contributed to or participated 
in the creation or development of any copyrightable, patentable or trade 
secret material on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any 
predecessor in interest thereto either: (i) is a party to a “work-for-hire” 
agreement under which the Company or its Subsidiary is deemed to be the 
original owner/author of all property rights therein; or (ii) has executed 
an assignment or an agreement to assign in favor of the Company or its 
Subsidiary (or such predecessor in interest, as applicable) all right, 
title and interest in such material.
 

  	18 	 

 

 
3.22         Accounts Receivable; Loans.
 
(a)          All accounts, receivables and notes of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries, whether reflected on Schedule 3.23 or otherwise, represent 
valid obligations arising from services actually performed or goods 
actually sold by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of 
business. To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no contest, 
claim, or right of setoff in any agreement with any maker of an account 
receivable or note relating to the amount or validity of such account, 
receivables or note. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.23, to the best 
knowledge of the Company all accounts, receivables or notes are good and 
collectible in the ordinary course of business. The information set forth 
on Schedule 3.23 separately identifies any and all accounts, receivables or 
notes of the Company and its Subsidiaries which are owed by any Affiliate 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
(b)          None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is indebted to 
any of its Affiliates and no Affiliates are indebted to the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries.
    
3.23         Pre-payments. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24, none of 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any payments with 
respect to any services to be rendered or goods to be provided after the 
Closing.
    
3.24         Employees.
 
(a)          Schedule 3.25(a) sets forth a true, correct and complete list 
of the names, titles, annual salaries or wage rates and other compensation, 
vacation and fringe benefits, claims under benefit plans, resident alien 
status (if applicable), residence addresses, social security numbers, and 
office location of all salaried employees of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries and indicating part-time and full-time employment and all 
changes in salaries and wage rates per employee since January 1, 2014. None 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Beneficial Holder has 
promised any employee, consultant or agent of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries that he or she will continue to be employed by or render 
services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or receive any 
particular benefits from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Buyer 
any of its Affiliates on or after the Closing.
 
(b)          Except as set forth on Schedule 3.25(b), none of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or subject to any employment 
contract, consulting agreement, collective bargaining agreement, 
confidentiality agreement restricting the activities of the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries, non-competition agreement restricting the activities 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any similar agreement, and 
there has been no activity or proceeding by a labor union or representative 
thereof to organize any employees of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries.
    

  	19 	 

 

    
3.25         Employment Matters.
 
(a)          Schedule 3.26(a) sets forth a true and complete list of every 
employment agreement, commission agreement, employee group or executive 
medical, life, or disability insurance plan, and each incentive, bonus, 
profit sharing, retirement, deferred compensation, equity, phantom stock, 
stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation right or severance plan of 
the Company and its Subsidiaries now in effect or under which the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries has or might have any obligation, or any 
understanding between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any 
employee concerning the terms of such employee’s employment that does not 
apply to the Company and its Subsidiaries’ employees generally 
(collectively, “Labor Agreements”). The Company has previously delivered to 
Buyer true and complete copies of each such Labor Agreement, any employee 
handbook or policy statement of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and 
complete and correct information concerning the Company and its 
Subsidiaries’ employees, including with respect to the (i) name, residence 
address, and social security number; (ii) position; (iii) compensation; 
(iv) vacation and other fringe benefits; (v) claims under any benefit plan; 
and (vii) resident alien status (if applicable). Schedule 3.26(a) sets 
forth a true and complete list of the names, addresses and titles of the 
directors, officers and managers of each of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries.
 
(b)          Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.26(b):
     
    (i)          all employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries are
    employees at will, and the employment of each employee by the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries may be terminated immediately by the Company
    or its Subsidiary, as applicable, without any cost or liability except
    severance in accordance with the Company and its Subsidiaries’ standard
    severance practice as disclosed on Schedule 3.26(b);
     
    (ii)         to the best knowledge of the Company, no employee of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any plan to terminate his or her
    employment now or in the near future, whether as a result of the
    transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise;
     
    (iii)        to the best knowledge of the Company, no employee of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in the ordinary course of his or
    her duties, has breached or will breach any obligation to a former
    employer in respect of any covenant against competition or soliciting
    clients or employees or servicing clients or confidentiality or any
    proprietary right of such former employer; and
     
    (iv)        None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party
    to any collective bargaining agreement, has any material labor
    relations problems, and there is no pending representation question or
    union organizing activity respecting employees of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries.
 
(c)          Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied in all 
material respects with all Labor Agreements and all applicable laws 
relating to employment or labor. There is no legal prohibition with respect 
to the permanent residence of any employee of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries in the United States or his or her permanent employment by the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.26(c)
, no present or former employee, officer, director or manager of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, or will have at the Closing Date, 
any claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any matter 
including for wages, salary, or vacation or sick pay, or otherwise under 
any Labor Agreement. All accrued obligations of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries applicable to its employees, whether arising by operation of 
Law, by Contract, by past custom or otherwise, for payments by the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries to any trust or other fund or to any Authority, 
with respect to unemployment or disability compensation benefits, social 
security benefits, under ERISA or otherwise, have been paid or adequate 
accruals therefor have been made.
    

  	20 	 

 

    
3.26         Withholding. All accrued obligations of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries applicable to its employees, whether arising by operation of 
Law, by contract, by past custom or otherwise, for payments by the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries to trusts or other funds or to any governmental 
agency, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security 
benefits or any other benefits for its employees with respect to the 
employment of said employees through the date hereof have been paid or 
adequate accruals therefor have been made on the Financial Statements. All 
reasonably anticipated obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries with 
respect to such employees (except for those related to wages during the pay 
period immediately prior to the Closing Date and arising in the ordinary 
course of business), whether arising by operation of Law, by contract, by 
past custom, or otherwise, for salaries and holiday pay, bonuses and other 
forms of compensation payable to such employees in respect of the services 
rendered by any of them prior to the date hereof have been or will be paid 
by the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date.
Employee Benefits and Compensation. 
.
 
(a)          Schedule 3.27 sets forth a true and complete list of each 
“employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), bonus, 
deferred compensation, equity-based or non-equity-based incentive, 
severance or other plan or written agreement relating to employee or 
director benefits or employee or director compensation or fringe benefits, 
maintained or contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at 
any time during the 7-calendar year period immediately preceding the date 
hereof and/or with respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
could incur or could have incurred any direct or indirect, fixed or 
contingent liability (each a “Plan” and collectively, the “Plans”). Each 
Plan is and has been maintained in substantial compliance with all 
applicable laws, including but not limited to ERISA, and has been 
administered and operated in all material respects in accordance with its 
terms.
    
3.27         Real Property.
 
(a)          Except for the Office Leases set forth on Schedule 3.28, none 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owns, or otherwise has an 
interest in, any Real Property, including under any Real Property lease, 
sublease, space sharing, license or other occupancy agreement. Each of the 
Company and its Subsidiaries has good, valid and subsisting title to its 
respective leasehold estates in the offices described on Schedule 3.28, 
free and clear of all Liens. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
has breached or violated any local zoning ordinance, and no notice from any 
Person has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
served upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries claiming any violation 
of any local zoning ordinance.
 

  	21 	 

 

 
(b)          With respect to each Office Lease: (i) it is valid, binding 
and in full force and effect; (ii) all rents and additional rents and other 
sums, expenses and charges due thereunder have been paid; (iii) the lessee 
has been in peaceable possession since the commencement of the original 
term thereof; (iv) no waiver, indulgence or postponement of the lessee’s 
obligations thereunder has been granted by the lessor; (v) there exists no 
default or event of default thereunder by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or by any other party thereto; (vi) there exists no 
occurrence, condition or act which, with the giving of notice, the lapse of 
time or the happening of any further event or condition, would become a 
default or event of default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
thereunder; and (vii) there are no outstanding claims of breach or 
indemnification or notice of default or termination thereunder. The Company 
holds the leasehold estates on the Office Leases, free and clear of all 
Liens, except for Liens of mortgagees of the Real Property in which such 
leasehold estate is located. The Real Property leased by the Company is in 
a state of maintenance and repair in all material respects adequate and 
suitable for the purposes for which it is presently being used, and there 
are no material repair or restoration works likely to be required in 
connection with any of the leased Real Properties. The Company is in 
physical possession and actual and exclusive occupation of the whole of the 
leased property, none of which is subleased or assigned to another Person. 
The Office Leases lease all useable square footage of the premise located 
at the leased Real Property. The Company does not owe any brokerage 
commission with respect to any Real Property.
    
3.28         Accounts. Schedule 3.29 sets forth a true, complete and 
correct list of the checking accounts, deposit accounts, safe deposit 
boxes, and brokerage, commodity and similar accounts of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries, including the account number and name, the name of each 
depositary or financial institution and the address where such account is 
located and the authorized signatories thereto.
    
3.29         Tax Matters.
 
(a)          (i) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has duly and 
timely filed all Tax Returns which are required to be filed by or with 
respect to it, and has paid all Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
which have become due; (ii) all such Tax Returns are true, correct and 
complete and accurate and disclose all Taxes required to be paid; (iii) 
except as set forth on Schedule 3.30, all such Tax Returns have been 
examined by the relevant Taxing Authority or the period for assessment for 
Taxes in respect of such Tax Returns has expired; (iv) there is no Action, 
pending or proposed or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened, 
with respect to Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for 
which a Lien may be imposed upon any of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ 
assets and, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, no basis exists 
therefor; (v) no statute of limitations in respect of the assessment or 
collection of any Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for 
which a Lien may be imposed on any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ 
assets has been waived or extended, which waiver or extension is in effect; 
and (vi) the Company and each Subsidiary has complied with all applicable 
Laws relating to the reporting, payment, collection and withholding of 
Taxes and have duly and timely withheld or collected, paid over to the 
applicable Taxing Authority and reported all Taxes (including income, 
social, security and other payroll Taxes) required to be withheld or 
collected by the Company or such Subsidiary.
    

  	22 	 

 

    
3.30         Environmental Laws.      Each of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all Laws relating 
to pollution or the protection of the environment or human health or 
hazardous materials (“Environmental Laws”), and there is not and there has 
not been at any time any notice, demand, request for information, 
complaint, order, investigation, or review pending or, to the best 
knowledge of the Company, threatened by any Authority with respect to any 
alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any 
Environmental Law. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been 
requested by any Authority to pay any sum of money, or otherwise aid or 
take any action or refrain from taking actions, to abate or remediate any 
environmental occurrence or condition (including removal of asbestos or any 
other potentially hazardous substance). Any Real Property owned by the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their Affiliates, is in 
compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws and no 
Phase I or Phase II Site Assessments for any such Real Property have 
identified any violations of any Environmental Laws in connection 
therewith.
    
3.31         Finders’ Fees.      There is no investment banker, broker, 
finder or other intermediary which has been retained by or is authorized to 
act on behalf of the Company, any Beneficial Holder or any of their 
Affiliates who might be entitled to any fee or commission from Buyer or any 
of its Affiliates (including the Company following the Closing) upon 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
    
3.32         Powers of Attorney and Suretyships.     Except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.33, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any 
general or special powers of attorney outstanding (whether as grantor or 
grantee thereof) or any obligation or liability (whether actual, accrued, 
accruing, contingent, or otherwise) as guarantor, surety, co-signer, 
endorser, co-maker, indemnitor or otherwise in respect of the obligation of 
any Person.
    
3.33         Directors and Officers.     Schedule 3.34 sets forth a true, 
correct and complete list of all officers of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries. The Persons listed on Schedule 3.34 are, and since the date 
of formation, have been, the only directors of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries.
    
3.34         Other Information.     Neither this Agreement nor any of the 
documents or other information made available to Buyer or its Affiliates, 
attorneys, accountants, agents or representatives pursuant hereto or in 
connection with Buyer’s due diligence review of the Business, the Shares, 
any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets or the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement contains or will contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 
To the best knowledge of the Company, the Company and the Beneficial 
Holders provided Buyer all material information regarding the Business.
    

  	23 	 

 

    
3.35         Certain Business Practices. Neither the Company, nor any 
Subsidiary, nor any director, officer, agent, employee, shareholder or any 
Beneficial Holder of the Company or any Subsidiary (in their capacities as 
such) has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, 
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, 
(ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials 
or employees, to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or 
violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or 
(iii) made any other unlawful payment. Neither the Company, nor any 
Subsidiary, nor any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or 
any Subsidiary (nor any Person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing, 
but solely in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent 
of the Company) has, since January 1, 2000, directly or indirectly, given 
or agreed to give any gift or similar benefit in any material amount to any 
customer, supplier, governmental employee or other Person who is or may be 
in a position to help or hinder the Company or any Subsidiary or assist the 
Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any actual or proposed 
transaction, which, if not given could reasonably be expected to have had 
an adverse effect on the Company or any Subsidiary, or which, if not 
continued in the future, could reasonably be expected to adversely affect 
the business or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary that could 
reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any Subsidiary to suit or 
penalty in any private or governmental litigation or proceeding.
    
3.36         Money Laundering Laws.    The operations of the Company and 
each Subsidiary are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with 
laundering statutes in all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and 
regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or 
guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental authority 
(collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”), and no Action involving the 
Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is 
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.
    
3.37         OFAC.     None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any director or 
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, or, to the knowledge of the 
Beneficial Holders, the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent, employee, 
affiliate or Person acting on behalf of the Company is currently identified 
on the specially designated nationals or other blocked person list or 
otherwise currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“OFAC”); 
and the Company or any Subsidiary has not, directly or indirectly, used any 
funds, or loaned, contributed or otherwise made available such funds to any 
Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, in connection with any 
sales or operations in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Myanmar or any other 
country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose of financing the activities 
of any Person currently subject to, or otherwise in violation of, any U.S. 
sanctions administered by OFAC in the last five (5) fiscal years.
    
3.38         Additional Foreign Business Representations and Warranties.
 
(a)          All material consents, approvals, authorizations or licenses 
requisite under relevant foreign law for the due and proper establishment 
and operation of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been duly obtained 
from the relevant foreign Authority and are in full force and effect.
 
(b)          All filings and registrations with the relevant foreign 
Authorities required in respect of the Company and its Subsidiaries and 
their respective operations including, without limitation, the registration 
with and/or approval by relevant tax bureau and customs offices and other 
relevant foreign Authorities have been duly completed in accordance with 
the relevant foreign rules and regulations, except where the failure to 
complete such filings and registrations does not, and would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 

  	24 	 

 

 
(c)          The Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with all 
relevant foreign laws and regulations regarding the contribution and 
payment of their registered share capital.
 
(d)          Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in receipt 
of any letter or notice from any relevant foreign Authority notifying it of 
the revocation, or otherwise questioning the validity, of any licenses or 
qualifications issued to it or any subsidy granted to it by any relevant 
foreign Authority for non-compliance with the terms thereof or with 
applicable foreign laws, or the need for compliance or remedial actions in 
respect of the activities carried out by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, except where the notice or the letter does not, and would 
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(e)          The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their 
respective business activities within the permitted scope of business or 
have otherwise operated their respective businesses in compliance, in all 
material respects, with all relevant legal requirements and with all 
requisite licenses and approvals granted by competent foreign Authorities, 
except where such non-compliance has not had and would not reasonably be 
expected to have, resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. As to licenses, 
approvals and government grants and concessions requisite or material for 
the conduct of any part of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ business 
which is subject to periodic renewal, the Beneficial Holders, the Company 
and each Subsidiary have no knowledge of any grounds on which such 
requisite renewals will not be granted by the relevant foreign Authorities, 
except where such grounds do not, and would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(f)          With regard to employment and staff or labor, the Company and 
its Subsidiaries have complied, in all material respects, with all 
applicable foreign laws and regulations, including without limitation, laws 
and regulations pertaining to welfare funds, social benefits, medical 
benefits, insurance, retirement benefits, pensions or the like.
    
3.39         Investment Representations.     Each Beneficial Holder hereby 
acknowledges, represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Buyer as 
follows:
 
(a)          Each Beneficial Holder is acquiring the Closing Payment Shares 
for its own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to 
or for the resale, distribution or fractionalization thereof, in whole or 
in part, and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest 
in such Securities;
 
(b)          Each Beneficial Holder acknowledges its understanding that the 
Closing Payment Shares are being offered pursuant to an exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act, by virtue of Section 4(2) of the 
Securities Act In furtherance thereof and each such Beneficial Holder 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Buyer as follows: (i) each 
Beneficial Holder has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of 
his investment in the Closing Payment Shares, has adequate means for 
providing for his current needs and personal contingencies and has no need 
for liquidity with respect to his investment in the Buyer; (ii) each 
Beneficial Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Closing Payment Shares and has obtained, in his judgment, 
sufficient information from the Buyer to evaluate the merits and risks of 
an investment in the Closing Payment Shares. Each Beneficial Holder has not 
utilized any person as his purchaser representative in connection with 
evaluating such merits and risks; and (iii) Each Beneficial Holder hereby 
confirms that he, she or it is an Accredited Investor, as defined in Rule 
501 of the Securities Act.
 

  	25 	 

 

 
(c)          Each Beneficial Holder: (i) has evaluated the risks of a 
purchase of the Closing Payment Shares, and has relied solely (except as 
indicated in subsections (ii) through (iv) below) on the information 
contained herein in making the investment in the Closing Payment Shares; 
(ii) has been provided an opportunity to obtain any additional information 
concerning the Buyer and all other information to the extent the Buyer 
possesses such information or could acquire it without unreasonable effort 
or expense; (iii) has been given the opportunity to ask questions of, and 
receive answers from, the Buyer concerning the terms and conditions of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and other matters pertaining to 
this Agreement, and has been given the opportunity to obtain such 
additional information necessary to verify the accuracy of the information 
which has been provided in order for it to evaluate the merits and risks of 
an investment in the Buyer to the extent the Buyer possess such information 
or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, and has not 
been furnished any other offering literature or prospectus except as 
mentioned herein; (iv) has reviewed copies of the Buyer SEC Reports; and 
(v) has determined that the Closing Payment Shares are a suitable 
investment for it and that at this time it could bear a complete loss of 
its investment;
 
(d)          Each Beneficial Holder acknowledges and agrees that (i) the 
Buyer has not furnished any legal or tax advice in connection with an 
investment in the Buyer, (ii) Each Beneficial Holder has been advised to 
consult with its own legal and tax advisors relating to the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Buyer, (iii) to the extent desired and 
each such Beneficial Holder has consulted with its own legal and tax 
advisors relating to his investment in the Buyer, and (iv) Each Beneficial 
Holder is not relying on any legal or tax advice from the Buyer. Each 
Beneficial Holder represents that it is not investing in the Buyer for the 
purpose of obtaining any tax benefit.
 
(e)          Each Beneficial Holder represents, warrants and agrees that it 
will not sell or otherwise transfer the Closing Payment Shares without 
registration under the Act or an exemption therefrom, and fully understands 
and agrees that it must bear the economic risk of its purchase for an 
indefinite period of time because, among other reasons, the Closing Payment 
Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or under the 
securities laws of any state and, therefore, cannot be resold, pledged, 
assigned or otherwise disposed of unless they are subsequently registered 
under the Securities Act and under the applicable state securities laws or 
an exemption from such registration is available.
 

  	26 	 

 

 
ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER
 
Buyer hereby represents and warrants to the Company and the Beneficial 
Holders that:
    
4.1           Corporate Existence and Power. Buyer is a corporation duly 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands.
    
4.2           Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery and 
performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Additional Agreements and 
the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby are within the corporate powers of Buyer and have been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Buyer. This 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer and it constitutes, 
and upon their execution and delivery, the Additional Agreements will 
constitute, a valid and legally binding agreement of Buyer, enforceable 
against it in accordance with its terms.
    
4.3           Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery 
nor performance by Buyer of this Agreement requires any consent, approval, 
license or other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration 
or filing with, any Authority.
    
4.4           Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by 
Buyer of this Agreement do not and will not (i) contravene or conflict with 
the organizational or constitutive documents of Buyer, or (ii) contravene 
or conflict with or constitute a violation of any provision of any Law, 
judgment, injunction, order, writ, or decree binding upon Buyer.
    
4.5           Finders’ Fees. There is no investment banker, broker, finder 
or other intermediary which has been retained by or is authorized to act on 
behalf of Buyer or any of its Affiliates who might be entitled to any fee 
or commission from the Beneficial Holders or any of their Affiliates upon 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of 
the Additional Agreements.
    
4.6           Issuance of Shares. The Closing Payment Shares, when issued 
in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly authorized and validly 
issued, and will be fully paid and nonassessable.
    
4.7           Listing. The Buyer Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq 
Capital Market. There is no action or proceeding pending or, to Buyer’s 
knowledge, threatened against Buyer by the Nasdaq Capital Market with 
respect to any intention by such entity to suspend or delist the trading of 
the Buyer Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
    

  	27 	 

 

  
4.8           SEC Filings and Buyer Financial Statements. Buyer has filed 
all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents, including 
any exhibits thereto, required to be filed or furnished by Buyer with the 
SEC since Buyer’s formation under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, 
together with any amendments, restatements or supplements thereto. Buyer 
has delivered to the Company copies in the form filed with the SEC of all 
of the following, except to the extent available in full without redaction 
on the SEC’s website through EDGAR for at least two (2) days prior to the 
date of this Agreement: (i) Buyer’s Annual Reports on Form 20-F for each 
fiscal year of Buyer beginning with the first year Buyer was required to 
file such a form, (ii) all proxy statements relating to Buyer’s meetings of 
stockholders (whether annual or special) held, and all information 
statements relating to stockholder consents, since the beginning of the 
first fiscal year referred to in clause (i) above, (iii) its Reports of 
Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K, including any such reports furnishing 
any interim financial statements required to be furnished by the rules of 
the Nasdaq Capital Market since the beginning of the first fiscal year 
referred to in clause (i) above, and (iv) all other forms, reports, 
registration statements and other documents (other than preliminary 
materials if the corresponding definitive materials have been provided to 
the Company pursuant to this Section 4.12) filed by Buyer with the SEC 
since Buyer’s formation (the forms, reports, registration statements and 
other documents referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) above, 
whether or not available through EDGAR, are, collectively, the “Buyer SEC 
Reports”). The Buyer SEC Reports were prepared in all material respects in 
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, 
and the Sarbanes–Oxley Act of 2002, as the case may be, and the rules and 
regulations thereunder. The Buyer SEC Reports did not, at the time they 
were or are filed, as the case may be, with the SEC (except to the extent 
that information contained in any Buyer SEC Report has been or is revised 
or superseded by a later filed Buyer SEC Report, then on the date of such 
filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make 
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading. As used in this Section 4.9, the term 
“file” shall be broadly construed to include any manner in which a document 
or information is furnished, supplied or otherwise made available to the 
SEC.         	
 
ARTICLE V
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND BENEFICIAL HOLDERS PENDING CLOSING
 
The Company and the Beneficial Holders jointly and severally covenant and 
agree that:
    
5.1           Conduct of the Business. (a) From the date hereof through the 
Closing Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, and the Beneficial 
Holders shall cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to, conduct the 
Business only in the ordinary course, (including the payment of accounts 
payable and the collection of accounts receivable), consistent with past 
practices, and shall not enter into any material transactions without the 
prior written consent of Buyer, and shall use its best efforts to preserve 
intact its business relationships with employees, clients, suppliers and 
other third parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from 
the date hereof until and including the Closing Date, without Buyer’s prior 
written consent, the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to 
not:
     
    (i)          amend, modify or supplement its Certificate of
    Incorporation or By-Laws or other organizational or governing
    documents;
     
    (ii)         amend, waive any provision of, terminate prior to its
    scheduled expiration date, or otherwise compromise in any way, any
    Contract (including Contracts described in Section 5.1(a)(ii)) below),
    or any other right or asset of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
     

  	28 	 

 

  
    (iii)        modify, amend or enter into any contract, agreement,
    lease, license or commitment, which (A) is with respect to Real
    Property, (B) extends for a term of one year or more or (C) obligates
    the payment of more than $300,000 (individually or in the aggregate);
     
    (iv)        make any capital expenditures in excess of $300,000
    (individually or in the aggregate);
     
    (v)         sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any of the
    Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets or assets covered by any Contract
    except (i) pursuant to existing contracts or commitments disclosed
    herein and (ii) sales of Inventory in the ordinary course consistent
    with past practice;
     
    (vi)        accept returns of products sold from Inventory except in
    the ordinary course, consistent with past practice;
     
    (vii)       pay, declare or promise to pay any dividends or other
    distributions with respect to its capital stock, or pay, declare or
    promise to pay any other payments to any Beneficial Holders (other
    than, in the case of any Beneficial Holder as an employee of the
    Company or its Subsidiary, payments of salary accrued in said period at
    the current salary rate set forth on Schedule 3.25(a)) or any Affiliate
    of the Company or any its Subsidiaries;
     
    (viii)      authorize any salary increase of more than 10% for any
    employee making an annual salary of greater than $50,000 or in excess
    of $10,000 in the aggregate on an annual basis or change the bonus or
    profit sharing policies of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
     
    (ix)         obtain or incur any loan or other Indebtedness;
     
    (x)          suffer or incur any Lien on any of the Company or its
    Subsidiaries’ assets;
     
    (xi)         suffer any damage, destruction or loss of property related
    to any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets, whether or not
    covered by insurance;
     
    (xii)        delay, accelerate or cancel any receivables or
    Indebtedness owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
    write-off or make further reserves against the same;
     
    (xiii)       merge or consolidate with or acquire any other Person or
    be acquired by any other Person;
     

  	29 	 

 

  
    (xiv)      suffer any insurance policy protecting any of the Company or
    its Subsidiaries’ assets to lapse;
     
    (xv)       amend any of its plans or fail to continue to make timely
    contributions thereto in accordance with the terms thereof;
     
    (xvi)      make any change in its accounting principles or methods or
    write down the value of any inventory or assets;
     
    (xvii)     change the place of business or jurisdiction of organization
    of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
     
    (xviii)    extend any loans other than travel or other expense advances
    to employees in the ordinary course of business not to exceed $10,000
    individually or $50,000 in the aggregate;
     
    (xix)       issue, redeem or repurchase any shares of its capital
    stock, or issue any securities exchangeable for or convertible into any
    shares of its capital stock;
     
    (xx)        effect or agree to any changes in shipping practices, terms
    or rates;
     
    (xxi)       reduce the prices of products sold from Inventory for
    customers except in the ordinary course of business;
     
    (xxii)      effect or agree to any change in any practices or terms,
    including payment terms, with respect to customers or suppliers;
     
    (xxiii)     hire any employees, consultants or advisors;
     
    (xxiv)    make or change any material Tax election or change any annual
    Tax accounting periods; or
     
    (xxv)     agree to do any of the foregoing.
 
(b)          The Company and its Subsidiaries shall not, and the Beneficial 
Holders shall cause the Company and its Subsidiaries not to, (i) take or 
agree to take any action that might make any representation or warranty of 
the Company or any Beneficial Holders hereunder inaccurate or misleading in 
any respect at, or as of any time prior to, the Closing Date or (ii) omit 
to take, or agree to omit to take, any action necessary to prevent any such 
representation or warranty from being inaccurate or misleading in any 
respect at any such time.
    

  	30 	 

 

  
    5.2           Access to Information.
 
(a)          From the date hereof until and including the Closing Date, the 
Company and its Subsidiaries shall, and each Beneficial Holders shall cause 
the Company and its Subsidiaries to, (a) continue to give Buyer, its legal 
counsel and other representatives full access to the offices, properties 
and, Books and Records, (b) furnish to Buyer, its legal counsel and other 
representatives such information relating to the Business as such Persons 
may request and (c) cause the employees, legal counsel, accountants and 
representatives of the Company and its Subsidiaries to cooperate with Buyer 
in its investigation of the Business; provided that no investigation 
pursuant to this Section (or any investigation prior to the date hereof) 
shall affect any representation or warranty given by the Company or the 
Beneficial Holders.
 
(b)          The Company and the Beneficial Holders shall arrange for 
representatives of Buyer to meet with or speak to the representatives of 
the [five (5)] largest clients of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
    
5.3           Notices of Certain Events. The Company and each Beneficial 
Holder shall promptly notify Buyer of:
 
(a)          any notice or other communication from any Person alleging or 
raising the possibility that the consent of such Person is or may be 
required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
or that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement might give rise to 
any Action or other rights by or on behalf of such Person or result in the 
loss of any rights or privileges of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
(or Buyer, Post-Closing) to any such Person or create any Lien on any 
Shares or any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets;
 
(b)          any notice or other communication from any Authority in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the 
Additional Agreements;
 
(c)          any Actions commenced or threatened against, relating to or 
involving or otherwise affecting any Beneficial Holder, the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries, the Shares, any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ 
assets or the Business or that relate to the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Additional Agreements;
 
(d)          the occurrence of any fact or circumstance which constitutes 
or results in a Material Adverse Change; and
 
(e)          the occurrence of any fact or circumstance which results in 
any representation made hereunder by the Company and/or any Beneficial 
Holder to be false or misleading in any respect or to omit or fail to state 
a material fact.
    

  	31 	 

 

  
5.4           Exclusivity. Neither the Company nor any Beneficial Holder 
nor anyone acting on their behalf is currently involved, directly or 
indirectly, in any activity which is intended to, nor for so long as this 
Agreement is in effect, shall the Company, any Beneficial Holder or anyone 
acting on their behalf, directly or indirectly, (a) encourage, solicit, 
initiate or participate in discussions or negotiations with, or provide any 
information to or cooperate in any manner with any Person, other than Buyer 
or its Affiliates (each an “Excluded Person,” and collectively “Excluded 
Persons”), or an officer, partner, employee or other representative of an 
Excluded Person, concerning the sale of all or any part of the Business, 
any of the Company or its Subsidiaries’ assets (other than in the ordinary 
course of business), the Shares or any capital stock or other securities of 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether such transaction takes the 
form of a sale of stock, assets, merger, consolidation, or issuance of debt 
securities or making of a loan or otherwise or any joint venture or 
partnership or (b) otherwise solicit, initiate or encourage the submission 
(or attempt to submit) of any inquiry or proposal contemplating the sale of 
all or any part of the Business, the sale of the Company or its 
Subsidiaries’ assets (other than in the ordinary course of business), the 
Shares or any capital stock, membership interests or other securities of 
the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, whether such 
transaction takes the form of a sale of equity, assets, merger, 
consolidation or otherwise, or issuance of debt securities or making of a 
loan or any joint venture or partnership or (iii) consummate any such 
transaction or accept any offer or agree to engage in any such transaction. 
The Company or the Beneficial Holders shall promptly (within 24 hours) 
communicate to Buyer the terms of any proposal, contract or sale which it 
may receive in respect of any of the foregoing and respond to any such 
communication in a manner reasonably acceptable to Buyer. The notice of the 
Company and each Beneficial Holder under this Section 5.4 shall include the 
identity of the person making such proposal or offer, copies (if written) 
or a written description of the terms (if oral) thereof and any other such 
information with respect thereto as Buyer may reasonably request.
 
ARTICLE VI
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND THE Beneficial Holders
 
The Company and Beneficial Holders, jointly and severally, covenant and 
agree that:
    
6.1           Confidentiality. Except as otherwise required by law, prior 
to and after the Closing, neither the Company nor any Beneficial Holders 
shall, without the prior written consent of Buyer, or a person authorized 
thereby, disclose to any other Person or use (whether for the account of 
the Company or any Beneficial Holders or any other party) any confidential 
information or proprietary work product of Buyer or the Company or any 
client of Buyer or the Company. In the event the Company or any Beneficial 
Holders believes that it is required to disclose any such confidential 
information pursuant to applicable Laws, the Company or such Beneficial 
Holder shall give timely written notice to Buyer so that Buyer may have an 
opportunity to obtain a protective order or other appropriate relief. The 
Company and all Beneficial Holders shall cooperate fully in any such action 
by Buyer.
    
6.2           Injunctive Relief. If the Company or any Beneficial Holders 
breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the covenants set 
forth in Sections 5.1, 5.4, 6.1, 7.2 or 11.4 (the “Restrictive Covenants
”), Buyer shall have the following rights and remedies, which shall be in 
addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to 
Buyer by agreement (including those set forth in Section 9.1 hereof), under 
law or in equity:
 
(a)          The right and remedy to have the Restrictive Covenants 
specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, all without 
the need to post a bond or any other security or to prove any amount of 
actual damage or that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy, 
it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach 
will cause irreparable injury to Buyer and that monetary damages will not 
provide adequate remedy to Buyer; and
 

  	32 	 

 

  
(b)          The right and remedy to require the Company and each 
Beneficial Holder, jointly and severally, (i) to account for and pay over 
to Buyer all compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments or other 
benefits derived or received by the Company, any Beneficial Holders or any 
associated party as the result of any such breach; and (ii) to indemnify 
Buyer against any other losses, damages (including special and 
consequential damages), costs and expenses, including actual attorneys’ 
fees and court costs, which may be incurred by it and which result from or 
arise out of any such breach or threatened breach.
    
6.3           Best Efforts to Obtain Consents. The Company and Beneficial 
Holders shall use their best efforts to obtain each Company Consent as 
promptly as practicable hereafter.
 
ARTICLE VII
COVENANTS OF ALL PARTIES HERETO
 
The parties hereto covenant and agree that:
    
7.1           Best Efforts; Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, each party shall use its best efforts to 
take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all 
things necessary or desirable under applicable Laws, and in the case of the 
Company and each Beneficial Holder as reasonably requested by Buyer, to 
consummate and implement expeditiously each of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. The parties hereto shall execute and 
deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements and other writings 
and take such other actions as may be necessary or desirable in order to 
consummate or implement expeditiously each of the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement in order to transfer all of the Shares to Buyer and to 
vest in Buyer good, valid and marketable title to the Shares, free and 
clear of all Liens.
    
7.2           Confidentiality of Transaction. Any information (except 
publicly available or freely usable material obtained from another source) 
respecting any party or its Affiliates will be kept in strict confidence by 
all other parties to this Agreement and their agents. Except as required by 
Law, neither the Company nor any Beneficial Holder nor any of their 
respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents will 
disclose the terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder or by any 
Additional Agreement at any time, currently, or on or after the Closing, 
regardless of whether the Closing takes place, except as required by Law or 
as necessary to their attorneys, accountants and professional advisors, in 
which instance such persons and any employees or agents of the Company 
shall be advised of the confidential nature of the terms of the transaction 
and shall themselves be required by the Company to keep such information 
confidential. Except as required by Law, each party shall retain all 
information obtained from the other and their legal counsel on a 
confidential basis except as necessary to their attorneys, accountants and 
professional advisors, in which instance such persons and any employees or 
agents of such party shall be advised of the confidential nature of the 
terms of the transaction and shall themselves be required by such party to 
keep such information confidential.
 

  	33 	 

 

  
ARTICLE VIII
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
    
8.1           Condition to the Obligations of the Parties. The obligations 
of all of the parties to consummate the Closing are subject to the 
satisfaction of all the following conditions: (a) no provision of any 
applicable Law, and no Order shall prohibit or impose any condition on the 
consummation of the Closing, (b) there shall not be pending or threatened 
any Action brought by a third-party non-Affiliate to enjoin or otherwise 
restrict the consummation of the Closing, and (c) the parties shall have 
received all necessary approvals from the applicable Authorities, including 
approval from the Nasdaq Capital Market for continued listing of the Buyer 
Common Stock following the Closing.
    
8.2           Conditions to Obligations of Buyer. The obligation of Buyer 
to consummate the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, or the waiver at 
Buyer’s sole and absolute discretion, of all the following further 
conditions:
 
(a)          The Company and Beneficial Holders shall have duly performed 
all of their obligations hereunder required to be performed by them at or 
prior to the Closing Date.
 
(b)          All of the representations and warranties of the Company and 
Beneficial Holders contained in this Agreement, the Additional Agreements 
and in any certificate or other writing delivered by the Company or any 
Beneficial Holders pursuant hereto, disregarding all qualifications and 
exceptions contained therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse 
Effect, regardless of whether it involved a known risk, shall: (i) be true, 
correct and complete at and as of the date of this Agreement, or, (ii) if 
otherwise specified, when made or when deemed to have been made, and (iii) 
shall be true, correct and complete as of the Closing Date, in the case as 
(i) and (ii) with only such exceptions as could not in the aggregate 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(c)          There shall have been no event, change or occurrence which 
individually or together with any other event, change or occurrence, could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change or a Material 
Adverse Effect, regardless of whether it involved a known risk.
 
(d)          Buyer shall have received a certificate signed by the Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and all 
Beneficial Holders to the effect set forth in clauses (a) through (c) of 
this Section 9.2.
 
(e)          No court, arbitrator or other Authority shall have issued any 
judgment, injunction, decree or order, or have pending before it a 
proceeding for the issuance of any thereof, and there shall not be any 
provision of any applicable Law restraining or prohibiting the consummation 
of the Closing, the ownership by Buyer of any of the Shares or the 
effective operation of the Business by the Company and its Subsidiaries 
after the Closing Date.
 

  	34 	 

 

  
(f)          Buyer shall have received all documents it may request 
relating to the existence of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the 
authority of the Company to enter into and perform under this Agreement, 
all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and its legal 
counsel, including (i) a copy of the certificate of incorporation of the 
Company certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of its 
jurisdiction of organization, (ii) copies of the Company’s by-laws as 
effective on the date hereof; (iii) copies of resolutions duly adopted by 
the board of directors of the Company and by the unanimous vote or consent 
of the Company’s stockholders authorizing this Agreement, the Additional 
Agreements and the transaction contemplated hereby and thereby, (iv) a 
certificate of the Secretary of the Company certifying as to signatures of 
the officer(s) executing this Agreement and any certificate or document to 
be delivered pursuant hereto, together with evidence of the incumbency of 
such Secretary, and (v) a recent good standing certificate regarding the 
Company from the office of the Secretary of State of Cayman Islands and 
each other jurisdiction in which the Company is qualified to do business.
 
(g)          Buyer shall have received from the Beneficial Holders 
certificates representing the Shares, duly endorsed in blank by the 
applicable Beneficial Holder, or accompanied by stock powers duly executed 
in blank by the applicable Beneficial Holder, with all necessary transfer 
Tax and other revenue stamps, acquired at such Beneficial Holder’s expense, 
affixed.
 
(h)          Buyer shall be fully satisfied, in its sole discretion which 
shall be exercised in good faith, with the results of its and its 
representatives’ review of the Business, the Shares and the Company and its 
Subsidiaries (including any review of the capitalization, assets, 
processes, systems, financial condition, and prospects of the Business and 
the Company and its Subsidiaries), provided that no such review shall 
affect any representation or warranty of the Company or any Beneficial 
Holders given hereunder or in any instrument related to the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
(i)          Buyer shall have received copies of all Company Consents 
(including the consents of the landlords under the Officer Leases), in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, and no such Company Consent 
shall have been revoked.
 
(j)           Han Kun Law Offices and Sertus Incorporation Limited, 
counsels to the Company and the Beneficial Holders, shall have delivered 
opinions reasonably acceptable to the Buyer.
 
(k)          The Company shall have delivered to Buyer’s satisfaction 
updated Schedules to this Agreement as of a date within 3 Business Days of 
the Closing Date and all such updated schedules shall be true, correct and 
complete as of the date with respect thereto set forth in the respective 
representation and warranty.
 
(l)          The Company and the Beneficial Holders shall have entered into 
and delivered a counterpart signature page of each Additional Agreement to 
which it is a party.
    
8.3           Conditions to Obligations of the Company and Beneficial 
Holders. The obligation of the Company and Beneficial Holders to consummate 
the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, or the waiver, of all the 
following further conditions:
 

  	35 	 

 

  
(a)          (i) Buyer shall have performed in all material respects all of 
its obligations hereunder required to be performed by it at or prior to the 
Closing Date, (ii) the representations and warranties of Buyer contained in 
this Agreement and in any certificate or other writing delivered by Buyer 
pursuant hereto, disregarding all qualifications and expectations contained 
therein relating to materiality shall be true and correct in all material 
respects at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such date 
and (iii) the Beneficial Holders shall have received a certificate signed 
by an authorized officer of Buyer to the foregoing effect.
 
(b)          Buyer and each Beneficial Owner shall have entered into and 
delivered a counterpart signature page of each Additional Agreement to 
which it is a party.
 
ARTICLE IX
INDEMNIFICATION
    
9.1           Indemnification of Buyer. The Company (solely with respect to 
claims made under this Section 9.1 prior to the Closing), Mr. Wang Shun 
Yang, and the Beneficial Holders hereby jointly and severally agree to 
indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, each of its Affiliates and each of its 
and their respective members, managers, partners, directors, officers, 
employees, stockholders, attorneys and agents and permitted assignees (the 
“Purchaser Indemnitees”), against and in respect of any and all 
out-of-pocket loss, cost, payments, demand, penalty, forfeiture, expense, 
liability, judgment, deficiency or damage, and diminution in value or claim 
(including actual costs of investigation and attorneys’ fees and other 
costs and expenses) (each of the foregoing a “Loss,” and collectively, “
Losses”) incurred or sustained by any Purchaser Indemnitee as a result of 
or in connection with (a) any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment or the 
alleged breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, 
warranties and covenants of the Company or any Beneficial Holders contained 
herein or any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto, (b) 
any Actions by any third parties with respect to the Business (including 
breach of contract claims, violations of warranties, trademark 
infringement, for “spamming”, privacy violations, torts or consumer 
complaints) for any period prior to the Closing Date, (c) the violation of 
any Laws in connection with or with respect to the operation of the 
Business prior to the Closing Date, (d) any claims by any employee of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any period or event 
occurring on or prior to the Closing Date, or relating to the termination 
of employee’s employment status in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, or the termination, amendment or 
curtailment of any employee benefit plans, (e) the failure of the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries to pay any Taxes to any Taxing Authority or to 
file any Tax Return with any Taxing Authority with respect to any period 
ending on or prior to the Closing Date, or (f) any sales, use, transfer or 
similar Tax imposed on Buyer or its Affiliates as a result of any 
transaction contemplated by this Agreement. The total payments made by the 
Beneficial Holders to the Purchaser Indemnitees with respect to Losses 
shall not exceed the Purchase Price (the “Indemnifiable Loss Limit”), 
except that the Indemnifiable Loss Limit shall not apply with respect to 
any Losses relating to or arising under or in connection with any of 
clauses (b) through (f) of this Section 10.1. No Purchaser Indemnitee shall 
be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Section 10.1 unless and 
until the aggregate amount of Losses to all Purchaser Indemnitees equals at 
least $300,000 (the “Basket”), at which time, subject to the Indemnifiable 
Loss Limit, the Purchaser Indemnitees shall be entitled to indemnification 
for the total amount of such Losses. Notwithstanding anything set forth in 
this Section 9.1, (i) any amounts recovered under Section 6.2(b), and (ii) 
any Losses incurred by any Purchaser Indemnitee arising out of the failure 
of any Beneficial Holders to perform any covenant or obligation to be 
performed by him or it at or after the Closing Date, shall not, in any such 
case, be subject to or applied against the Indemnifiable Loss Limit or the 
Basket, respectively.
    

  	36 	 

 

  
9.2           Indemnification of the Beneficial Holders. Buyer hereby 
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Beneficial Holders, each of their 
Affiliates, and each of its and their respective members, managers, 
partners, directors, officers, employees, stockholders, attorneys and 
agents and permitted assignees (the “Beneficial Holder Indemnitees”) 
against and in respect of any Losses incurred or sustained by any 
Stockholder Indemnitee as a result of any breach, inaccuracy or 
nonfulfillment or the alleged breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any 
of the representations, warranties and covenants of Buyer contained herein. 
The total payments made by Buyer to Beneficial Holder Indemnitees with 
respect to Losses shall not exceed $300,000; provided, however, Beneficial 
Holder Indemnitees shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to 
this Section 10.2 unless and until the aggregate amount of Losses to 
Beneficial Holder Indemnitees equals at least the Basket, at which time, 
subject to the Indemnifiable Loss Limit, the Beneficial Holder Indemnitees 
shall be entitled to indemnification for the total amount of such Losses. 
Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Section 10.2, any Losses 
incurred by any Stockholder Indemnitee arising out of the failure of Buyer 
to perform any covenant or obligation to be performed by it at or after the 
Closing Date including payment of the Purchase Price, shall not be subject 
to or applied against the Indemnifiable Loss Limit or the Basket, 
respectively.
    
9.3           Procedure. The following shall apply with respect to all 
claims by either a Purchaser Indemnitee or a Stockholder Indemnitee 
(together, “Indemnified Party”) for indemnification:
 
(a)          An Indemnified Party shall give the Beneficial Holders or 
Buyer, as applicable, prompt notice (an “Indemnification Notice”) of any 
third-party Action with respect to which such Indemnified Party seeks 
indemnification pursuant to Section 10.1 or 10.2 (a “Third-Party Claim”), 
which shall describe in reasonable detail the Loss that has been or may be 
suffered by the Indemnified Party. The failure to give the Indemnification 
Notice shall not impair any of the rights or benefits of such Indemnified 
Party under Section 10.1 or 10.2, except to the extent such failure 
materially and adversely affects the ability of the Beneficial Holders or 
Buyer, as applicable (any of such parties, “Indemnifying Parties”) to 
defend such claim or increases the amount of such liability.
 
(b)          In the case of any Third-Party Claims as to which 
indemnification is sought by any Indemnified Party, such Indemnified Party 
shall be entitled, at the sole expense and liability of the Indemnifying 
Parties, to exercise full control of the defense, compromise or settlement 
of any Third-Party Claim unless the Indemnifying Parties, within a 
reasonable time after the giving of an Indemnification Notice by the 
Indemnified Party (but in any event within ten (10) days thereafter), shall 
(i) deliver a written confirmation to such Indemnified Party that the 
indemnification provisions of Section 10.1 or 10.2 are applicable to such 
Action and the Indemnifying Parties will indemnify such Indemnified Party 
in respect of such Action pursuant to the terms of Section 10.1 or 10.2 
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, shall do so without 
asserting any challenge, defense, limitation on the Indemnifying Parties 
liability for Losses, counterclaim or offset, (ii) notify such Indemnified 
Party in writing of the intention of the Indemnifying Parties to assume the 
defense thereof, and (iii) retain legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to 
such Indemnified Party to conduct the defense of such Third-Party Claim.
 

  	37 	 

 

  
(c)          If the Indemnifying Parties assume the defense of any such 
Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 10.3(b), then the Indemnified Party 
shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Parties in any manner reasonably 
requested in connection with the defense, and the Indemnified Party shall 
have the right to be kept fully informed by the Indemnifying Parties and 
their legal counsel with respect to the status of any legal proceedings, to 
the extent not inconsistent with the preservation of attorney-client or 
work product privilege. If the Indemnifying Parties so assume the defense 
of any such Third-Party Claim the Indemnified Party shall have the right to 
employ separate counsel and to participate in (but not control) the 
defense, compromise, or settlement thereof, but the fees and expenses of 
such counsel employed by the Indemnified Party shall be at the expense of 
such Indemnified Party unless (i) the Indemnifying Parties have agreed to 
pay such fees and expenses, or (ii) the named parties to any such 
Third-Party Claim (including any impleaded parties) include an Indemnified 
Party and an Indemnifying Party and such Indemnified Party shall have been 
advised by its counsel that there may be a conflict of interest between 
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Parties in the conduct of the 
defense thereof, and in any such case the reasonable fees and expenses of 
such separate counsel shall be borne by the Indemnifying Parties.
 
(d)          If the Indemnifying Parties elect to assume the defense of any 
Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 10.3(b), the Indemnified Party shall 
not pay, or permit to be paid, any part of any claim or demand arising from 
such asserted liability unless the Indemnifying Parties withdraw from or 
fail to vigorously prosecute the defense of such asserted liability, or 
unless a judgment is entered against the Indemnified Party for such 
liability. If the Indemnifying Parties do not elect to defend, or if, after 
commencing or undertaking any such defense, the Indemnifying Parties fail 
to adequately prosecute or withdraw such defense, the Indemnified Party 
shall have the right to undertake the defense or settlement thereof, at the 
Indemnifying Parties’ expense. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, 
the Indemnifying Parties shall not be entitled to control, but may 
participate in, and the Indemnified Party (at the expense of the 
Indemnifying Parties) shall be entitled to have sole control over, the 
defense or settlement of (x) that part of any Third Party Claim (i) that 
seeks a temporary restraining order, a preliminary or permanent injunction 
or specific performance against the Indemnified Party, or (ii) to the 
extent such Third Party Claim involves criminal allegations against the 
Indemnified Party or (y) the entire Third Party Claim if such Third Party 
Claim would impose liability on the part of the Indemnified Party in an 
amount which is greater than the amount as to which the Indemnified Party 
is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. In the event the 
Indemnified Party retains control of the Third Party Claim, the Indemnified 
Party will not settle the subject claim without the prior written consent 
of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld 
or delayed.
 

  	38 	 

 

  
(e)          If the Indemnified Party undertakes the defense of any such 
Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 10.1 or 10.2 and proposes to settle 
the same prior to a final judgment thereon or to forgo appeal with respect 
thereto, then the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Parties 
prompt written notice thereof and the Indemnifying Parties shall have the 
right to participate in the settlement, assume or reassume the defense 
thereof or prosecute such appeal, in each case at the Indemnifying Parties’ 
expense. The Indemnifying Parties shall not, without the prior written 
consent of such Indemnified Party settle or compromise or consent to entry 
of any judgment with respect to any such Third-Party Claim (i) in which any 
relief other than the payment of money damages is or may be sought against 
such Indemnified Party, (ii) in which such Third Party Claim could be 
reasonably expected to impose or create a monetary liability on the part of 
the Indemnified Party (such as an increase in the Indemnified Party’s 
income Tax) other than the monetary claim of the third party in such 
Third-Party Claim being paid pursuant to such settlement or judgment, or 
(iii) which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by 
the claimant, person conducting such investigation or initiating such 
hearing, plaintiff or petitioner to such Indemnified Party of a release 
from all liability with respect to such Third-Party Claim and all other 
Actions (known or unknown) arising or which might arise out of the same 
facts.
    
9.4           Periodic Payments. Any indemnification required by Section 
9.1 or 9.2 for costs, disbursements or expenses of any Indemnified Party in 
connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any Action 
shall be made by periodic payments by the Indemnifying Parties to each 
Indemnified Party during the course of the investigation or defense, as and 
when bills are received or costs, disbursements or expenses are incurred.
    
9.5           Insurance. Any indemnification payments hereunder shall take 
into account any insurance proceeds or other third party reimbursement 
actually received.
    
9.6           Survival of Indemnification Rights. The representations and 
warranties of the Company, the Beneficial Holders and Buyer shall survive 
until the [three (3)] year anniversary of the Closing.
 
ARTICLE X
TERMINATION
    
10.1         Termination Without Default; Expenses. In the event that the 
Closing of the transactions contemplated hereunder has not occurred by June 
30, 2017 (the “Outside Closing Date”) and no material breach of this 
Agreement by Buyer, on one hand, or the Company or any Beneficial Holder, 
on the other hand, seeking to terminate this Agreement shall have occurred 
or have been made (as provided in Section 12.2 hereof), Buyer or the 
Beneficial Holders shall have the right, at its sole option, to terminate 
this Agreement without liability to the other side. Such right may be 
exercised by Buyer or the Beneficial Holders, as the case may be, giving 
written notice to the other at any time after the Outside Closing Date. In 
the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 12.1, each 
party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with this 
Agreement.
 

  	39 	 

 

  
ARTICLE XI
MISCELLANEOUS
    
11.1         Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be sent in writing, 
addressed as specified below, and shall be deemed given: (a) if by hand or 
recognized courier service, by 4:00PM on a Business Day, addressee’s day 
and time, on the date of delivery, and otherwise on the first Business Day 
after such delivery; (b) if by fax or email, on the date that transmission 
is confirmed electronically, if by 4:00PM on a Business Day, addressee’s 
day and time, and otherwise on the first Business Day after the date of 
such confirmation; or (c) five days after mailing by certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested. Notices shall be addressed to 
the respective parties as follows (excluding telephone numbers, which are 
for convenience only), or to such other address as a party shall specify to 
the others in accordance with these notice provisions:
 
if to Buyer or the Company (following the Closing), to:
 
Iao Kun Group Holding Company Limited
Alameda Dr. Carlos D’ Assumpcao No: 181-187
Centro Comercial do Grupo Brilhantismo
            12 Andar T Macau
            Attention: Ryan Yip
            Telecopy: 853 2872 3426
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
             
            Loeb & Loeb LLP
            345 Park Ave.
            New York, NY 10154
            Attention: Giovanni Caruso
            Telecopy: 212 937-3943
         
        if to any Beneficial Holder or the Company (prior to the Closing):
 
Jia-Heng Industrial Ltd
           18/F Shangceng International Commerce Office Building, No. 179
           Tianhe North Road, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China, 510630
           Attention: Wang Shun Yang
           Telecopy: 86 020-87099081
         
        with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Han Kun Law Offices
           Room 2103, 21/F, Tower 3, Kerry Plaza, 1-1 Zhongxinsi Road,
           Futian District, Shenzhen 518048, China.
           Attention: Jason Wang
           Telecopy: 86 755 3680-6599
    
    11.2         Amendments; No Waivers; Remedies.
 
(a)          This Agreement cannot be amended, except by a writing signed 
by each party, or terminated orally or by course of conduct. No provision 
hereof can be waived, except by a writing signed by the party against whom 
such waiver is to be enforced, and any such waiver shall apply only in the 
particular instance in which such waiver shall have been given.
 

  	40 	 

 

  
(b)          Neither any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy 
hereunder or in requiring satisfaction of any condition herein nor any 
course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent any party from 
enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any 
condition. No notice to or demand on a party waives or otherwise affects 
any obligation of that party or impairs any right of the party giving such 
notice or making such demand, including any right to take any action 
without notice or demand not otherwise required by this Agreement. No 
exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement 
shall preclude exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to 
make the aggrieved party whole with respect to such breach, or subsequent 
exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any other breach.
 
(c)          Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no statement 
herein of any right or remedy shall impair any other right or remedy stated 
herein or that otherwise may be available.
 
(d)          Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, neither shall 
any party seek, nor shall any party be liable for, punitive or exemplary 
damages, under any tort, contract, equity, or other legal theory, with 
respect to any breach (or alleged breach) of this Agreement or any 
provision hereof or any matter otherwise relating hereto or arising in 
connection herewith.
    
11.3         Arms’ length bargaining; no presumption against drafter. This 
Agreement has been negotiated at arms-length by parties of equal bargaining 
strength, each represented by counsel or having had but declined the 
opportunity to be represented by counsel and having participated in the 
drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement creates no fiduciary or other 
special relationship between the parties, and no such relationship 
otherwise exists. No presumption in favor of or against any party in the 
construction or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof 
shall be made based upon which Person might have drafted this Agreement or 
such provision.
    
11.4         Publicity. Except as required by law, the parties agree that 
neither they nor their agents shall issue any press release or make any 
other public disclosure concerning the transactions contemplated hereunder 
without the prior approval of the other parties hereto.
    
11.5         Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all 
costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such 
cost or expense, except that all expenses of the Company shall be joint and 
several obligations of the Beneficial Holders.
    
11.6         No Assignment or Delegation. No party may assign any right or 
delegate any obligation hereunder, including by merger, consolidation, 
operation of law, or otherwise, without the written consent of the other 
party. Any purported assignment or delegation without such consent shall be 
void, in addition to constituting a material breach of this Agreement.
    
11.7         Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance 
with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving 
effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
    

  	41 	 

 

  
11.8         Counterparts; facsimile signatures. This Agreement may be 
executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but 
all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Agreement shall become 
effective upon delivery to each party of an executed counterpart or the 
earlier delivery to each party of original, photocopied, or electronically 
transmitted signature pages that together (but need not individually) bear 
the signatures of all other parties.
    
11.9         Entire Agreement. This Agreement together with the Additional 
Agreements, sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior and 
contemporaneous understandings and agreements related thereto (whether 
written or oral), all of which are merged herein. No provision of this 
Agreement or any Additional Agreement may be explained or qualified by any 
agreement, negotiations, understanding, discussion, conduct or course of 
conduct or by any trade usage. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein 
or any Additional Agreement, there is no condition precedent to the 
effectiveness of any provision hereof or thereof. No party has relied on 
any representation from, warranty or agreement of any person in entering 
into this Agreement, prior or contemporaneous or any Additional Agreement, 
except those expressly stated herein or therein.
    
11.10         Severability. A determination by a court or other legal 
authority that any provision that is not of the essence of this Agreement 
is legally invalid shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any 
other provision hereof. The parties shall cooperate in good faith to 
substitute (or cause such court or other legal authority to substitute) for 
any provision so held to be invalid a valid provision, as alike in 
substance to such invalid provision as is lawful.
    
11.11         Construction of certain terms and references; captions. In 
this Agreement:
 
(a)          References to particular sections and subsections, schedules, 
and exhibits not otherwise specified are cross-references to sections and 
subsections ,schedules, and exhibits of this Agreement.
 
(b)          The words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereunder,” and words of 
similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular 
provision of this Agreement, and, unless the context requires otherwise, 
“party” means a party signatory hereto.
 
(c)          Any use of the singular or plural, or the masculine, feminine, 
or neuter gender, includes the others, unless the context otherwise 
requires; “including” means “including without limitation;” “or” means 
“and/or;” “any” means “any one, more than one, or all;” and, unless 
otherwise specified, any financial or accounting term has the meaning of 
the term under US GAAP as consistently applied heretofore by party.
 
(d)          Unless otherwise specified, any reference to any agreement 
(including this Agreement), instrument, or other document includes all 
schedules, exhibits, or other attachments referred to therein, and any 
reference to a statute or other law includes any rule, regulation, 
ordinance, or the like promulgated thereunder, in each case, as amended, 
restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time. Any 
reference to a numbered schedule means the same-numbered section of the 
disclosure schedule.
 

  	42 	 

 

  
(e)          If any action is required to be taken or notice is required to 
be given within a specified number of days following a specific date or 
event, the day of such date or event is not counted in determining the last 
day for such action or notice. If any action is required to be taken or 
notice is required to be given on or before a particular day which is not a 
Business Day, such action or notice shall be considered timely if it is 
taken or given on or before the next Business Day.
 
(f)          Captions are not a part of this Agreement, but are included 
for convenience, only.
 
(g)          For the avoidance of any doubt, all references in this 
Agreement to “the knowledge or best knowledge of the Company” or similar 
terms shall be deemed to include the actual or constructive (e.g. implied 
by Law) knowledge of any Beneficial Holder and Wang Shun Yang and Luo Guo 
Rui.
    
11.12         Further Assurances. Each party shall execute and deliver such 
documents and take such action, as may reasonably be considered within the 
scope of such party’s obligations hereunder, necessary to effectuate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
    
11.13         Third Party Beneficiaries. Neither this Agreement nor any 
provision hereof confers any benefit or right upon or may be enforced by 
any Person not a signatory hereto.
 
[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature pages to 
follow]
 

  	43 	 

 

  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective authorized officers and Beneficial 
Holders have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above 
written.
                             
  	IAO KUN HOLDING COMPANY LIMITED
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Lam Man Pou
  	  	Name: Lam Man Pou
  	  	Title: Chairman
  	  	 
  	RIPE WISDOM LTD.
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Wang Shun Yang  
  	  	Name: Wang Shun Yang  
  	  	Title: Director
  	  	 
  	TWINKLE BUSINESS LTD.
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Luo Guo Rui
  	  	Name: Luo Guo Rui
  	  	Title: Director
  	  	 
  	Solely with respect to Articles III and IX, agreed to by:
  	 
  	/s/ Wang Shun Yang
  	Wang Shun Yang
                              

  	44 	 

 

  
SCHEDULE I
 
Beneficial Holder 	  	Number of Shares of the
Company owned before
Closing 	  	  	Number of
Shares of the
Company to be
transferred to
the Buyer 	  	  	Number of Closing
Payment Shares
Being Received at
the Closing 	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Ripe Wisdom Ltd. 	  	  	25,500 	  	  	  	13,000 	  	  	  	6,366,840 	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Twinkle Business Ltd. 	  	  	24,500 	  	  	  	12,500 	  	  	  	6,117,160 	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Total: 	  	  	50,000 	  	  	  	25,500 	  	  	  	12,484,000 	 
 

  	45 	 

 