 EX-10.7 14 f1012g2017ex10vii_abthold.htm SECURITY AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.7
 
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of October 7, 2016 (this “Agreement”), is 
among ABT HOLDINGS, INC., an Idaho corporation (the “Company”), all of the 
Subsidiaries of the Company (such subsidiaries, the “Guarantors” and 
together with the Company, the “Debtors”) and the holders of the Company’s 
8% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due October 1, 2018, in the 
original aggregate principal amount of $5,800,000 (collectively and as they 
may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the “Debentures”) signatory hereto, their endorsees, transferees and 
assigns (collectively, the “Secured Parties”).
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Debentures), 
the Secured Parties have severally agreed to extend the loans to the 
Company evidenced by the Debentures;
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to a certain Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the date 
hereof (the “Guarantee”), the Guarantors have jointly and severally agreed 
to guarantee and act as surety for payment of such Debentures; and
 
WHEREAS, in order to induce the Secured Parties to extend the loans 
evidenced by the Debentures, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver 
to the Secured Parties this Agreement and to grant the Secured Parties, 
pari passu with each other Secured Party and through the Agent (as defined 
in Section 18 hereof), a security interest in certain property of such 
Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of 
all of the Company’s obligations under the Debentures and the Guarantors’ 
obligations under the Guarantee.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
1.  Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not 
otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the 
UCC (such as “account”, “chattel paper”, “commercial tort claim”, “deposit 
account”, “document”, “equipment”, “fixtures”, “general intangibles”, 
“goods”, “instruments”, “inventory”, “investment property”, 
“letter-of-credit rights”, “proceeds” and “supporting obligations”) shall 
have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC.
     

 

 

     
    (a)  “Collateral” means the collateral in which the Secured Parties are
    granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall include
    the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned
    or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever
    situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all
    substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and
    accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the
    sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same
    and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends,
    interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at
    any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise
    distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the
    Pledged Securities (as defined below):
 
       (i) All goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery,
       equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships,
       appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and
       quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature
       and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and
       documents representing the same, all additions and accessions
       thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all
       substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and
       useful in connection with any Debtor’s businesses and all
       improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;
        
       (ii)  All contract rights and other general intangibles, including,
       without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests,
       stock or other securities, rights under any of the Organizational
       Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses,
       distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether
       “off-the-shelf”, licensed from any third party or developed by any
       Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises,
       customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights,
       goodwill, Intellectual Property and income tax refunds;
        
       (iii)  All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of
       title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any
       merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any
       of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and
       guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of
       stoppage in transit;
        
       (iv)  All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and
       chattel paper;
        
       (v)  All commercial tort claims;
        
       (vi)  All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in
       such deposit accounts);
        
       (vii)  All investment property;
        
       (viii)  All supporting obligations; and
        
       (ix)  All files, records, books of account, business papers, and
       computer programs; and
        
       (x)  the products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral
       set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above.
        

  	2 	 

 

        
       Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the “Collateral”
       shall include all investment property and general intangibles
       respecting ownership and/or other equity interests in each
       Guarantor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital
       stock and the other equity interests listed on Schedule H hereto (as
       the same may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms
       hereof), and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity
       interests of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor
       obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates
       representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case,
       all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity
       interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed
       in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights
       arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities,
       including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash.
        
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to
       constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an
       assignment, becomes void by operation of applicable law or the
       assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in
       each case to the extent that such applicable law is not overridden
       by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar
       applicable law); provided, however, that to the extent permitted by
       applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security
       interest in such asset and, to the extent permitted by applicable
       law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the
       proceeds of such asset.
        
    (b)  “Intellectual Property” means the collective reference to all
    rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property,
    whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or
    otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising
    under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political
    subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether
    published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and
    all applications in connection therewith, including, without
    limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the
    United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United
    States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all
    reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters
    patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions,
    continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks,
    trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious
    business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and
    other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated
    therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all
    registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in
    connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark
    Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any
    State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision
    thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv)
    all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any
    other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to
    obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all
    licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for
    infringement of the foregoing.
     

  	3 	 

 

     
    (c)  “Majority in Interest” means, at any time of determination, the
    majority in interest (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of
    Debentures at the time of such determination) of the Secured Parties.
     
    (d)  “Necessary Endorsement” means undated stock powers endorsed in
    blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such
    other instruments or documents as the Agent (as that term is defined
    below) may reasonably request.
        
    (e)  “Obligations” means all of the liabilities and obligations
    (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or
    to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or
    acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Parties, including,
    without limitation, all obligations under this Agreement, the
    Debentures, the Guarantee and any other instruments, agreements or
    other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or
    therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary
    or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated
    or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether
    or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased,
    created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or
    liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such
    payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the
    Secured Parties as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as
    such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or
    modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the
    foregoing, the term “Obligations” shall include, without limitation:
    (i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended
    pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs,
    obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or
    in connection with this Agreement, the Debentures, the Guarantee and
    any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or
    delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts
    (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the
    foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations
    to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the
    existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding
    involving any Debtor.
     
    (f)  “Organizational Documents” means with respect to any Debtor, the
    documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of
    incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of
    organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of
    designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and
    which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws,
    a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members
    agreement).
     
    (g)  “Pledged Interests” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
    in Section 4(j).
     
    (h)  “Pledged Securities” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
    in Section 4(i).
     
    (i)  “Senior Lender” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    the Debenture.
     

  	4 	 

 

     
    (i)  “UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York
    and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has
    jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or
    this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that
    defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so
    that the term “Collateral” will be construed in its broadest sense.
    Accordingly if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms
    in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein
    and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended
    definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.
 
2.  Grant of Security Interest in Collateral. As an inducement for the 
Secured Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Debentures and to 
secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, 
as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor hereby 
unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the 
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and the Agent, a security 
interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their 
respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and 
to, the Collateral (a “Security Interest” and, collectively, the “Security 
Interests”).
 
3.  Delivery of Certain Collateral. Contemporaneously or prior to the 
execution of this Agreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be 
delivered to the Agent (a) any and all certificates and other instruments 
representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all 
certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the 
other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements. 
The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to 
Agent, or have previously delivered to Agent, a true and correct copy of 
each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.
 
4.  Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors. 
Except as set forth under the corresponding section of the disclosure 
schedules delivered to the Secured Parties concurrently herewith (the “
Disclosure Schedules”), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part 
hereof, each Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees 
with, the Secured Parties as follows:
 
    (a) Each Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited
    liability company or other power and authority to enter into this
    Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The
    execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement
    and the filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all
    necessary action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is
    required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each
    Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding
    obligation of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in
    accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited
    by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws
    of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies
    of creditors and by general principles of equity.
     
    (b)  The Debtors have no place of business or offices where their
    respective books of account and records are kept (other than
    temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places
    where Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule
    A attached hereto. Except as specifically set forth on Schedule A, each
    Debtor is the record owner of the real property where such Collateral
    is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such
    real property except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the
    Debentures). Except as disclosed on Schedule A, none of such Collateral
    is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or
    processor.
     

  	5 	 

 

     
    (c)  Except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures) and
    except as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, the Debtors are the
    sole owner of the Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses granted
    by any Debtor in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of
    any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and are
    fully authorized to grant the Security Interests. Except as set forth
    on Schedule C attached hereto, there is not on file in any governmental
    or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective
    financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any
    notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in
    favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement) covering or
    affecting any of the Collateral. Except as set forth on Schedule C 
    attached hereto and except pursuant to this Agreement, as long as this
    Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall
    not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any
    other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to
    the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant
    to the terms of this Agreement).
     
    (d)  No written claim has been received that any Collateral or any
    Debtor’s use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party.
    There has been no adverse decision to any Debtor’s claim of ownership
    rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction
    or to any Debtor’s right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full
    force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights
    pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any
    court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator
    or other governmental authority.
     
    (e)  Each Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and
    records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business
    and its Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached
    hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records or
    tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Parties at least
    30 days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such relocation
    and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States)
    and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements under the UCC
    and other necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other
    steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests to create in
    favor of the Secured Parties a valid, perfected and continuing
    perfected lien in the Collateral.
     
    (f)  This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid
    security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens
    (as defined in the Debentures) securing the payment and performance of
    the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately
    following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any
    Collateral which may be perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code
    financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the
    filing of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements referred to
    in the immediately following paragraph, the recordation of the
    Intellectual Property Security Agreement (as defined in Section 4(p)
    hereof) with respect to copyrights and copyright applications in the
    United States Copyright Office referred to in paragraph (m), the
    execution and delivery of deposit account control agreements satisfying
    the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of the UCC with respect to each
    deposit account of the Debtors, and the delivery of the certificates
    and other instruments provided in Section 3, no action is necessary to
    create, perfect or protect the security interests created hereunder.
    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the filing
    of said financing statements, the recordation of said Intellectual
    Property Security Agreement, and the execution and delivery of said
    deposit account control agreements, no consent of any third parties and
    no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or
    filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required
    for (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii)
    the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder
    in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Agent
    and the Secured Parties hereunder.
     

  	6 	 

 

     
    (g)  Each Debtor hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more
    financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security
    Interests, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any
    jurisdiction deemed proper by it.
 
    (h)  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the
    Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any
    Organizational Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order
    or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any
    applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii)
    conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or
    lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others
    any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
    (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
    credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtor’s debt
    or otherwise) or other understanding to which any Debtor is a party or
    by which any property or asset of any Debtor is bound or affected. If
    any, all required consents (including, without limitation, from
    stockholders or creditors of any Debtor) necessary for any Debtor to
    enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained.
     
    (i) The capital stock and other equity interests listed on Schedule H 
    hereto (the “Pledged Securities”) represent all of the capital stock
    and other equity interests of the Guarantors, and represent all capital
    stock and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the
    Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid
    and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal and beneficial owner of
    the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest
    or other encumbrance except for the security interests created by this
    Agreement and other Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures).
     
    (j)  The ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and
    limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the “
    Pledged Interests”) by their express terms do not provide that they are
    securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not held in a
    securities account or by any financial intermediary.
     
    (k)  Except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), each
    Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests
    provided for hereunder as valid and perfected liens and security
    interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Parties until this
    Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated
    pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the
    same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. Each
    Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of
    the Secured Parties. At the request of the Agent, each Debtor will sign
    and deliver to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties at any time
    or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the
    UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and will pay the cost
    of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is
    deemed by the Agent to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights
    and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of
    the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts
    necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests
    hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Agent from
    time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of
    claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the
    Security Interests hereunder.
 
    (l)  No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license,
    sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except for (i)
    non-exclusive licenses granted by a Debtor in its ordinary course of
    business and sales of inventory by a Debtor in its ordinary course of
    business and (ii) Permitted Liens) without the prior written consent of
    a Majority in Interest.
     
    (m)  Each Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and
    other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order and shall
    not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or
    located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.
     
    (n)  Each Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable
    insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including
    Collateral hereafter acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and
    in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established
    reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in such
    amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other
    such entities and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in
    similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full
    replacement cost thereof. Each Debtor shall cause each insurance policy
    issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer issuing such
    policy to certify to the Agent, that (a) the Agent will be named as
    lender loss payee and additional insured under each such insurance
    policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially
    changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will promptly notify
    the Agent and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to
    the Agent for at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Agent of
    such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase
    coverage under the policy; and (c) the Agent will have the right (but
    no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of
    premiums within thirty (30) days of notice from the insurer of such
    default. If no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) exists
    and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related
    claims do not exceed $100,000, loss payments in each instance will be
    applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of
    property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent
    reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof
    remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the
    applicable Debtor; provided, however, that payments received by any
    Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess
    of $100,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences shall
    be paid to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if received
    by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Parties and
    immediately paid over to the Agent unless otherwise directed in writing
    by the Agent. Copies of such policies or the related certificates, in
    each case, naming the Agent as lender loss payee and additional insured
    shall be delivered to the Agent at least annually and at the time any
    new policy of insurance is issued.
     

  	7 	 

 

     
    (o)  Each Debtor shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge
    thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of
    any material adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of
    any event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of
    the Collateral or on the Secured Parties’ security interest, through
    the Agent, therein.
     
    (p) Each Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Agent such
    further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing
    statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances
    and take such further action as the Agent may from time to time request
    and may in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or
    enforce the Secured Parties’ security interest in the Collateral
    including, without limitation, if applicable, the execution and
    delivery of a separate security agreement with respect to each Debtor’s
    Intellectual Property (“Intellectual Property Security Agreement”) in
    which the Secured Parties have been granted a security interest
    hereunder, substantially in a form reasonably acceptable to the Agent,
    which Intellectual Property Security Agreement, other than as stated
    therein, shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.
 
    (q)  Each Debtor shall permit the Agent and its representatives and
    agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and upon
    reasonable prior notice, and to make copies of records pertaining to
    the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to
    time.
     
    (r)  Each Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to
    diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights,
    claims, causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the
    Collateral.
     
    (s)  Each Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in
    sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment,
    execution or other legal process levied against any Collateral and of
    any other information received by such Debtor that may materially
    affect the value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights
    and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.
     

  	8 	 

 

     
    (t)  All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the
    Secured Parties by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the
    Collateral is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the
    date furnished.
     
    (u)  The Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and
    effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any
    rights and franchises material to its business.
     
    (v)  No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction
    of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one),
    legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious
    name unless it provides at least 30 days prior written notice to the
    Secured Parties of such change and, at the time of such written
    notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture
    filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the
    Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.
     
    (w)  Except in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign
    any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill and hold,
    sale or return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale
    without the consent of the Agent which shall not be unreasonably
    withheld.
 
    (x)  No Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new
    location without providing 30 days prior written notification thereof
    to the Secured Parties and so long as, at the time of such written
    notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture
    filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the
    Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.
 
    (y)  Each Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the
    laws of the state (or other jurisdiction in the case of a Debtor not
    organized in the United States) set forth next to such Debtor’s name in 
    Schedule D attached hereto, which Schedule D sets forth each Debtor’s
    organizational identification number or, if any Debtor does not have
    one, states that one does not exist.
     
    (z)  (i) The actual name of each Debtor is the name set forth in 
    Schedule D attached hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except
    as set forth on Schedule E attached hereto; (iii) no Debtor has used
    any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto or as set forth
    on Schedule E for the preceding five years; and (iv) no entity has
    merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past
    five years except as set forth on Schedule E.
     
    (aa)  At any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of
    instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or
    permit possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest
    created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to
    the Agent.
     

  	9 	 

 

     
    (bb)  Each Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees to comply
    with any and all orders and instructions of Agent regarding the Pledged
    Interests consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the
    further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any
    successor section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it
    shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer
    “control” within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other
    person or entity [other than the Senior Lender].
     
    (cc)  Each Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting
    Collateral to be delivered to the Agent, or, if such delivery is not
    possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend
    noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this
    Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic
    chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel
    paper to be “marked” within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or
    successor section thereto).
     
    (dd)  If there is any investment property or deposit account included
    as Collateral that can be perfected by “control” through an account
    control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account
    control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to
    the Agent, to be entered into and delivered to the Agent for the
    benefit of the Secured Parties.
     
    (ee)  To the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit
    rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying
    letter of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to
    the Secured Parties.
     
    (ff)  To the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any
    third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Agent in
    notifying such third party of the Secured Parties’ security interest in
    such Collateral and shall use its best efforts to obtain an
    acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the
    Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.
     
    (gg)  If any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort
    claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in a
    writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to
    the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in
    the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such
    writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.
     
    (hh)  Each Debtor shall immediately provide written notice to the
    Secured Parties of any and all accounts which arise out of contracts
    with any governmental authority and, to the extent necessary to perfect
    or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such
    accounts and proceeds thereof, shall execute and deliver to the Agent
    an assignment of claims for such accounts and cooperate with the Agent
    in taking any other steps required, in its judgment, under the Federal
    Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute
    or rule to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security
    Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof.
     

  	10 	 

 

     
    (ii)  Each Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to
    immediately become a party hereto (an “Additional Debtor”), by
    executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially
    the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply with the provisions
    hereof applicable to the Debtors. Concurrent therewith, the Additional
    Debtor shall deliver replacement schedules for, or supplements to all
    other Schedules to (or referred to in) this Agreement, as applicable,
    which replacement schedules shall supersede, or supplements shall
    modify, the Schedules then in effect. The Additional Debtor shall also
    deliver such opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions, good
    standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational
    documents, financing statements and other information and documentation
    as the Agent may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to
    the Agent, the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this
    Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all
    purposes hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an
    original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the
    representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the
    date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and
    all references herein to the “Debtors” shall be deemed to include each
    Additional Debtor.
     
    (jj) 	Each Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the
    covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Debentures.
     
    (kk)	Each Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged
    Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each
    issuer of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable
    Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of
    such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities
    delivered to the Agent, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Agent an
    acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with
    the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by
    registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged
    Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has
    registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time
    directed by Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default, such
    issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities
    into the name of any designee of Agent, will take such steps as may be
    necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other
    instructions of Agent regarding such Pledged Securities without the
    further consent of the applicable Debtor.
     
    (ll) 	In the event that, upon an occurrence of an Event of Default,
    Agent shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party
    or parties (herein called the “Transferee”) or shall purchase or retain
    all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall, to the extent
    applicable: (i) deliver to Agent or the Transferee, as the case may be,
    the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock certificate
    books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements,
    evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records and all
    other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their
    direct and indirect subsidiaries; (ii) use its best efforts to obtain
    resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of
    the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, if so
    requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that
    are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order to permit
    the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or
    retention of the Pledged Securities by Agent and allow the Transferee
    or Agent to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and
    indirect subsidiaries.
     
    (mm) 	Without limiting the generality of the other obligations of the
    Debtors hereunder, each Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be
    registered at the United States Copyright Office all of its material
    copyrights, (ii) cause the security interest contemplated hereby with
    respect to all Intellectual Property registered at the United States
    Copyright Office or United States Patent and Trademark Office to be
    duly recorded at the applicable office, and (iii) give the Agent notice
    whenever it acquires (whether absolutely or by license) or creates any
    additional material Intellectual Property.
     
    (nn)  Each Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several
    expense of the Debtors, promptly execute and deliver all such further
    instruments and documents, and take all such further action as may be
    necessary or desirable, or as the Agent may reasonably request, in
    order to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported
    to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Parties to exercise and
    enforce their rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any
    Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement.
     
    (oo)  Schedule F attached hereto lists all of the patents, patent
    applications, trademarks, trademark applications, registered
    copyrights, and domain names owned by any of the Debtors as of the date
    hereof. Schedule F lists all material licenses in favor of any Debtor
    for the use of any patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names as
    of the date hereof. All material patents and trademarks of the Debtors
    have been duly recorded at the United States Patent and Trademark
    Office and all material copyrights of the Debtors have been duly
    recorded at the United States Copyright Office.
     
    (pp)  Except as set forth on Schedule G attached hereto, none of the
    account debtors or other persons or entities obligated on any of the
    Collateral is a governmental authority covered by the Federal
    Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute
    or rule in respect of such Collateral.
     
    (qq)	 Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full,
    the Company covenants that it shall promptly direct any direct or
    indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date
    hereof to enter into a Subsidiary Guarantee in favor of the Secured
    Party, in the form attached as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement.
     

  	11 	 

 

     
5.  Effect of Pledge on Certain Rights. If any of the Collateral subject to 
this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests 
(regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be 
converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence of 
certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or 
any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed that the 
pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or 
the enforcement of any of Agent’s rights hereunder shall not be deemed to 
be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights 
notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational Documents or 
agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party.
     
6.  Defaults. The following events shall be “Events of Default”:
 
    (a)   The occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the
    Debentures) under the Debentures;
     
    (b)  Any representation or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement
    shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made;
     
    (c)  The failure by any Debtor to observe or perform any of its
    obligations hereunder for five (5) days after delivery to such Debtor
    of notice of such failure by or on behalf of a Secured Party unless
    such default is capable of cure but cannot be cured within such time
    frame and such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely
    fashion; or
     
    (d)  If any provision of this Agreement shall at any time for any
    reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or
    enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Debtor, or a
    proceeding shall be commenced by any Debtor, or by any governmental
    authority having jurisdiction over any Debtor, seeking to establish the
    invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that
    any Debtor has any liability or obligation purported to be created
    under this Agreement.
     
7.  Duty to Hold in Trust.
 
    (a)  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time
    thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income,
    dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interests,
    whether payable pursuant to the Debentures or otherwise, or of any
    check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an
    obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured
    Parties and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or
    instruments, or both, to the Secured Parties, pro-rata in proportion to
    their respective then-currently outstanding principal amount of
    Debentures for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations (and
    if any Debenture is not outstanding, pro-rata in proportion to the
    initial purchases of the remaining Debentures).
     
    (b)  If any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive
    any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares
    of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities
    acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or
    other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any
    distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification
    or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any
    reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect
    subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an
    addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged
    Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as
    the agent of the Secured Parties; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf
    of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and (iii) to deliver any
    and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Agent on or
    before the close of business on the fifth business day following the
    receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together
    with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Agent subject to the
    terms of this Agreement as Collateral.
 

  	12 	 

 

 
8.  Rights and Remedies Upon Default.
 
    (a)  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time
    thereafter, the Secured Parties, acting through the Agent, shall have
    the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under
    the Debentures, and the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and
    remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the
    Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have the following
    rights and powers:
 
       (i)   The Agent shall have the right to take possession of the
       Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance
       of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part
       thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor
       shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Agent at
       places which the Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such
       Debtor’s premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Agent,
       without rent, all of such Debtor’s respective premises and
       facilities for the purpose of the Agent taking possession of,
       removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.
        
       (ii)  Upon notice to the Debtors by Agent, all rights of each Debtor
       to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would
       otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to
       receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be
       authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon such notice,
       Agent shall have the right to receive, for the benefit of the
       Secured Parties, any interest, cash dividends or other payments on
       the Collateral and, at the option of Agent, to exercise in such
       Agent’s discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without
       limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right
       (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the
       Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof,
       including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its
       sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a
       merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other
       readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or
       any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.
        
       (iii)   The Agent shall have the right to operate the business of
       each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign,
       sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of
       the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with
       or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit
       or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time
       or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and
       conditions as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, all
       without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and
       cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any
       Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby
       expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other
       transfer of Collateral, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
       Parties, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be
       waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free
       from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and
       equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released.
        

  	13 	 

 

        
       (iv)  The Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to
       notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or
       accounts to make payments directly to the Agent, on behalf of the
       Secured Parties, and to enforce the Debtors’ rights against such
       account debtors and obligors.
        
       (v)  The Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may (but is
       not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other
       person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the
       same to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, or its
       designee.
        
       (vi)  The Agent may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all
       Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the
       United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office
       into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any
       purchaser of any Collateral.
        
    (b)  The Agent shall comply with any applicable law in connection with
    a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered
    adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the
    Collateral. The Agent may sell the Collateral without giving any
    warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Agent
    sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be
    credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition,
    each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial
    hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Agent’s rights and
    remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following
    an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and
    to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.
     
    (c)  For the purpose of enabling the Agent to further exercise rights
    and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or
    applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Agent, for the benefit
    of the Agent and the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, nonexclusive
    license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation
    to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of
    Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by
    such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in
    such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may
    be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used
    for the compilation or printout thereof.
 

  	14 	 

 

 
9.  Applications of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other 
disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account of 
any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be 
applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing 
and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without 
limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection 
therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
expenses incurred by the Agent in enforcing the Secured Parties’ rights 
hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the 
Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata among the 
Secured Parties (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of Debentures 
at the time of any such determination), and to the payment of any other 
amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Parties shall 
pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, 
license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are 
insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Parties are legally 
entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency, together with 
interest thereon, at the rate of 18% per annum or the lesser amount 
permitted by applicable law (the “Default Rate”), and the reasonable fees 
of any attorneys employed by the Secured Parties to collect such 
deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives 
all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out of 
the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due 
solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Parties 
as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a 
court of competent jurisdiction.
 
10.  Securities Law Provision. Each Debtor recognizes that Agent may be 
limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the 
Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws 
(collectively, the “Securities Laws”), and may be compelled to resort to 
one or more sales to a restricted group of purchasers who may be required 
to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for 
investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each 
Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less 
favorable than if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that 
Agent has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the 
period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the 
public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with Agent in 
its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws 
(including, without limitation, registration thereunder if requested by 
Agent) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Agent.
 
11.  Costs and Expenses. Each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable 
out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any 
filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing 
statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases 
and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any 
searches reasonably required by the Agent. The Debtors shall also pay all 
other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Agent is 
reasonably likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral 
or the Security Interests therein. The Debtors will also, upon demand, pay 
to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the 
reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, 
which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may incur in 
connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, 
foreclosure, collection or enforcement of the Security Interest and the 
preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this 
Agreement and pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable 
expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of 
any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, and the Secured Parties may incur in connection with (i) the 
enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the 
sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, 
or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured 
Parties under the Debentures. Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder 
shall be added to the principal amount of the Debentures and shall bear 
interest at the Default Rate.
 

  	15 	 

 

 
12. Responsibility for Collateral. The Debtors assume all liabilities and 
responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall 
in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, 
damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any 
reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither the 
Agent nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty (either before or after an 
Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to 
preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation 
to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each 
Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement 
included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor 
thereunder. Neither the Agent nor any Secured Party shall have any 
obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of 
or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured 
Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Agent 
or any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the 
obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or 
agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment 
received by the Agent or any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral or 
as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such 
contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to 
enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may 
have been assigned to the Agent or to which the Agent or any Secured Party 
may be entitled at any time or times.
 
13.  Security Interests Absolute. All rights of the Secured Parties and all 
obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, 
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this 
Agreement, the Debentures or any agreement entered into in connection with 
the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the 
time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term 
of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or 
any consent to any departure from the Debentures or any other agreement 
entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or 
nonperfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or 
waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any 
guarantee, or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) 
any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in 
its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in 
connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might 
otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, 
or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. 
Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the 
rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if the Obligations are 
barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the 
statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives 
presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and 
demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any 
Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall 
be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been 
a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or 
insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise 
due to any party other than the Secured Parties, then, in any such event, 
each Debtor’s obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this 
Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment 
thereof and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and 
binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions 
hereof. Each Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Parties to 
proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which 
the Secured Parties may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to 
pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising by reason 
of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured 
hereby.
 

  	16 	 

 

 
14.  Term of Agreement. This Agreement and the Security Interests shall 
terminate on the date on which all payments under the Debentures have been 
indefeasibly paid in full and all other Obligations have been paid or 
discharged; provided, however, that all indemnities of the Debtors 
contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Annex B 
hereto) shall survive and remain operative and in full force and effect 
regardless of the termination of this Agreement.
 
15.  Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.
     
    (a)  Each Debtor authorizes the Agent, and does hereby make, constitute
    and appoint the Agent and its officers, agents, successors or assigns
    with full power of substitution, as such Debtor’s true and lawful
    attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Agent or such Debtor,
    to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
    Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other
    instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect
    of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come
    into possession of the Agent; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing
    statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill,
    bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors,
    assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and
    other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge
    taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time
    levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to
    demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due
    in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property
    or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi)
    generally, at the option of the Agent, and at the expense of the
    Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any
    and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which
    the Agent deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the
    Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to
    effect the intent of this Agreement and the Debentures all as fully and
    effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby
    ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done
    by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest
    and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter
    as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. The designation
    set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any
    inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other
    documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any
    Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
    after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
    the Agent on behalf of the secured Parties and each Secured Party is
    specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or
    instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks,
    copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent
    and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office.
     

  	17 	 

 

     
    (b)  On a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute,
    acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the
    proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, including,
    without limitation, the jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C attached
    hereto, all such instruments, and take all such action as may
    reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested
    by the Agent, to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and
    otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or
    for assuring and confirming to the Agent the grant or perfection of a
    perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.
 
    (c)  Each Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as such Debtor’s
    attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such
    Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Agent’s
    discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the
    Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of
    this Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or
    more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto,
    relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor
    where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not)
    describe the Collateral as “all assets” or “all personal property” or
    words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Agent
    for the benefit of the Secured Parties. This power of attorney is
    coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this
    Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be
    outstanding.
 
16.  Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase 
Agreement (as such term is defined in the Debentures).
 
17.  Other Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or 
hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the 
guarantee, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation 
or other entity, then the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall 
have the right, in its sole discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, 
modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way 
modifying or affecting any of the Secured Parties’ rights and remedies 
hereunder.
 
18.  Appointment of Agent. The Secured Parties hereby appoint Hillair 
Capital Management LLC to act as their agent (“Agent”) for purposes of 
exercising any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties 
hereunder. Such appointment shall continue until revoked in writing by a 
Majority in Interest, at which time a Majority in Interest shall appoint a 
new Agent, provided that Agent may not be removed as Agent unless Agent 
shall then hold less than $500,000 in principal amount of Debentures; 
provided, further, that such removal may occur only if each of the other 
Secured Parties shall then hold not less than an aggregate of $2,900,001 in 
principal amount of Debentures. The Agent shall have the rights, 
responsibilities and immunities set forth in Annex B hereto.
 

  	18 	 

 

 
19.  Miscellaneous.
 
    (a)  No course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Parties,
    nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part
    of the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder or
    under the Debentures shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
    single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder
    or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
    exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
     
    (b)  All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties, and of the
    Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, with respect to the Collateral,
    whether established hereby or by the Debentures or by any other
    agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and
    may be exercised singly or concurrently.
     
    (c)  This Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto,
    contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the
    subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
    understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which
    the parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement and the
    exhibits and schedules hereto. No provision of this Agreement may be
    waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written
    instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Debtors and by
    the Secured Parties holding 67% or more of the principal amount of
    Debentures then outstanding, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party
    against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.
     
    (d)  If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement
    is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
    void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
    covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
    and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated,
    and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
    to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or
    substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term,
    provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and
    declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have
    executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions
    without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid,
    illegal, void or unenforceable.
     
    (e)  No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition
    or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
    waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
    of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any
    delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any
    manner impair the exercise of any such right.
     
    (f)   This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
    the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and
    the Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or
    obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Secured
    Party. Any Secured Party may assign any or all of its rights under this
    Agreement to any Person (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to whom
    such Secured Party assigns or transfers any rights with respect to any
    Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound,
    with respect to such transferred rights, by the provisions of this
    Agreement that apply to the “Secured Parties.”
     

  	19 	 

 

     
    (g)  Each party shall take such further action and execute and deliver
    such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
    carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.
     
    (h)  Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or
    situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the
    construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
    Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
    with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
    principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent
    mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral
    is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the
    interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and the Debentures (whether brought
    against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
    officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall
    be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the
    City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Except to the extent
    mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral
    is located, each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
    jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New
    York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute
    hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
    contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives,
    and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not
    personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
    proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives
    personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
    such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
    mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at
    the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
    that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
    process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
    limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
    law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
    permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any
    legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the
    transactions contemplated hereby.
     
    (i)  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
    of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of
    which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In
    the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,
    such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party
    executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with
    the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the
    original thereof.
     

  	20 	 

 

     
    (j)  All Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the
    obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Parties hereunder.
     
    (k)   Each Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the
    Agent and the Secured Parties and their respective partners, members,
    shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other
    persons with other titles that have similar functions) (collectively, “
    Indemnitees”) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities,
    damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature,
    (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any
    of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such
    Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise
    from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims,
    liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result
    from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as
    determined by a final, nonappealable decision of a court of competent
    jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not
    in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the
    Debentures, the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the
    Debentures) or any other agreement, instrument or other document
    executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.
     
    (l)   Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Agent or
    any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any of its
    direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in
    any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a
    limited liability company, nor shall Agent or any Secured Party be
    deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement
    or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such
    Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or otherwise,
    unless and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be
    substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable,
    pursuant hereto.
     
    (m)   To the extent that the grant of the security interest in the
    Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent,
    approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any
    Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance
    with any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors
    hereby grant such consent and approval and waive any such noncompliance
    with the terms of said documents.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 

  	21 	 

 

  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement 
to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.
 
ABT HOLDINGS, Inc.
 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Shahan Ohanessian 	 
  	Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN 	 
  	
Title: CEO 
 
  	  	 
SCOOBEEZ, INC.
 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Shahan Ohanessian 	 
  	Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN 	 
  	Title: CEO 	 
  	  	 
SCOOBEEZ GLOBAL, INC. 
 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Shahan Ohanessian 	 
  	Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN 	 
  	Title: CEO 	 
  	  	 
SCOOBUR LLC
 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Shahan Ohanessian  	 
  	Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN 	 
  	Title: Managing Partner 	 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]
 

 

 

 
[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS]
 
Name of Investing Entity: __________________________
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing entity: 
_________________________
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________
               
               
[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]
  

 

 

 
SCHEDULE A
 
Principal Place of Business of Debtors
 
Locations Where Collateral is Located or Stored
 
 
SCHEDULE B
 
Existing Liens
 
 
SCHEDULE C
 
Filings
 
 
SCHEDULE D
 
Legal Names and Organizational Identification Numbers
 
 
SCHEDULE E
Names; Mergers and Acquisitions
 
 
SCHEDULE F
Intellectual Property
 
 
SCHEDULE G
Account Debtors
 
 
SCHEDULE H
Pledged Securities
 

 

 

 
ANNEX A
to
SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
FORM OF ADDITIONAL DEBTOR JOINDER
 
Security Agreement dated as of October 7, 2016 made by
ABT Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries party thereto
from time to time, as Debtors to and in favor of
the Secured Parties identified therein (the “Security Agreement”)
 
Reference is made to the Security Agreement as defined above; capitalized 
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
given to such terms in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement.
 
The undersigned hereby agrees that upon delivery of this Additional Debtor 
Joinder to the Secured Parties referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) 
be an Additional Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the 
rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully 
and to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory 
thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties 
set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this 
Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE 
FOREGOING, THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE AGENT ON BEHALF OF 
THE SECURED PARTIES A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET 
FORTH IN THE SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER 
OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN.
 
Attached hereto are supplemental and/or replacement Schedules to the 
Security Agreement, as applicable.
 
An executed copy of this Joinder shall be delivered to the Secured Parties, 
and the Secured Parties may rely on the matters set forth herein on or 
after the date hereof. This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or 
terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties.
 
                       

 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder to be executed 
in the name and on behalf of the undersigned.
 
        [None as of October 7, 2016]
 
  	By: 	 /s/ Shahan Ohanessian
  	Name: SHAHAN OHANESSIAN
  	Title: CEO
  	  	 
  	
Address: 396 S. PASADENA AVE,
PASADENA, CA 91105
  
Dated:
 

 

 

 
ANNEX B
to
SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
THE AGENT
 
1. Appointment. The Secured Parties (all capitalized terms used herein and 
not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings provided in the 
Security Agreement to which this Annex B is attached (the “Agreement”)), by 
their acceptance of the benefits of the Agreement, hereby designate [_____] 
(“[_____]” or “Agent”) as the Agent to act as specified herein and in the 
Agreement. Each Secured Party shall be deemed irrevocably to authorize the 
Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of the 
Agreement and any other Transaction Document (as such term is defined in 
the Purchase Agreement) and to exercise such powers and to perform such 
duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or 
required of the Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers 
as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agent may perform any of its 
duties hereunder by or through its agents or employees.
 
2. Nature of Duties. The Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities 
except those expressly set forth in the Agreement. Neither the Agent nor 
any of its partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees 
or agents shall be liable for any action taken or omitted by it as such 
under the Agreement or hereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, be 
responsible for the consequence of any oversight or error of judgment or 
answerable for any loss, unless caused solely by its or their gross 
negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final judgment (not 
subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. The duties 
of the Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature; the Agent 
shall not have by reason of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document 
a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Debtor or any Secured Party; and 
nothing in the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, expressed or 
implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon the 
Agent any obligations in respect of the Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document except as expressly set forth herein and therein.
 
3. Lack of Reliance on the Agent. Independently and without reliance upon 
the Agent, each Secured Party, to the extent it deems appropriate, has made 
and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries in 
connection with such Secured Party’s investment in the Debtors, the 
creation and continuance of the Obligations, the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents, and the taking or not taking of any action in 
connection therewith, and (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of 
the Company and its subsidiaries, and of the value of the Collateral from 
time to time, and the Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either 
initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Secured Party with any 
credit, market or other information with respect thereto, whether coming 
into its possession before any Obligations are incurred or at any time or 
times thereafter. The Agent shall not be responsible to the Debtors or any 
Secured Party for any recitals, statements, information, representations or 
warranties herein or in any document, certificate or other writing 
delivered in connection herewith, or for the execution, effectiveness, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability, perfection, collectibility, priority 
or sufficiency of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or for 
the financial condition of the Debtors or the value of any of the 
Collateral, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the 
performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of 
the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the financial condition 
of the Debtors, or the value of any of the Collateral, or the existence or 
possible existence of any default or Event of Default under the Agreement, 
the Debentures or any of the other Transaction Documents.
 

 

 

 
4. Certain Rights of the Agent. The Agent shall have the right to take any 
action with respect to the Collateral, on behalf of all of the Secured 
Parties. To the extent practical, the Agent shall request instructions from 
the Secured Parties with respect to any material act or action (including 
failure to act) in connection with the Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document, and shall be entitled to act or refrain from acting in accordance 
with the instructions of a Majority in Interest; if such instructions are 
not provided despite the Agent’s request therefor, the Agent shall be 
entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action, and if such action 
is taken, shall be entitled to appropriate indemnification from the Secured 
Parties in respect of actions to be taken by the Agent; and the Agent shall 
not incur liability to any person or entity by reason of so refraining. 
Without limiting the foregoing, (a) no Secured Party shall have any right 
of action whatsoever against the Agent as a result of the Agent acting or 
refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the terms of the 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and the Debtors shall have no 
right to question or challenge the authority of, or the instructions given 
to, the Agent pursuant to the foregoing and (b) the Agent shall not be 
required to take any action which the Agent believes (i) could reasonably 
be expected to expose it to personal liability or (ii) is contrary to this 
Agreement, the Transaction Documents or applicable law.
 
5. Reliance. The Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully 
protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, statement, 
certificate, telex, teletype or telecopier message, cablegram, radiogram, 
order or other document or telephone message signed, sent or made by the 
proper person or entity, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining 
to the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and its duties 
thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it and upon all other 
matters pertaining to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents 
and its duties thereunder, upon advice of other experts selected by it. 
Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, the Agent shall have no 
obligation whatsoever to any Secured Party to assure that the Collateral 
exists or is owned by the Debtors or is cared for, protected or insured or 
that the liens granted pursuant to the Agreement have been properly or 
sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, or enforced or are entitled to 
any particular priority.
 

 

 

 
6. Indemnification. To the extent that the Agent is not reimbursed and 
indemnified by the Debtors, the Secured Parties will jointly and severally 
reimburse and indemnify the Agent, in proportion to their initially 
purchased respective principal amounts of Debentures, from and against any 
and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, 
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature 
whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the 
Agent in performing its duties hereunder or under the Agreement or any 
other Transaction Document, or in any way relating to or arising out of the 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document except for those determined by 
a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent 
jurisdiction to have resulted solely from the Agent’s own gross negligence 
or willful misconduct. Prior to taking any action hereunder as Agent, the 
Agent may require each Secured Party to deposit with it sufficient sums as 
it determines in good faith is necessary to protect the Agent for costs and 
expenses associated with taking such action.
 
7. Resignation by the Agent.
     
    (a) The Agent may resign from the performance of all its functions and
    duties under the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents at any
    time by giving 30 days’ prior written notice (as provided in the
    Agreement) to the Debtors and the Secured Parties. Such resignation
    shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent pursuant to
    clauses (b) and (c) below.
     
    (b) Upon any such notice of resignation, the Secured Parties, acting by
    a Majority in Interest, shall appoint a successor Agent hereunder.
     
    (c) If a successor Agent shall not have been so appointed within said
    30-day period, the Agent shall then appoint a successor Agent who shall
    serve as Agent until such time, if any, as the Secured Parties appoint
    a successor Agent as provided above. If a successor Agent has not been
    appointed within such 30-day period, the Agent may petition any court
    of competent jurisdiction or may interplead the Debtors and the Secured
    Parties in a proceeding for the appointment of a successor Agent, and
    all fees, including, but not limited to, extraordinary fees associated
    with the filing of interpleader and expenses associated therewith,
    shall be payable by the Debtors on demand.
 
8. Rights with respect to Collateral. Each Secured Party agrees with all 
other Secured Parties and the Agent (i) that such Secured Party shall not, 
and shall not attempt to, exercise any rights with respect to its security 
interest in the Collateral, whether pursuant to any other agreement or 
otherwise (other than pursuant to this Agreement), or take or institute any 
action against the Agent or any of the other Secured Parties in respect of 
the Collateral or its rights hereunder (other than any such action arising 
from the breach of this Agreement) and (ii) that such Secured Party has no 
other rights with respect to the Collateral other than as set forth in this 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Upon the acceptance of any 
appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent 
shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, 
privileges and duties of the retiring Agent and the retiring Agent shall be 
discharged from its duties and obligations under the Agreement.  After any 
retiring Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder as Agent, the provisions 
of the Agreement including this Annex B shall inure to its benefit as to 
any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent.
 
 
 
 