 EX-10.1 4 d392723dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

ASSURANT, INC. 2017
LONG TERM EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

SECTION 1. Purpose; Definitions.

1.1. Purpose. The purpose of this Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity 
Incentive Plan is to give the Company a competitive advantage in 
attracting, retaining, and motivating officers, employees, directors, and 
consultants, and to provide the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates 
with a long term incentive plan providing incentives directly linked to 
stockholder value.

1.2. Definitions. Certain terms used herein have definitions given to them 
in the first place in which they are used. In addition, for purposes of 
this Plan, the following terms are defined as set forth below:

(a) Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time 
to time, any regulations promulgated thereunder, and any successor thereto.

(b) Administrator has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

(c) Affiliate means any Subsidiary and any other corporation or other 
entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with, the 
Company, as determined by the Committee.

(d) Applicable Exchange means the New York Stock Exchange or such other 
securities exchange as may at the applicable time be the principal market 
for the Common Stock.

(e) Award means an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, 
Unrestricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, or 
Performance Unit granted pursuant to the terms of this Plan.

(f) Award Certificate means a written document, in such form as the 
Committee prescribes from time to time, setting forth the terms and 
conditions of an Award. Award Certificates may be in the form of individual 
award agreements or certificates or a program document describing the terms 
and provisions of an Award or series of Awards under the Plan. The 
Committee may provide for the use of electronic, internet or other 
non-paper Award Certificates, and the use of electronic, internet or other 
non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by a 
Participant.

(g) Beneficial Owner has the meaning given in Rule 13d-3, promulgated 
pursuant to the Act.

(h) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(i) Cause means, unless otherwise provided in an Award Certificate, (i) 
Cause as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the applicable 
Participant is a party and which is operative at the time of the 
Participants termination of employment, or (ii) if there is no such 
Individual Agreement, or if such Individual Award Agreement does not define 
Cause, the Committees good faith determination that any of the following 
have occurred: (A) Participants commission of, indictment for, conviction 
of, pleading guilty to, confessing to, or entering of a plea of nolo 
contendere to any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty, theft, 
embezzlement, moral turpitude, or a breach of trust, (B) failure on the 
part of the Participant to perform substantially such Participants 
employment duties in any material respect, (C) Participants prolonged 
absence from duty, unless pursuant to Company policy and/or applicable law 
regarding employee leaves of absence, or otherwise with the consent of the 
Company, (D) breach by the Participant of any duty or contractual 
obligation owed by Participant to the Company, (E) material violation by 
Participant of any policy or procedure of the Company, (F) Participants 
negligent or willful misconduct or malfeasance of duty which is reasonably 
determined to be detrimental to the Company, or (G) to the extent not 
covered by another subsection of this definition, Participant intentionally 
engaging in any activity that is reasonably determined by the Committee to 
be in conflict with or adverse to the business or other interests of the 
Company.

(j) Change of Control has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

(k) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, and any successor thereto, regulations promulgated thereunder, and 
other relevant interpretive guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service 
or the Treasury Department. Reference to any specific section of the Code 
shall be deemed to include such regulations and guidance, as well as any 
successor provision of the Code.

(l) Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
successor agency.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m) Committee means a committee or subcommittee of the Board, appointed 
from time to time by the Board, which committee or subcommittee shall 
consist of two or more non-employee directors, each of whom is intended to 
be (i) a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3, (ii) an outside 
director as defined under Section 162(m) of the Code, and (iii) an 
independent director under the applicable rules of the Applicable 
Exchange. Initially, and unless and until otherwise determined by the 
Board, Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

(n) Common Stock means common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the 
Company, and such other securities of the Company as may be substituted for 
Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.6.

(o) Company means Assurant, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any 
successor thereto.

(p) Continuous Service means the absence of any interruption or 
termination of service as an employee, officer, consultant or director of 
the Company or any Affiliate, as applicable; provided, however, that for 
purposes of an Incentive Stock Option Continuous Service means the 
absence of any interruption or termination of service as an employee of the 
Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, pursuant to applicable tax 
regulations. Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in the 
following cases: (i) a Participant transfers employment between the Company 
and an Affiliate or between Affiliates, (ii) in the discretion of the 
Committee as specified at or prior to such occurrence, in the case of a 
spin-off, sale or disposition of the Participants employer from the 
Company or any Affiliate, (iii) a Participant transfers from being an 
employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a director of the Company 
or of an Affiliate, or vice versa, (iv) in the discretion of the Committee 
as specified at or prior to such occurrence, a Participant transfers from 
being an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a consultant to 
the Company or of an Affiliate, or vice versa, or (v) any leave of absence 
authorized in writing by the Company prior to its commencement; provided, 
however, that for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may 
exceed 90 days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is 
guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a 
leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, on the 91st 
day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall 
cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for 
tax purposes as a Nonqualified Option. Whether military, government or 
other service or other leave of absence shall constitute a termination of 
Continuous Service shall be determined in each case by the Committee at its 
discretion, and any determination by the Committee shall be final and 
conclusive; provided, however, that for purposes of any Award that is 
subject to Code Section 409A, the determination of a leave of absence must 
comply with the requirements of a bona fide leave of absence as provided 
in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h).

(q) Disability means (i) Disability as defined in the long term 
disability plan or policy maintained or most recently maintained by the 
Company or, if applicable, an Affiliate or Subsidiary, for any Participant, 
whether or not such Participant actually receives disability benefits under 
such plan or policy, or (ii) if there is no such long term disability plan, 
Disability as defined by any Individual Agreement to which the 
Participant is a party and which is operative at the time in question, or 
(iii) if there is no such long term disability plan or Individual Agreement 
or if the applicable long term disability plan and Individual Agreement do 
not define Disability, the Participant (i) is unable to engage in any 
substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or 
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, 
or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental 
impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to 
last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income 
replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an 
accident and health plan covering employees of the Participants employer. 
In the event of a dispute, the determination whether a Participant has a 
Disability will be made by the Committee and may be supported by such 
medical or other evidence as the Committee deems necessary to judge the 
nature of the Participants condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (1) 
if the determination of Disability relates to an Incentive Stock Option, 
Disability shall mean permanent and total disability as defined in 
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and (2) if the determination of Disability 
relates to any Award subject to Section 409A of the Code, Disability shall 
mean disability as defined within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code 
and any regulations promulgated thereunder.

(r) Disaffiliation means a Subsidiarys or Affiliates ceasing to be a 
Subsidiary or Affiliate for any reason (including, without limitation, as a 
result of a public offering, or a spinoff or sale by the Company, of the 
stock of the Subsidiary or Affiliate) or a sale of a division of the 
Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate.

(s) Dividend Equivalent has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(t) Effective Date has the meaning assigned such term in Section 11.1.

(u) Eligible Individuals means directors, officers, employees, and 
consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate.

(v) Fair Market Value means the closing price of a share of Common Stock 
on the Applicable Exchange on the date of measurement or, if Shares were 
not traded on the Applicable Exchange on such measurement date, on the next 
preceding date on which Shares were traded, all as reported by such source 
as the Committee may select. If the Common Stock is not listed on a 
national securities exchange, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the 
Committee in its good faith discretion, taking into account, to the extent 
appropriate, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.

(w) Full-Value Award means an Award other than in the form of an Option 
or SAR, and which is settled by the issuance of Common Stock (or at the 
discretion of the Committee, settled in cash valued by reference to Common 
Stock value).

(x) Grant Date means (i) the date on which the Committee by resolution 
selects an Eligible Individual to receive a grant of an Award and 
determines the number of Shares to be subject to such Award, or (ii) such 
later date as the Committee shall provide in such resolution. Notice of the 
grant shall be provided to the grantee within a reasonable time after the 
Grant Date.

(y) Good Reason (or a similar term denoting constructive termination) has 
the meaning, if any, assigned such term in the employment, consulting, 
severance or similar agreement, if any, between a Participant and the 
Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that if there is no such 
employment, consulting, severance or similar agreement in which such term 
is defined, Good Reason shall have the meaning, if any, given such term 
in the applicable Award Certificate. If not defined in either such 
document, the term Good Reason as used herein shall not apply to a 
particular Award.

(z) Incentive Stock Option means any Option that is designated in the 
applicable Award Certificate as an incentive stock option within the 
meaning of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto, and 
that in fact so qualifies.

(aa) Individual Agreement means an employment, consulting, severance, 
change of control severance, or similar agreement between a Participant and 
the Company or between the Participant and any of the Companys 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates. For purposes of this Plan, an Individual 
Agreement shall be considered operative during its term; provided , that 
an Individual Agreement under which severance or other substantive 
protections, compensation and/or benefits are provided only following a 
change of control or termination of employment in anticipation of a change 
of control shall not be considered operative until the occurrence of a 
change of control or termination of employment in anticipation of a change 
of control, as applicable.

(bb) ISO Eligible Employee means an employee of the Company, any 
subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code), 
or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code).

(cc) Non-Employee Director means a director of the Company who is not a 
common law employee of the Company or an Affiliate.

(dd) Nonqualified Option means any Option that either (i) is not 
designated as an Incentive Stock Option or (ii) is so designated but fails 
to qualify as such.

(ee) Option means an Award granted under Section 5.1 of the Plan to 
purchase Common Stock at a specified price during specified time periods. 
An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option.

(ff) Participant means an Eligible Individual to whom an Award is or has 
been granted; provided that in the case of the death of a Participant, the 
term Participant refers to a beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 
13.7 or the legal guardian or other legal representative acting in a 
fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Participant under applicable state law 
and court supervision.

(gg) Performance Goals means the performance goals established by the 
Committee in connection with the grant of an Award. In the case of 
Qualified Performance-Based Awards, (i) such goals shall be based on the 
attainment of specified levels of one or more of the following measures: 
overall or selected sales growth, expense efficiency ratios (ratio of 
expenses to income), market share, customer service measures or

------------------------------------------------------------------------
indices, underwriting efficiency and/or quality, persistency factors, 
return on net assets, economic value added, stockholder value added, 
embedded value added, combined ratio, expense ratio, loss ratio, premiums, 
risk based capital, revenues, revenue growth, earnings (including earnings 
before taxes; earnings before interest and taxes; and earnings before 
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), earnings per share, book 
value per share, net operating earnings per share, operating income 
(including non-pension operating income), pre- or after-tax income, net 
income, cash flow (before or after dividends), cash flow per share (before 
or after dividends), gross margin, return on equity, return on capital 
(including return on total capital or return on invested capital), cash 
flow return on investment, return on assets or operating assets, economic 
value added (or an equivalent metric), stock price appreciation, total 
stockholder return (measured in terms of stock price appreciation and 
dividend-related returns), cost control, gross profit, net operating 
income, cash generation, unit volume, stock price, market share, sales, 
asset quality, cost saving levels, marketing-spending efficiency, core 
non-interest income, or change in working capital with respect to the 
Company or any one or more Subsidiaries, Affiliates, divisions, business 
units, or business segments of the Company, either in absolute terms or 
relative to the performance of one or more other companies or an index 
covering multiple companies, and (ii) such Performance Goals shall be set 
by the Committee within the time period prescribed by Section 162(m) of the 
Code and any regulations promulgated thereunder.

(hh) Performance Period means that period established by the Committee at 
the time any Award is granted or at any time thereafter during which any 
Performance Goal specified by the Committee with respect to such Award is 
to be measured.

(ii) Performance Shares shall have the meaning given in Section 6.1.

(jj) Performance Units shall have the meaning given in Section 7.1.

(kk) Plan means this Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, 
as set forth herein and as hereafter amended from time to time.

(ll) Prior Plan means the Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Long Term 
Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.

(mm) Qualified Performance-Based Award means an Award intended to qualify 
for the Section 162(m) Exemption, as provided in Section 10.

(nn) Restricted Stock means an Award granted under Section 6.

(oo) Restricted Stock Units means an Award granted under Section 7.

(pp) Recoupment Policy means the Assurant, Inc. Executive Compensation 
Recoupment Policy adopted by the Committee, effective as of January 1, 
2012, as the same may be amended from time to time.

(qq) Retirement shall have the meaning given to that term in the Assurant 
Pension Plan (as restated effective January 1, 2013), as amended from time 
to time.

(rr) Section 162(m) Exemption means the exemption from the limitation on 
deductibility imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code that is set forth in 
Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code.

(ss) Share means a share of Common Stock. If there has been an adjustment 
or substitution with respect to the Shares (whether or not pursuant to 
Article 3.4), the term Shares shall also include any shares of stock or 
other securities that are substituted for Shares or into which Shares are 
adjusted.

(tt) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR has the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.3.

(uu) Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
limited liability company, or other entity during any period in which at 
least a 50% voting or profits interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the Company or any successor to the Company.

(vv) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person owning stock possessing more 
than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the 
Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) 
of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(e) 
of the Code).

(ww) Term means the maximum period during which an Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right may remain outstanding, subject to earlier termination 
as specified in the applicable Award Certificate.

(xx) Unrestricted Stock shall have the meaning given in Section 6.1.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2. Administration.

2.1. Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee or a duly 
designated Administrator, as defined herein. The Committee shall, subject 
to Section 10, have plenary authority to grant Awards to Eligible 
Individuals pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Among other things, the 
Committee shall have the authority, subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Plan:

(a) To select the Eligible Individuals to whom Awards may be granted;

(b) To determine whether and to what extent Awards are to be granted 
hereunder;

(c) To determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted 
under the Plan;

(d) To determine the terms and conditions of each Award granted hereunder, 
based on such factors as the Committee shall determine;

(e) To adopt, alter, or repeal such administrative rules, guidelines, and 
practices governing the Plan as the Committee shall from time to time deem 
advisable;

(f) To interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued 
under the Plan (and any agreement relating thereto);

(g) Subject to Section 11, to accelerate the vesting or lapse of 
restrictions of any outstanding Award upon the termination of service of a 
Participant or in connection with a Change of Control, based in each case 
on such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion may 
determine;

(h) To correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any 
inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award in the manner and to the extent 
it deems necessary to carry out the intent of the Plan;

(i) To decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with 
an Award;

(j) To determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances 
cash, Shares, and other property and other amounts payable with respect to 
an Award under this Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the 
election of the Participant; and

(k) To otherwise administer the Plan.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, grants of Awards to Non-Employee 
Directors under the Plan shall be made only in accordance with the terms, 
conditions and parameters of a plan, program or policy for the compensation 
of Non-Employee Directors that is approved and administered by a committee 
of the Board consisting solely of Independent Directors.

2.2. Committee Procedures; Board Authority. The Committee shall exercise 
its authority under the Plan as follows:

(a) The Committee may act only with the assent of a majority of its members 
then in office, except that the Committee may, except to the extent 
prohibited by applicable law or the listing standards of the Applicable 
Exchange, allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to 
any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its 
responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it (the 
Administrator). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not so 
delegate any responsibility or power to the extent that such delegation 
would cause a Qualified Performance-Based Award hereunder not to qualify 
for the Section 162(m) exemption, or make any Award hereunder subject to 
(and not exempt from) the short-swing recovery rules of Section 16(b) of 
the Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee 
may not delegate its responsibilities and powers to grant, establish the 
terms and conditions of, and otherwise administer Qualified 
Performance-Based Awards in accordance with Section 10 below, nor its 
responsibilities and powers to grant and establish the terms and conditions 
of Awards to Participants who are subject to Section 16(b) of the Act.

(b) Any authority granted to the Committee may also be exercised by the 
full Board. To the extent that any permitted action taken by the Board 
conflicts with action taken by the Committee, the Board action shall 
control. To the extent the Board has reserved any authority and 
responsibility or during any time that the Board is acting as administrator 
of the Plan, it shall have all the powers and protections of the Committee 
hereunder, and any reference herein to the Committee (other than in this 
Section 2.2(b)) shall include the Board.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3. Discretion of Committee. Any determination made by the Committee or by 
the Administrator under the provisions of the Plan with respect to any 
Award shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or the 
Administrator at the time of the grant of the Award or, unless in 
contravention of any express term of the Plan, at any time thereafter. All 
decisions made by the Committee or the Administrator shall be final and 
binding on all persons, including the Company, Participants, and Eligible 
Individuals. Each member of the Committee is entitled to, in good faith, 
rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to that member 
by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the 
Companys or an Affiliates independent certified public accountants, 
Company counsel or any executive compensation consultant or other 
professional retained by the Company or the Committee to assist in the 
administration of the Plan. No member of the Committee will be liable for 
any good faith determination, act or omission in connection with the Plan 
or any Award.

2.4. Award Certificates. The terms and conditions of each Award, as 
determined by the Committee, shall be set forth in a written Award 
Certificate, which shall be delivered to the Participant receiving such 
Award upon, or as promptly as is reasonably practicable following, the 
grant of such Award. Award Certificates may be amended only in accordance 
with Section 11 hereof.


SECTION 3. Common Stock Subject to Plan; Limitations on Awards; Adjustment 
Provisions.

3.1. Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.6, 
the aggregate number of Shares reserved and available for issuance pursuant 
to Awards granted under the Plan shall be 1,500,000, plus a number of 
additional Shares underlying awards outstanding as of the Effective Date 
under the Prior Plan that thereafter terminate or expire unexercised, or 
are cancelled, forfeited or lapse for any reason. The maximum number of 
Shares that may be issued upon exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted 
under the Plan shall be 1,500,000. From and after the Effective Date, no 
further awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan and the Prior Plan 
shall remain in effect only so long as awards granted thereunder shall 
remain outstanding.

3.2. Share Counting. Shares covered by an Award shall be subtracted from 
the Plan share reserve as of the Grant Date, but shall be added back to the 
Plan share reserve or otherwise treated in accordance with this Section 
3.2.

(a) The full number of Shares subject to the Option shall count against the 
number of Shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to Awards 
granted under the Plan, even if the exercise price of an Option is 
satisfied through net-settlement or by delivering Shares to the Company (by 
either actual delivery or attestation).

(b) Upon exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights that are settled in Shares, 
the full number of Stock Appreciation Rights (rather than any lesser number 
based on the net number of Shares actually delivered upon exercise) shall 
count against the number of Shares remaining available for issuance 
pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.

(c) Shares withheld from an Option or SAR to satisfy tax withholding 
requirements shall count against the number of Shares remaining available 
for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, and Shares 
delivered by a participant to satisfy tax withholding requirements with 
respect to an Option or SAR shall not be added to the Plan share reserve.

(d) Shares withheld from a Full-Value Award to satisfy tax withholding 
requirements shall not count against the number of Shares remaining 
available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, and 
Shares delivered by a participant to satisfy tax withholding requirements 
with respect to a Full-Value Award shall be added to the Plan share 
reserve.

(e) To the extent that an Award is canceled, terminates, expires, is 
forfeited or lapses for any reason, any unissued or forfeited Shares 
subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again 
be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.

(f) Shares subject to Awards settled in cash will be added back to the Plan 
share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards 
granted under the Plan.

(g) To the extent that the full number of Shares subject to a Full Value 
Award is not issued for any reason, including by reason of failure to 
achieve maximum performance goals, the unissued Shares originally subject 
to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be 
available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) Subject to applicable Exchange requirements, shares available under a 
stockholder-approved plan of a company acquired by the Company (as 
appropriately adjusted to Shares to reflect the transaction) may be issued 
under the Plan pursuant to Awards granted to individuals who were not 
employees of the Company or its Affiliates immediately before such 
transaction and will not count against the maximum share limitation 
specified in Section 3.1.

3.3. Stock Distributed. Any Stock distributed pursuant to an Award may 
consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Stock, treasury 
Stock or Stock purchased on the open market.

3.4. Limitation on Awards. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the 
contrary (but subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.6):

(a) Options. The maximum number of Options granted under the Plan in any 
calendar year to any one Participant shall be for 300,000 Shares.

(b) SARs. The maximum number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the 
Plan in any calendar year to any one Participant shall be with respect to 
300,000 Shares.

(c) Performance Awards. With respect to any calendar year (i) the maximum 
amount that may be paid to any one Participant for performance-based Awards 
payable in cash or property other than Shares shall be $7,500,000, and (ii) 
the maximum number of Shares that may be paid to any one Participant for 
performance-based Awards shall be 300,000 Shares. For purposes of applying 
these limits in the case of multi-year performance periods, the amount of 
cash or property or number of Shares deemed paid with respect to any 
calendar year is the total amount payable or Shares earned for the 
performance period divided by the number of calendar years in the 
performance period.

(d) Awards to Non-Employee Directors. The maximum number of Shares subject 
to Non-Employee Director Awards that may be granted to any Non-Employee 
Director in any calendar year shall be limited to a number that, combined 
with any cash fees or other compensation paid to such Non-Employee 
Director, shall not exceed $600,000 in total value (calculating the value 
of any such Non-Employee Director Awards based on the grant date fair value 
of such Awards for financial reporting purposes); provided, that the Board 
may make exceptions to this limit for individual Non-Employee Directors in 
extraordinary circumstances as the Board may determine in its sole 
discretion, so long as (i) the aggregate limit does not exceed $800,000 in 
total value during a fiscal year and (ii) the Non-Employee Director 
receiving such additional compensation does not participate in the decision 
to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous compensation 
decisions involving Non-Employee Directors.

3.5. Minimum Vesting Requirements. Subject to the following sentence, Full 
Value Awards, Options and SARs granted under the Plan shall be subject to a 
minimum vesting period of three years (which may include graduated vesting 
within such three-year period; provided, however, that no portion of any 
Award subject to graduated vesting shall vest earlier than one year after 
grant), or one year if the vesting is based on performance criteria other 
than continued service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Committee 
may permit and authorize acceleration of vesting of such Full Value Awards, 
Options or SARs in the event of the Participants termination of service, 
or the occurrence of a Change in Control (subject to the requirements of 
Section 10 in the case of Qualified Performance-Based Awards), and (ii) the 
Committee may grant Full Value Awards, Options and SARs without respect to 
the above-described minimum vesting requirements with respect to Awards 
covering 5% or fewer of the total number of Shares authorized under the 
Plan.

3.6. Adjustment Provisions. The Committee shall have authority to make 
adjustments under the Plan as provided below:

(a) In the event of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or 
shares, stock rights offering, liquidation, separation, spinoff, 
Disaffiliation, extraordinary dividend of cash or other property, or 
similar event affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a 
Corporate Transaction), the Committee, or the Board may in its discretion 
make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and 
equitable to (i) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other 
securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (ii) the 
various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3.1 and 3.4, (iii) the 
number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding 
Awards, and (iv) the exercise price of outstanding Awards.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) In the event of a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its 
stockholders that causes the per-share value of the Common Stock to change 
(including, without limitation, a stock dividend, stock split, reverse 
stock split, share combination, spin-off, rights offering recapitalization, 
or similar event affecting the capital structure of the Company), the 
Committee or the Board shall make such substitutions or adjustments as it 
deems appropriate and equitable in order to prevent dilution or enlargement 
of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. Action by the 
Committee or Board may include adjustments to (i) the aggregate number and 
kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under 
the Plan, (ii) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3.1 
and 3.4, (iii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to 
outstanding Awards, and (iv) the exercise price of outstanding Awards.

(c) In the case of Corporate Transactions, such adjustments may include, 
without limitation, (i) the cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange 
for payments of cash, property, or a combination thereof having an 
aggregate value equal to the value of such Awards, as determined by the 
Committee or the Board in its sole discretion (it being understood that, in 
the case of a Corporate Transaction with respect to which stockholders of 
Common Stock receive consideration other than publicly traded equity 
securities of the Surviving Entity (as defined below in Section 9.2), any 
such determination by the Committee that the value of an Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right shall for this purpose be deemed to equal the excess, if 
any, of the value of the consideration being paid for each Share pursuant 
to such Corporate Transaction over the exercise price of such Option or 
Stock Appreciation Right shall conclusively be deemed valid), (ii) the 
substitution of other property (including, without limitation, cash or 
other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the 
Company) for the Shares subject to outstanding Awards, and (iii) in 
connection with any Disaffiliation, arranging for the assumption of Awards, 
or replacement of Awards with new awards based on other property or other 
securities (including, without limitation, other securities of the Company 
and securities of entities other than the Company), by the affected 
Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division of the Company or by the entity that 
controls such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division of the Company following 
such Disaffiliation (as well as any corresponding adjustments to Awards 
that remain based upon Company securities).

(d) The Committee may adjust the Performance Goals applicable to any Awards 
to reflect any unusual or non-recurring events and other extraordinary 
items, including without limitation impact of charges for restructurings, 
discontinued operations, and the cumulative effects of accounting or tax 
changes, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles or as 
identified in the Companys financial statements, notes to the financial 
statements, managements discussion and analysis, or other public filings, 
provided that, in the case of Performance Goals applicable to any Qualified 
Performance-Based Awards, such adjustment does not cause an Award to fail 
to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption.

3.7. Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) any 
adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 to Awards that are considered 
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code 
shall be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the 
Code, (b) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 to Awards that are 
not considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code 
shall be made in such a manner as to ensure that, after such adjustment, 
the Awards either (i) continue not to be subject to Section 409A of the 
Code, or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and 
(c) in any event, the Board, the Committee, and the Administrator shall not 
have any authority to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.6 to the 
extent the existence of such authority would cause an Award that is not 
intended to be subject to Section 409A of the Code at the Grant Date to be 
subject thereto as of the Grant Date.


SECTION 4. Eligibility.

4.1. Eligible Individuals; Incentive Stock Options. Awards may be granted 
under the Plan to Eligible Individuals; provided, however, that Incentive 
Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of 
the Code). Eligible Individuals who are service providers to an Affiliate 
may be granted Options or SARs under this Plan only if the Affiliate 
qualifies as an eligible issuer of service recipient stock within the 
meaning of §1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E) of the final regulations under Code 
Section 409A.


SECTION 5. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.

5.1. Types of Options. Options may be of two types: Incentive Stock Options 
and Nonqualified Options. The Award Certificate for an Option shall 
indicate whether the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option or

------------------------------------------------------------------------
a Nonqualified Option; provided, that any Option that is designated as an 
Incentive Stock Option but fails to meet the requirements therefore (as 
described in Section 5.2 or otherwise), and any Option that is not 
expressly designated as intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be 
treated as a Nonqualified Option.

5.2. Incentive Stock Option Limitations. To the extent that the aggregate 
Fair Market Value, determined at the time of grant, of the Shares with 
respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time 
during any calendar year under the Plan or any other stock option plan of 
the Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 
424(f) of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 
424(e) of the Code) exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be deemed 
Nonqualified Options. If an ISO Eligible Employee does not remain employed 
by the Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 
424(f) of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 
424(e) of the Code) at all times from the time an Incentive Stock Option is 
granted until 3 months prior to the date of exercise thereof (or such other 
period as required by applicable law), such Option shall be treated as a 
Nonqualified Stock Option. Should any provision of the Plan not be 
necessary in order for any Options to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, 
or should any additional provisions be required, the Committee may amend 
the Plan accordingly, without the necessity of obtaining the approval of 
the stockholders of the Company.

5.3. Nature of Stock Appreciation Rights. Upon the exercise of a Stock 
Appreciation Right, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount 
in cash, Shares, or both, in value equal to the product of (a) the excess 
of the Fair Market Value of one Share over the exercise price of the 
applicable Stock Appreciation Right, multiplied by (b) the number of Shares 
in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised. The 
applicable Award Certificate shall specify whether such payment is to be 
made in cash or Common Stock or both, or shall reserve to the Committee or 
the Participant the right to make that determination prior to or upon the 
exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right.

5.4. Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share subject to an Option or 
SAR shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable 
Award Certificate, and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a 
share of the Common Stock on the applicable Grant Date; provided, however, 
that if an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, 
the exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of 
the Stock on the applicable Grant Date.

5.5. Term. The Term of each Option and SAR shall be fixed by the Committee, 
but shall not exceed 10 years from the Grant Date.

5.6. Vesting and Exercisability. Subject to Section 3.5, Options and SARs 
shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and 
conditions as shall be determined by the Committee.

5.7. Method of Exercise. Subject to the provisions of this Section 5, 
Options and SARs may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time during 
the applicable Term by giving written notice of exercise to the Company 
specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option or SAR is being 
exercised; provided, however, that, unless otherwise permitted by the 
Committee, any such exercise must be with respect to a portion of the 
applicable Option or SAR relating to no less than the lesser of the number 
of Shares then subject to such Option or SAR or 50 Shares. In the case of 
the exercise of an Option, such notice shall be accompanied by payment in 
full of the purchase price (which shall equal the product of such number of 
shares multiplied by the applicable exercise price) by certified or bank 
check or such other instrument as the Company may accept. If approved by 
the Committee, payment, in full or in part, may also be made as follows:

(a) Payments may be made in the form of Shares (by delivery of such shares 
or by attestation) of the same class as the Common Stock subject to the 
Option already owned by the Participant (based on the Fair Market Value of 
the Common Stock on the date the Option is exercised); provided , however, 
that, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the right to make a payment 
in the form of already owned Shares of the same class as the Common Stock 
subject to the Option may be authorized only at the time the Option is 
granted.

(b) To the extent permitted by applicable law, payment may be made by 
delivering a properly executed exercise notice to the Company, together 
with a copy of irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver promptly to 
the Company the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay the 
purchase price, and, if requested, the amount of any federal, state, local, 
or foreign withholding taxes. To facilitate the foregoing, the

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, enter into 
agreements for coordinated procedures with one or more brokerage firms.

(c) Payment may be made by instructing the Company to withhold a number of 
Shares having a Fair Market Value (based on the Fair Market Value of the 
Common Stock on the date the applicable Option is exercised) equal to the 
product of (i) the exercise price multiplied by (ii) the number of Shares 
in respect of which the Option shall have been exercised.

5.8. Delivery; Rights of Stockholders. No Shares shall be delivered 
pursuant to the exercise of an Option until the exercise price therefor has 
been fully paid and applicable taxes have been withheld. The applicable 
Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company 
holding the class or series of Common Stock that is subject to the Option 
or Stock Appreciation Right (including, if applicable, the right to vote 
the applicable Shares and the right to receive dividends), when (a) the 
Company has received a written notice from the Participant of exercise that 
complies with all procedures established under this Plan for effective 
exercise, including, without limitation, completion and delivery of all 
required forms, (b) the Participant has, if requested, given the 
representation described in Section 13.1, and (c) in the case of an Option, 
the Participant has paid in full for such Shares.

5.9. Nontransferability of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. No Option 
or SAR shall be transferable by a Participant other than, for no value or 
consideration, (a) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or 
(b) in the case of a Nonqualified Option or SAR, as otherwise expressly 
permitted by the Committee including, if so permitted, pursuant to a 
transfer to the Participants family members, whether directly or 
indirectly or by means of a trust or partnership or otherwise. For purposes 
of this Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, family member 
shall have the meaning given to such term in General Instructions A.1(a)(5) 
to Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor 
thereto. Any Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable, 
subject to the terms of this Plan, only by the applicable Participant, the 
guardian or legal representative of such Participant, or any person to whom 
such Option or Stock Appreciation Right is permissibly transferred pursuant 
to this Section 5.9, it being understood that the term Participant 
includes such guardian, legal representative and other transferee; 
provided, however, that the term Continuous Service shall continue to 
refer to the original Participants service as an employee, officer, 
consultant or director of the Company or any Affiliate, as applicable.

5.10. No Deferral Feature. No Option or SAR shall provide for any feature 
for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of 
income until the exercise or disposition of the Option or SAR.

5.11. No Dividend Equivalents. No Option or SAR shall provide for Dividend 
Equivalents.

5.12. No Repricing. Except for adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 of 
the Plan, the exercise price of any outstanding Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right granted under the Plan may not be decreased, directly or 
indirectly, after the date of grant nor may any outstanding Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right with an exercise price in excess of Fair Market Value be 
surrendered to the Company as consideration for cash, the grant of a new 
Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a lower exercise price, or the 
grant of another Award without the approval of the Companys stockholders.


SECTION 6. Restricted Stock (Including Performance Shares) and Unrestricted 
Stock.

6.1. Nature of Award; Certificates. Shares of Restricted Stock and 
Unrestricted Stock are actual Shares issued to a Participant, and shall be 
evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including 
book-entry registration or issuance of one or more stock certificates. 
Shares of Restricted Stock are Shares that are subject to such 
restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may 
impose (including, for example, limitations on the right to vote Restricted 
Stock or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These 
restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under 
such circumstances, in such installments, upon the satisfaction of 
performance goals or otherwise, as the Committee determines at the time of 
the grant of the Award or thereafter. Shares of Unrestricted Stock, the 
grant of which are subject to Section 3.5, are Shares not otherwise subject 
to conditions on grant, vesting, or transferability. Performance Shares 
are Shares of Restricted Stock, the vesting of which is subject to the 
attainment of Performance Goals. Any certificate issued in respect of 
Shares of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock shall be registered in the 
name of the applicable

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Participant and, in the case of Restricted Stock, shall bear an appropriate 
legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to 
such Award, substantially in the following form:

The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock 
represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including 
forfeiture) of the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan and 
an Award Certificate. Copies of such Plan and Certificate are on file at 
the offices of Assurant, Inc., 28 Liberty Street, 41st Floor, New York, New 
York 10005.

The Committee may require that the certificates evidencing such shares be 
held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have 
lapsed and that, as a condition of any Award of Restricted Stock, the 
applicable Participant shall have delivered a stock power, endorsed in 
blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award.

6.2. Terms and Conditions. Shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to 
the following terms and conditions:

(a) The Committee shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (i) 
the vesting or transferability of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the 
continued service of the applicable Participant or (ii) the grant, vesting, 
or transferability of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of 
Performance Goals, or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued 
service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee 
conditions the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the 
attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable 
Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, designate 
such an Award as a Qualified Performance-Based Award. The conditions for 
grant, vesting, or transferability and the other provisions of Restricted 
Stock Awards (including without limitation any Performance Goals applicable 
to Performance Shares) need not be the same with respect to each 
Participant.

(b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award 
Certificate, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing 
with the date of such Restricted Stock Award for which such vesting 
restrictions apply and until the expiration of such vesting restrictions 
(the Restriction Period), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, 
assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber Shares of Restricted Stock.

(c) If any applicable Performance Goals are satisfied and the Restriction 
Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Shares of Restricted Stock 
for which legended certificates have been issued, either (i) unlegended 
certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the Participant upon 
surrender of the legended certificates, or (ii) such Shares shall be 
evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including 
book-entry registration.

6.3. Rights of Stockholders. Except as provided in the applicable Award 
Certificate, the applicable Participant shall have, with respect to Shares 
of Restricted Stock and Unrestricted Stock, all of the rights of a 
stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that 
is the subject of the Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock, including, if 
applicable, the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any 
dividends and other distributions.


SECTION 7. Restricted Stock Units (Including Performance Units).

7.1. Nature of Award. Restricted Stock Units are Awards denominated in 
Shares that will be settled, subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Restricted Stock Units, (a) in cash, based upon the Fair Market Value of a 
specified number of Shares, (b) in Shares, or (c) a combination thereof. 
Performance Units are Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of which is 
subject to the attainment of Performance Goals.

7.2. Terms and Conditions. Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the 
following terms and conditions:

(a) The Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (i) the 
grant, vesting, or transferability of Restricted Stock Units upon the 
continued service of the applicable Participant or (ii) the grant, vesting, 
or transferability of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of 
Performance Goals, or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued 
service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee 
grants Performance Units or conditions the grant or vesting of Restricted 
Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued 
service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the time of grant, designate such Performance Units or Restricted Stock 
Units as a Qualified Performance-Based Awards. The conditions for grant, 
vesting or transferability and the other provisions of Restricted Stock 
Units (including without limitation any Performance Goals applicable to 
Performance Units) need not be the same with respect to each Participant. 
An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as and when the 
Restricted Stock Units vest or at a later time specified by the Committee 
or in accordance with an election of the Participant, if the Committee so 
permits.

(b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award 
Certificate, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing 
with the date of such Restricted Stock Units for which such vesting 
restrictions apply and until the expiration of such vesting restrictions 
(the Restriction Period), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, 
assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber Restricted Stock Units.

(c) The Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units may specify whether, 
to what extent, and on what terms and conditions the applicable Participant 
shall be entitled to receive current or deferred payments of cash, Shares, 
or other property corresponding to the dividends payable on the Companys 
Stock (subject to Section 13.5 below).


SECTION 8. Dividend Equivalents.

8.1. Nature of Award. The Committee is authorized to grant Dividend 
Equivalents with respect to Full-Value Awards granted hereunder, subject to 
such terms and conditions as the may be selected by the Committee. Dividend 
Equivalents shall entitle the Participant to receive payments having a 
value equal to the dividends that would be payable with respect to all or a 
portion of the number of Shares subject to a Full-Value Award, as 
determined by the Committee.

8.2. Terms and Conditions. Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to such 
terms and conditions as may be determined by the Committee. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Dividend Equivalents may be made 
subject to vesting conditions that are the same as, or different from the 
vesting conditions of the other Award to which they relate; may be payable 
in cash, Shares or other property or any combination thereof; and may be 
payable at the same time as the related actual dividends are paid to 
stockholders, or deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or 
otherwise deferred (subject to compliance with the requirements of Section 
409A of the Code).


SECTION 9. Change of Control Provisions.

9.1. Impact of Event. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award 
Certificate, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the 
contrary, upon a Change of Control (as defined below):

(a) Awards Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity. With respect to 
Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or 
substituted in connection with a Change in Control: if within two years 
after the effective date of the Change in Control, a Participants 
employment is terminated without Cause or the Participant resigns for Good 
Reason, then (i) all of that Participants outstanding Options, SARs and 
other Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become 
fully exercisable, (ii) all time-based vesting restrictions on his or her 
outstanding Awards shall lapse, and (iii) the payout level under all of 
that Participants performance-based Awards that were outstanding 
immediately prior to effective time of the Change in Control shall be 
determined and deemed to have been earned as of the date of termination 
based upon the greater of: (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant 
performance goals at the target level pro-rated based upon the length of 
time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the 
termination of employment date, or (B) the actual level of achievement of 
all relevant performance goals (measured as of the latest date immediately 
preceding the date of termination for which performance can, as a practical 
matter, be determined), and, in either such case, there shall be a payout 
to such Participant within sixty (60) days following the termination of 
employment date (unless a later date is required by Section 13.23 hereof). 
With regard to each Award, a Participant shall not be considered to have 
resigned for Good Reason unless either (i) the Award Certificate includes 
such provision or (ii) the Participant is party to an employment, severance 
or similar agreement with the Company or an Affiliate that includes 
provisions in which the Participant is permitted to resign for Good Reason. 
Any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other 
provisions of the Plan and the Award Certificate. To the extent that this 
provision

------------------------------------------------------------------------
causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in 
Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed to be Nonqualified 
Options.

(b) Awards not Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity. Upon the 
occurrence of a Change in Control, and except with respect to any Awards 
assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or 
substituted in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved 
by the Committee or the Board: (i) outstanding Options, SARs, and other 
Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become fully 
exercisable, (ii) time-based vesting restrictions on outstanding Awards 
shall lapse, and (iii) the target payout opportunities attainable under 
outstanding performance-based Awards shall be deemed to have been fully 
earned as of the effective date of the Change in Control based upon the 
greater of: (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at 
the target level pro-rated based upon the length of time within the 
performance period that has elapsed prior to the Change in Control, or (B) 
the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals (measured 
as of the latest date immediately preceding the Change in Control for which 
performance can, as a practical matter, be determined), and, in either such 
case, there shall be a payout to Participants within sixty (60) days 
following the Change in Control (unless a later date is required by Section 
13.23 hereof). Any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance 
with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Certificate. To the 
extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the 
dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options 
shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Stock Options.

9.2. Definition of Change of Control. For purposes of the Plan, a Change 
of Control shall mean any of the following events:

(a) Individuals who, on the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the 
Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at least a 
majority of the Board; provided that any person becoming a director and 
whose election or nomination for election is approved by a vote of at least 
a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board shall be an 
Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no individual initially elected 
or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or 
threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of 
directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents 
by or on behalf of any person as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Act (a 
Person), other than the Board, including by reason of any agreement, shall 
be deemed an Incumbent Director;

(b) Any person is or becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 
either (i) 30% or more of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of 
the Company or (ii) securities representing 30% or more of the combined 
voting power of the Companys then-outstanding securities eligible to vote 
for the election of directors (Company Voting Securities); provided, 
however, that for purposes of this subsection (b), the following 
acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (1) an acquisition 
directly from the Company or any Subsidiary; (2) an acquisition by the 
Company or a Subsidiary; (3) an acquisition by a Person who is on the 
Effective Date the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more 
of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or 50% or more of 
the combined voting power of the Companys outstanding securities eligible 
to vote for the election of directors; (4) an acquisition by any employee 
benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or 
any Subsidiary; or (5) an acquisition pursuant to a transaction that 
complies with Sections 9.2(c)(i), 9.2(c)(ii), and 9.2(c)(iii) below;

(c) The consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory 
share exchange or similar corporate transaction involving the Company or a 
Subsidiary, the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of 
the Companys assets, or the acquisition of assets or stock of another 
corporation (a Transaction), unless immediately following the 
Transaction: (i) all or substantially all of the individuals who were 
Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the outstanding shares of common stock 
of the Company and outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election 
of directors immediately prior to the Transaction beneficially own, 
directly or indirectly, more than 60% of, respectively, the outstanding 
shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the outstanding 
securities entitled to vote in the election of directors of the corporation 
resulting from the Transaction (the Surviving Entity), in substantially 
the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to the 
Transaction, of the outstanding common stock of the Company and the 
outstanding securities eligible to vote in the election of directors of the 
Company; (ii) no Person (other than the Company, a Subsidiary, the 
Surviving Entity, or any employee benefit plan or related trust sponsored 
or maintained by the foregoing) is or becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly 
or indirectly, of 30% or more of the outstanding common stock or 30% or 
more of the total voting power of the outstanding securities eligible to 
vote for the election of directors of the Surviving Entity; and (iii) at 
least a majority of the

------------------------------------------------------------------------
members of the board of the Surviving Entity were Incumbent Directors at 
the time of the Boards approval of the execution of the initial agreement 
providing for the Transaction; or

(d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation 
or dissolution of the Company.


SECTION 10. Qualified Performance-Based Awards.

10.1. Qualified Performance-Based Awards. The provisions of this Plan are 
intended to ensure that all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted 
hereunder to any Participant who is or may be a covered employee (within 
the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code) in the tax year in which such 
Option or Stock Appreciation Right is expected to be deductible to the 
Company qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, and all such Awards shall 
therefore be considered Qualified Performance-Based Awards and this Plan 
shall be interpreted and operated consistent with that intention. When 
granting any Award other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the 
Committee may designate such Award as a Qualified Performance-Based Award, 
based upon a determination that (a) the recipient is or may be a covered 
employee (within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code) with 
respect to such Award, and (b) the Committee wishes such Award to qualify 
for the Section 162(m) Exemption, and the terms of any such Award (and of 
the grant thereof) shall be consistent with such designation. Within 90 
days after the commencement of a Performance Period or, if earlier, by the 
expiration of 25% of a Performance Period, the Committee will designate one 
or more Performance Periods, determine the Participants for the Performance 
Periods, and establish the Performance Goals for the Performance Periods.

10.2. Performance Goals and Other Conditions. Each Qualified 
Performance-Based Award (other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right) 
shall be earned, vested, and/or payable (as applicable) upon the 
achievement of one or more Performance Goals, together with the 
satisfaction of any other conditions, such as continued employment, as the 
Committee may determine to be appropriate. Moreover, no Qualified 
Performance-Based Award may be amended, nor may the Committee exercise any 
discretionary authority it may otherwise have under this Plan with respect 
to a Qualified Performance-Based Award under this Plan, in any manner that 
would cause the Qualified Performance-Based Award to cease to qualify for 
the Section 162(m) Exemption; provided, however, that (i) the Committee may 
provide, either in connection with the grant of the applicable Award or by 
amendment thereafter, that achievement of such Performance Goals will be 
waived upon the death or Disability of the Participant (or under any other 
circumstance with respect to which the existence of such possible waiver 
will not cause the Award to fail to qualify for the Section 162(m) 
Exemption), and (ii) the provisions of Section 9 shall apply 
notwithstanding this Section 10.2.

10.3. Inclusions and Exclusions from Performance Goals. The Committee may 
provide in any Qualified Performance-Based Award, at the time the 
Performance Goals are established, that any evaluation of performance shall 
exclude or otherwise objectively adjust for any specified circumstance or 
event that occurs during a performance period, including by way of example 
but without limitation the following: (a) asset write-downs or impairment 
charges; (b) litigation or claim judgments or settlements; (c) the effect 
of changes in tax laws, accounting principles or other laws or provisions 
affecting reported results; (d) accruals for reorganization and 
restructuring programs; (e) extraordinary nonrecurring items as described 
in then-current accounting principles; (f) extraordinary nonrecurring items 
as described in managements discussion and analysis of financial condition 
and results of operations appearing in the Companys annual report to 
stockholders for the applicable year; (g) acquisitions or divestitures; and 
(h) foreign exchange gains and losses. To the extent such inclusions or 
exclusions affect Awards to Covered Employees, they shall be prescribed in 
a form that meets the requirements of Code Section 162(m) for 
deductibility.

10.4. Certification of Performance Goals. Any payment of a Qualified 
Performance-Based Award granted with Performance Goals pursuant to this 
Section 10 shall be conditioned on the written certification of the 
Committee in each case that the applicable Performance Goals and any other 
material conditions were satisfied. Except as specifically provided in 
Section 10.2, no Qualified Performance-Based Award held by a Covered 
Employee or by an employee who in the reasonable judgment of the Committee 
may be a Covered Employee on the date of payment, may be amended, nor may 
the Committee exercise any discretionary authority it may otherwise have 
under the Plan with respect to a Qualified Performance-Based Award under 
the Plan, in any manner to waive the achievement of the applicable 
Performance Goal based on Performance Goals or to increase the amount 
payable

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pursuant thereto or the value thereof, or otherwise in a manner that would 
cause the Qualified Performance-Based Award to cease to qualify for the 
Section 162(m) Exemption.

10.5. Award Limits. Section 3.4 sets forth (i) the maximum number of Shares 
that may be granted in any one-year period to a Participant in designated 
forms of stock-based Awards, and (ii) the maximum aggregate dollar amount 
that may be paid with respect to cash-based Awards under the Plan to any 
one Participant in any fiscal year of the Company.


SECTION 11. Term, Amendment, and Termination.

11.1. Effectiveness. The Plan is effective as of May 11, 2017 (the 
Effective Date), which is the date the Plan was approved by the Companys 
stockholders.

11.2. Termination. Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, the Plan 
will terminate on the 10th anniversary of the Effective Date or, if the 
stockholders approve an amendment to the Plan that increases the number of 
Shares subject to the Plan, the tenth anniversary of the date of such 
approval. Awards outstanding as of such date hall not be affected or 
impaired by the termination of the Plan.

11.3. Amendment of Plan. The Board or the Committee may amend, alter, or 
discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration, or discontinuation 
shall be made which would materially impair the rights of any Participant 
with respect to a previously granted Award without such Participants 
consent, except such an amendment made to comply with applicable law, 
including, without limitation, Section 409A of the Code, stock exchange 
rules, or accounting rules. In addition, no such amendment shall be made 
without the approval of the Companys stockholders (a) to the extent that 
such approval is required (i) by applicable law or by the listing standards 
of the Applicable Exchange as in effect as of the Effective Date or (ii) by 
applicable law or under the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange as 
may be required after the Effective Date, (b) to the extent that such 
amendment would materially increase the benefits accruing to Participants 
under the Plan, (c) to the extent that such amendment would materially 
increase the number of securities which may be issued under the Plan, or 
(d) to the extent that such amendment would materially modify the 
requirements for participation in the Plan.

11.4. Amendment of Awards. Subject to Section 5.12, the Committee may 
unilaterally amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, but no such 
amendment shall cause a Qualified Performance-Based Award to cease to 
qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, nor shall any such amendment, 
without the Participants consent, materially impair the rights of any 
Participant with respect to an Award, except such an amendment made to 
cause the Plan or Award to comply with applicable law, stock exchange 
rules, or accounting rules.


SECTION 12. Unfunded Status of Plan.

12.1. Unfunded Status; Committee Authority. It is presently intended that 
the Plan will constitute an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred 
compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other 
arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver 
Shares or make payments; provided, however, that unless the Committee 
otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is 
consistent with the unfunded status of the Plan.


SECTION 13. General Provisions.

13.1. Conditions for Issuance. The Committee may require each person 
purchasing or receiving Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and 
agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares 
without a view to the distribution thereof. The certificates for such 
Shares may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to 
reflect any restrictions on transfer. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Plan or agreements made pursuant thereto, the Company shall not be 
required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares 
under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (i) 
listing or approval for listing upon notice of issuance of such Shares on 
the Applicable Exchange, (ii) any registration or other qualification of 
such Shares of the Company under any state or federal law or regulation, or 
the maintaining in effect of any such registration or other qualification 
which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion upon the advice of 
counsel, deem necessary or advisable, and (iii) obtaining any other 
consent, approval, or permit from any state or federal governmental agency 
which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion after receiving the 
advice of counsel, determine to be necessary or advisable.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.2. Additional Compensation Arrangements. Nothing contained in the Plan 
shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate from adopting 
other or additional compensation arrangements for its employees.

13.3. No Contract of Employment. The Plan shall not constitute a contract 
of employment, and adoption of the Plan shall not confer upon any employee 
any right to continued employment, nor shall it interfere in any way with 
the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate the 
employment of any employee at any time.

13.4. Required Taxes. No later than the date as of which an amount first 
becomes includible in the gross income of a Participant for federal, state, 
local, or foreign income or employment or other tax purposes with respect 
to any Award under the Plan, such Participant shall pay to the Company, or 
make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any 
federal, state, local, or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be 
withheld with respect to such amount. Unless otherwise determined by the 
Company, withholding obligations may be settled with Shares, including 
Shares that are part of the Award that gives rise to the withholding 
requirement, having a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding equal to 
the amount required to be withheld for tax purposes, all in accordance with 
such procedures as the Committee establishes. The obligations of the 
Company under the Plan shall be conditioned on such payment or 
arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the extent 
permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment 
otherwise due to such Participant. The Committee may establish such 
procedures as it deems appropriate, including making irrevocable elections, 
for the settlement of withholding obligations with Common Stock.

13.5. Limit on Dividend Reinvestment and Dividend Equivalents. 
Reinvestment of dividends in additional Restricted Stock Units to be 
settled in Shares, and the payment of Shares with respect to dividends to 
Participants holding Awards of Restricted Stock Units, shall only be 
permissible if sufficient Shares are available under Section 3 for such 
reinvestment or payment (taking into account then outstanding Awards). In 
the event that sufficient Shares are not available for such reinvestment or 
payment, such reinvestment or payment shall be made in the form of a grant 
of Restricted Stock Units equal in number to the Restricted Stock Units or 
Shares that would have been obtained by such payment or reinvestment, the 
terms of which Restricted Stock Units shall provide for settlement in cash 
and for dividend equivalent reinvestment in further Restricted Stock Units 
on the terms contemplated by this Section 13.5.

13.6. Written Materials; Electronic Documents. Electronic documents may be 
substituted for any written materials required by the terms of the Plan, 
including, without limitation, Award Certificates.

13.7. Designation of Death Beneficiary. The Committee shall establish such 
procedures as it deems appropriate for a Participant to designate a 
beneficiary to whom any amounts payable in the event of such Participants 
death are to be paid or by whom any rights of such Participant after such 
Participants death may be exercised. If no beneficiary designation is in 
effect for a Participant at the time or his or her death, any such amounts 
shall be paid to, and any such rights may be exercised by, the estate of 
the Participant.

13.8. Subsidiary Employees. In the case of a grant of an Award to any 
employee of a Subsidiary of the Company, the Company may, if the Committee 
so directs, issue or transfer the Shares, if any, covered by the Award to 
the Subsidiary, for such lawful consideration as the Committee may specify, 
upon the condition or understanding that the Subsidiary will transfer the 
Shares to the employee in accordance with the terms of the Award specified 
by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. All Shares 
underlying Awards that are forfeited or canceled shall revert to the 
Company.

13.9. Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken 
thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of 
laws.

13.10. Non-Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in Section 5.9 or 
by the Committee, Awards under the Plan are not transferable except by will 
or by laws of descent and distribution.

13.11. Foreign Employees and Foreign Law Considerations. The Committee may 
grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are foreign nationals, who are 
located outside the United States, or who are not compensated from a 
payroll maintained in the United States, or who are otherwise subject to 
(or could cause the

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company to be subject to) legal or regulatory provisions of countries or 
jurisdictions outside the United States, on such terms and conditions 
different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the 
Committee, be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of 
the purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the 
Committee may make such modifications, amendments, procedures, or subplans 
as may be necessary or advisable to comply with such legal or regulatory 
provisions.

13.12. No Rights to Awards; Non-Uniform Determinations. No Participant or 
Eligible Individual shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the 
Plan. The Company, its Affiliates, or the Committee shall not be obligated 
to treat Participants or Eligible Individuals uniformly, and determinations 
made under the Plan may be made by the Committee selectively among 
Participants and/or Eligible Individuals, whether or not such Participants 
and Eligible Individuals are similarly situated.

13.13. Indemnification. To the extent allowable under applicable law, each 
member of the Committee shall be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Company from any loss, cost, liability, or expense (including, but not 
limited to, attorneys fees) that may be imposed upon or reasonably 
incurred by such member in connection with or resulting from any claim, 
action, suit, or proceeding to which such member may be a party or in which 
he or she may be involved by reason of any action or failure to act under 
the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by such member in 
satisfaction of judgment in such action, suit, or proceeding against him or 
her, provided he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own 
expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to 
handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of 
indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of 
indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Companys 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, 
or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them 
harmless.

13.14. Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be 
taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, 
retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare, or benefit 
plan of the Company or any Affiliate unless provided otherwise in such 
plan.

13.15. Expenses. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by 
the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

13.16. Titles and Headings. The titles and headings of the Sections in the 
Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any 
conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall 
control.

13.17. Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued, and the 
Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether cash shall be 
given in lieu of fractional Shares or, subject to Section 3, whether such 
fractional Shares shall be eliminated by rounding up or down.

13.18. Government and Other Regulations. Notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Plan:

(a) No Participant who acquires Shares pursuant to the Plan may, during any 
period of time that such Participant is an affiliate of the Company (within 
the meaning of regulations promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act of 
1933 (the 1933 Act)), offer or sell such Shares, unless such offer and 
sale are made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
1933 Act, which is current and includes the Shares to be sold, or (ii) 
pursuant to an appropriate exemption from the registration requirements of 
the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 
Act.

(b) If at any time the Committee shall determine that the registration, 
listing, or qualification of the Shares covered by an Award upon the 
Applicable Exchange or under any foreign, federal, state, or local law or 
practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, 
is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the 
granting of such Award or the purchase or receipt of Shares thereunder, no 
Shares may be purchased, delivered, or received pursuant to such Award 
unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent, or 
approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any condition not 
acceptable to the Committee. Any Participant receiving or purchasing Shares 
pursuant to an Award shall make such representations and agreements and 
furnish such information as the Committee may request to assure compliance 
with the foregoing or any other applicable legal requirements. The Company 
shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates 
for Shares under the Plan prior to the Committees determination that all 
related requirements have been fulfilled. The Company shall in no event be

------------------------------------------------------------------------
obligated to register any securities pursuant to the 1933 Act or applicable 
state or foreign law, or to take any other action in order to cause the 
issuance and delivery of such certificates to comply with any such law, 
regulation, or requirement.

13.19. Additional Provisions. Each Award Certificate may contain such other 
terms and conditions as the Committee may determine; provided, that such 
other terms and conditions are not inconsistent with the provisions of the 
Plan.

13.20. No Limitations on Rights of the Company. The grant of any Award 
shall not in any way affect the right or power of the Company to make 
adjustments, reclassifications, or changes in its capital or business 
structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell, or transfer 
all or any part of its business or assets. The Plan shall not restrict the 
authority of the Company, for proper corporate purposes, to draft, grant, 
or assume Awards, other than under the Plan, with respect to any person.

13.21. Blackout Periods. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan 
or any Award to the contrary, the Company shall have the authority to 
establish any blackout period that the Company deems necessary or 
advisable with respect to any or all Awards.

13.22 Recoupment Policy. The Company has established a Recoupment Policy 
with respect to excess incentive-based compensation provided to current and 
former executive officers (as defined in the Recoupment Policy) of the 
Company. All performance-based Awards granted under this Plan on or after 
January 1, 2012 and held by any such person are subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Recoupment Policy, and, as a condition of participation 
in this Plan, each such person is deemed to have agreed to the terms of the 
Recoupment Policy. The terms of the Recoupment Policy are incorporated into 
this Plan by reference.

13.23. Special Provisions Relating to Section 409A of the Code.

(a) General. It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under 
the Plan and any Award shall either be exempt from the application of, or 
comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and all 
Award Certificates shall be construed in a manner that effects such intent. 
Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Plan or 
any Award is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its 
Affiliates nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers 
(other than in his or her capacity as a Participant) shall be held liable 
for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by any 
Participant or other taxpayer as a result of the Plan or any Award.

(b) Definitional Restrictions. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in 
any Award Certificate to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or 
benefit that would constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for 
purposes of Section 409A of the Code (Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation) 
would otherwise be payable or distributable, or a different form of payment 
(e.g., lump sum or installment) of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation 
would be effected, under the Plan or any Award Certificate by reason of the 
occurrence of a Change in Control, or the Participants Disability or 
separation from service, such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation will not be 
payable or distributable to the Participant, and/or such different form of 
payment will not be effected, by reason of such circumstance unless the 
circumstances giving rise to such Change in Control, Disability or 
separation from service meet any description or definition of change in 
control event, disability or separation from service, as the case may 
be, in Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations (without giving 
effect to any elective provisions that may be available under such 
definition). This provision does not affect the dollar amount or prohibit 
the vesting of any Award upon a Change in Control, Disability or separation 
from service, however defined. If this provision prevents the payment or 
distribution of any amount or benefit, or the application of a different 
form of payment of any amount or benefit, such payment or distribution 
shall be made at the time and in the form that would have applied absent 
the non-409A-conforming event.

(c) Allocation among Possible Exemptions. If any one or more Awards granted 
under the Plan to a Participant could qualify for any separation pay 
exemption described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9), but such Awards 
in the aggregate exceed the dollar limit permitted for the separation pay 
exemptions, the Company shall determine which Awards or portions thereof 
will be subject to such exemptions.

(d) Six-Month Delay in Certain Circumstances. Notwithstanding anything in 
the Plan or in any Award Certificate to the contrary, if any amount or 
benefit that would constitute Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation

------------------------------------------------------------------------
would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Plan or any Award 
Certificate by reason of a Participants separation from service during a 
period in which the Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined below), 
then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by the Committee 
under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), 
(j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment 
taxes):

(i) the amount of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation that would 
otherwise be payable during the six-month period immediately following the 
Participants separation from service will be accumulated through and paid 
or provided on the first day of the seventh month following the 
Participants separation from service (or, if the Participant dies during 
such period, within 30 days after the Participants death) (in either case, 
the Required Delay Period); and

(ii) the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments 
or distributions will resume at the end of the Required Delay Period.

For purposes of this Plan, the term Specified Employee has the meaning 
given such term in Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder; 
provided, however, that, as permitted in such final regulations, the 
Companys Specified Employees and its application of the six-month delay 
rule of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) shall be determined in accordance 
with rules adopted by the Board or any committee of the Board, which shall 
be applied consistently with respect to all nonqualified deferred 
compensation arrangements of the Company, including this Plan.

(e) Installment Payments. If, pursuant to an Award, a Participant is 
entitled to a series of installment payments, such Participants right to 
the series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series 
of separate payments and not to a single payment. For purposes of the 
preceding sentence, the term series of installment payments has the 
meaning provided in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii) (or any 
successor thereto).

(f) Timing of Release of Claims. Whenever an Award conditions a payment or 
benefit on the Participants execution and non-revocation of a release of 
claims, such release must be executed and all revocation periods shall have 
expired within 60 days after the date of termination of the Participants 
employment; failing which such payment or benefit shall be forfeited. If 
such payment or benefit is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, the 
Company may elect to make or commence payment at any time during such 
60-day period. If such payment or benefit constitutes Non-Exempt Deferred 
Compensation, then, subject to subsection (d) above, (i) if such 60-day 
period begins and ends in a single calendar year, the Company may make or 
commence payment at any time during such period at its discretion, and (ii) 
if such 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in the next 
calendar year, the payment shall be made or commence during the second such 
calendar year (or any later date specified for such payment under the 
applicable Award), even if such signing and non-revocation of the release 
occur during the first such calendar year included within such 60-day 
period. In other words, a Participant is not permitted to influence the 
calendar year of payment based on the timing of signing the release.

(g) Permitted Acceleration. The Company shall have the sole authority to 
make any accelerated distribution permissible under Treas. Reg. Section 
1.409A-3(j)(4) to Participants of deferred amounts, provided that such 
distribution(s) meets the requirements of Treas. Reg. Section 
1.409A-3(j)(4).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The foregoing is hereby acknowledged as being the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long 
Term Equity Incentive Plan as adopted by the Board on March 10, 2017 and by 
the stockholders on May 11, 2017.
 
 ASSURANT, INC.
 By:
  	
/s/ Robyn Price Stonehill
 Name:
  	Robyn Price Stonehill
 Title:
  	Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Office