 EX-10.1 2 d335050dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

REFINANCING AMENDMENT

REFINANCING AMENDMENT, dated as of February 10, 2017 (this Agreement), by 
and among SANDRIDGE ENERGY, INC. (the Borrower), ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as 
administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), each 
Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined below) party hereto 
(together with each other Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement, the 
Existing Lenders), each Person party hereto providing an Additional 
Commitment (as defined below) (including, if any, each Existing Lender in 
its capacity as such, a New Lender and, together with each other Existing 
Lender party hereto, the Participating Lenders) and each other Loan Party 
party hereto.


RECITALS:

WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of 
October 4, 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Refinancing Effective 
Date (as defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement), among the 
Borrower, the lenders or other financial institutions or entities from time 
to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent (capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein having the meaning provided in the Existing Credit 
Agreement), pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Borrower with 
Commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $425,000,000 (the 
Existing Commitments);

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders consent to certain 
amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement including, inter alia, an 
increase of the Commitments to an aggregate principal amount of 
$600,000,000 and thereby refinance the Existing Credit Agreement, which 
amendments shall be effected by (i) certain of the Participating Lenders 
providing additional Commitments in an aggregate principal amount of 
$175,000,000 (the Additional Commitments) and (ii) the exchange of the 
Existing Commitments and the Additional Commitments and, in each case, the 
Loans outstanding thereunder on the Refinancing Effective Date (the 
Existing Loans) for an equal aggregate principal amount of Commitments (as 
defined in the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Agreement (the 
Credit Agreement)) (the Refinancing Commitments) and Loans (as defined 
in the Credit Agreement) (the Refinancing Loans);

WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Pledge and Security Agreement, 
dated as of October 4, 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the 
Refinancing Effective Date (as defined below), the Security Agreement), 
among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto as grantors and 
the Administrative Agent; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions 
and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1. 	
New Lenders. Each New Lender (i) confirms that it has received a copy of 
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the exhibits and 
schedules thereto, together with copies of the financial statements 
referred to therein and such other documents and information as it has 
deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter 
into this Agreement; (ii) agrees that it will, subject to the occurrence of 
the Refinancing Effective Date, independently and without reliance upon the 
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and 
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, make its own credit 
decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents; (iii) subject to the occurrence of the Refinancing 
Effective Date, appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take 
such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the 
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the 
Administrative
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably 
incidental thereto; and (iv) subject to the occurrence of the Refinancing 
Effective Date, agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms 
all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender, as the 
case may be.
 
2. 	Amendments. Subject to the occurrence of the Refinancing Effective 
Date:
 
  	(a) 	Each Person party hereto as a New Lender (including, to the extent 
applicable, any Existing Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement as in 
effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement, in its 
capacity as a New Lender) hereby agrees to provide the Additional 
Commitments set forth opposite its name on Annex I hereto and, in 
connection with the foregoing:

(i) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) the Additional 
Commitments provided pursuant to this Agreement as specified in Annex I 
attached hereto shall constitute a Commitment under, and as defined in, the 
Credit Agreement, (2) the Additional Commitments are (A) subject to the 
same terms and conditions as the Commitments, (B) guaranteed by the 
Guarantors and (C) secured on an equal priority basis by the same 
Collateral securing, in each case, the existing Commitments under the 
Existing Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the 
effectiveness of this Agreement, and (3) the New Lenders specified in Annex 
I attached hereto shall constitute Lenders under, and as defined in, the 
Credit Agreement.

(ii) (1) Each Existing Lender will automatically and without further act be 
deemed to have assigned to each New Lender in respect of the Additional 
Commitments, and each such New Lender will automatically and without 
further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Existing Lenders 
participations under the Loan Documents in outstanding Letters of Credit 
such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and 
assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding 
participations under the Loan Documents in Letters of Credit held by such 
New Lender in respect of its Additional Commitments will equal the 
percentage of the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders represented by such 
New Lenders Additional Commitment (with such existing participation in 
such Letters of Credits by Existing Lenders to be assigned on a pro rata 
basis to such New Lenders determined on a Letter of Credit by Letter of 
Credit basis) and (2) if, on such date, there are any Loans outstanding, 
each of the Existing Lenders shall be deemed to assign to each of the New 
Lenders, and each of the New Lenders shall purchase from each of the 
Existing Lenders, at par, such interests in the Loans outstanding on such 
date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such 
assignments and purchases, the percentage of the aggregate Loans held by 
each New Lender in respect of its Additional Commitment will equal the 
percentage of the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders represented by such 
New Lenders Additional Commitment (with such assignments to be made on a 
pro rata basis to such New Lenders determined on a Loan by Loan basis) and, 
in connection with the foregoing clauses (1) and (2) the Existing Lenders 
and the New Lenders will make adjustments among themselves, and payments to 
each other as needed, with respect to participations under the Loan 
Documents in outstanding Letters of Credit, outstanding Loans and interest, 
commitment fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as 
shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to 
effect the foregoing; provided that regularly accruing interest and fees 
through the Refinancing Effective Date (as well as amounts owing to any 
Lender pursuant to Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05 or 10.04 of the 
Existing Credit Agreement or similar provisions pursuant to the other Loan 
Documents) shall be retained by the respective Lenders to which such 
amounts were owing and shall not be subject to the assignments sold and 
purchased as otherwise required hereby.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	(w) The Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, (x) Schedule 2.01 of the Existing 
Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in the form attached hereto 
as Exhibit B and (y) the Security Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
 
  	(1) 	The third parenthetical in Section 2(c) of the Security Agreement 
is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: (including 
interests in any Royalty Trust, payment intangibles, Swap Contracts and 
rights as administrative agent or other agent under any loan agreements 
relating to Pledged Debt (as defined below));
 
  	(2) 	The first parenthetical in Section 2(g)(iv) of the Security 
Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
(including all (A) Securities, whether Certificated Securities or 
Uncertificated Securities, (B) Security Entitlements, (C) Securities 
Accounts, (D) Commodity Contracts, (E) Commodity Accounts and (F) all 
interests in any Royalty Trust);
 
  	(3) 	Section 2 of the Security Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following new sentence thereto immediately prior to the last sentence 
thereof Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in 
any other Loan Document, in no event shall any interests in any Royalty 
Trust constitute Excluded Personal Property.; and.
 
  	(1) 	Section 5(i) of the Security Agreement is hereby amended and 
restated in its entirety as follows: Prior to the occurrence of an Event 
of Default, clauses (a) through (e) above shall not be applicable to any 
Collateral except (i) Pledged Equity constituting certificated securities 
and (ii) at the request of the Administrative Agent, interests in any 
Royalty Trust.;

and, in connection with the foregoing:

(i) The outstanding amount of Existing Commitments and Existing Loans of 
each Participating Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be 
deemed to be exchanged for an equal amount Refinancing Commitments and 
Refinancing Loans, respectively, under the Credit Agreement, having the 
terms and subject to the conditions of Commitments (as defined in the 
Credit Agreement) and Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Such 
exchange shall be effected by book entry in such manner, and with such 
supporting documentation, as may be reasonably determined by the 
Administrative Agent.

(ii) To the extent there exists any Existing Lender which is not a 
Participating Lender (a Non-Participating Lender), such 
Non-Participating Lenders shall be replaced (and the Existing Commitments 
and Existing Loans of such Non-Participating Lenders (the Reallocated 
Commitments and Reallocated Loans, respectively) shall be assumed) by 
one or more Participating Lenders pursuant to Section 10.13(iv) of the 
Credit Agreement as directed by the Administrative Agent.
 
3. 	Refinancing Effective Date Conditions. This Agreement will become 
effective on the date (the Refinancing Effective Date), on which each of 
the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived) in accordance with 
the terms therein:
 
  	(a) 	the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a 
counterpart of this Agreement from each of (i) the Borrower, (ii) the other 
Loan Parties, (iii) Existing Lenders constituting the Required Lenders and 
(iv) the New Lenders; provided that the Persons set forth in the foregoing 
clauses (iii) and (iv) shall include the Participating Lenders required to 
effectuate Section 2(b)(ii) of this Agreement;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	the Administrative Agent shall have received a duly authorized and 
executed certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party dated the 
Refinancing Effective Date, certifying (i) that attached thereto is a true 
and complete copy of each Organization Document of such Loan Party 
certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary 
of State of the state of its organization, (ii) that attached thereto is a 
true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by such Loan Party 
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and 
the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such resolutions have not 
been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect and 
(iii) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing 
Agreement or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf 
of such Loan Party (together with a certificate of another Responsible 
Officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the secretary or 
assistant secretary executing the certificate in this clause (b));
 
  	(c) 	the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate as to 
the good standing of each Loan Party (in so-called long-form (if 
available)) as of a recent date, from the applicable Secretary of State (or 
other applicable Governmental Authority) for the jurisdiction of each such 
Loan Partys incorporation or organization;
 
  	(d) 	the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated 
the Refinancing Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in 
Section 3(i), (j) and (k);
 
  	(e) 	the Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit F to the Existing Credit Agreement, 
dated the Refinancing Effective Date and signed by the chief financial 
officer of the Borrower;
 
  	(f) 	the Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself 
and the Lenders, customary written opinions of Kirkland & Ellis, LLP, 
counsel for the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the 
Participating Lenders and covering such matters relating to the Loan 
Parties, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the 
Administrative Agent shall reasonably request;
 
  	(g) 	the Administrative Agent and the Participating Lenders shall have 
received at least three Business Days prior to the Refinancing Effective 
Date, the documentation and information required under applicable know 
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including 
without limitation, the information required under Section 10.17 of the 
Existing Credit Agreement; provided that the Administrative Agent or any 
such Lender shall have requested such documentation and information at 
least seven days prior to the Refinancing Effective Date;
 
  	(h) 	
(i) the Administrative Agent shall have received (A) for the account of 
each Existing Lenders party hereto, a fee in an amount equal to 0.20% 
multiplied by such Existing Lenders Applicable Percentage of the Borrowing 
Base (in each case, after giving effect to this Agreement on the 
Refinancing Effective Date) and (B) for the account of each Participating 
Lender (other than any Participating Lender which does not provide an 
Additional Commitment or a Reallocated Commitment), a fee in an amount 
equal to 0.50% multiplied by the difference between (x) such Participating 
Lenders Applicable
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Percentage of the Borrowing Base after giving effect to this Agreement 
on the Refinancing Effective Date and (y) such Participating Lenders 
Applicable Percentage of the Borrowing Base immediately prior to the 
effectiveness of this Agreement and (ii) RBC Capital Markets, as the lead 
arranger (the Lead Arranger), shall have received all other amounts 
required to be paid on the Refinancing Effective Date pursuant to that 
certain letter agreement, dated as of February 10, 2017, among the Borrower 
and Royal Bank of Canada, including the reimbursement or payment of all 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees, disbursements and other 
charges required to be paid thereunder;
 
  	(i) 	each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each 
other Loan Party contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, 
or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in 
connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material 
respects (or if such representation or warranty is qualified by or subject 
to a materiality, material adverse effect, material adverse change or 
any similar term or qualification, such representation or warranty shall be 
true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Refinancing Effective 
Date (and immediately after giving effect to this Agreement), except to the 
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an 
earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct, in all material 
respects (or if such representation or warranty is qualified by or subject 
to a materiality, material adverse effect, material adverse change or 
any similar term or qualification, such representation or warranty shall be 
true and correct in all respects), as of such earlier date;
 
  	(j) 	at the time of, and immediately after giving effect to this 
Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing on such date; and
 
  	(k) 	at the time of, and immediately after giving effect to this 
Agreement, no Default or Event of Default (as such terms are defined in the 
indenture governing the Post-Restructuring Convertible Notes) shall have 
occurred and be continuing under the Post-Restructuring Convertible Notes.
 
4. 	Representations and Warranties. By its execution of this Agreement, 
each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that:
 
  	(a) 	such Loan Party has all requisite power and authority and all 
requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to 
execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement;
 
  	(b) 	the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this 
Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other 
organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of 
any of such Persons Organization Documents; (ii) conflict with or result 
in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or 
require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation that is 
material to the Loan Parties to which such Person is a party or (y) any 
order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any 
arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (iii) 
violate any Law;
 
  	(c) 	
no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or 
notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person 
is necessary or required in connection with (i) the execution, delivery or 
performance by, or enforcement against,
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 such Loan Party of this Agreement, (ii) the grant by any Loan Party of 
the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (iii) the 
perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral 
Documents (including the first-priority nature thereof) or (iv) the 
exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of their rights under 
the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to 
the Collateral Documents, except for (A) the authorizations, approvals, 
actions, notices and filings listed on Schedule 5.03 to the Credit 
Agreement, all of which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and 
are in full force and effect, (B) authorizations, approvals, actions, 
notices and filings in connection with the enforcement of pledges of, and 
the sale of, the Pledged Equity in connection therewith, (C) 
authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings required in 
connection with the additional mortgage and security interests required to 
be granted under this Agreement; (D) routine authorizations, approvals, 
actions, notices and filings in the ordinary course of business (e.g. tax 
filings, annual reports, environmental filings, etc.); (E) authorizations, 
approvals and consents necessary in connection with the Borrowers mineral 
class leases with the general land office of the State of Texas; (F) the 
periodic filing of continuation statements under the UCC, and (G) 
authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings the failure of 
which to obtain, take or make could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect;
 
  	(d) 	this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan 
Party;
 
  	(e) 	this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of 
such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its 
terms; and
 
  	(f) 	both immediately before and after giving effect to the Refinancing 
Effective Date, (i) each of the representations and warranties of the 
Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in any other Loan Document, or 
which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in 
connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material 
respects (or if such representation or warranty is qualified by or subject 
to a materiality, material adverse effect, material adverse change or 
any similar term or qualification, such representation or warranty shall be 
true and correct in all respects), except to the extent that such 
representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in 
which case they shall be true and correct, in all material respects (or if 
such representation or warranty is qualified by or subject to a 
materiality, material adverse effect, material adverse change or any 
similar term or qualification, such representation or warranty shall be 
true and correct in all respects), as of such earlier date and (ii) no 
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
 
5. 	Reaffirmation of the Loan Parties; Reference to and Effect on the 
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
  	(a) 	
Each Loan Party hereby consents to the amendment of the Existing Credit 
Agreement effected hereby and confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the 
effectiveness of this Agreement, each Loan Document to which such Loan 
Party is a party is, and the obligations of such Loan Party contained in 
the Credit Agreement, this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to which 
it is a party are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and 
are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, in each case as amended 
by this Agreement. For greater certainty and without limiting the 
foregoing, each Loan Party hereby confirms that the existing security 
interests granted by such Loan Party in favor of the Secured Parties 
pursuant to the Loan Documents in the Collateral described
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 therein shall continue to secure the obligations of the Loan Parties 
under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as and to the 
extent provided in the Loan Documents. Except as specifically amended by 
this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall 
remain in full force.
 
  	(b) 	The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement shall not 
constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any 
right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or Lender under, the 
Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.
 
  	(c) 	On and after the Refinancing Effective Date, each reference in the 
Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or 
words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference 
in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement, thereunder, 
thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall 
mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by this 
Agreement.
 
6. 	Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended, 
modified or waived except as permitted by Section 10.01 of the Credit 
Agreement.
 
7. 	Integration. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate 
letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Lead Arranger and/or 
the Administrative Agent or the syndication of the Additional Commitments 
constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject 
matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and 
understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
This Agreement shall not constitute a novation of any amount owing under 
the Existing Credit Agreement and all amounts owing in respect of 
principal, interest, fees and other amounts pursuant to the Existing Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, to the extent not paid or 
exchanged on or prior to the Refinancing Effective Date, shall continue to 
be owing under the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Documents until paid 
in accordance therewith.
 
8. 	GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
9. 	Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or 
impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith 
negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The 
invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate 
or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
10. 	
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by 
different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall 
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall 
constitute a single contract. The words execute, execution, signed, 
signature and words of like import in or related to any document to be 
signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated 
hereby (including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions, amendments 
or other modifications, Committed Loan Notices, waivers and consents) shall 
be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of 
assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved 
by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, 
each of which shall be of the same legal
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or 
the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the 
extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal 
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York 
State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state 
laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that 
notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the 
Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic 
signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it.
 
11. 	WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, 
TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, 
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS 
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL 
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.
 
12. 	Loan Document. On and after the Refinancing Effective Date, this 
Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents (it being understood that for the 
avoidance of doubt this Agreement may be amended or waived solely by the 
parties hereto as set forth in Section 6 above).

[Signature Pages Follow]
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized 
officer to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first set 
forth above.
 
SANDRIDGE ENERGY, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name:
Title:
  	
Julian Bott
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SANDRIDGE HOLDINGS, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name: 	  	Julian Bott
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and
  	Chief Financial Officer
SANDRIDGE EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and
  	Chief Financial Officer
SANDRIDGE MIDSTREAM, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and
  	Chief Financial Officer
SANDRIDGE OPERATING COMPANY
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and
  	Chief Financial Officer
LARIAT SERVICES, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and
  	Chief Financial Officer
INTEGRA ENERGY, L.L.C.
By: 	  	
/s/ Julian Bott
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and
  	Chief Financial Officer
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Administrative Agent
By: 	  	
/s/ Susan Khokher
Name: 	  	Susan Khokher
Title: 	  	Manager, Agency
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Don J. McKinnerney
Name: 	  	Don J. McKinnerney
Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Ronnie Glenn
Name: 	  	Ronnie Glenn
Title: 	  	Vice President
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING INC,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Michael King
Name: 	  	Michael King
Title: 	  	Vice President
MORGAN STANLEY BANK N.A.,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Michael King
Name: 	  	Michael King
Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Michael Higgins
Name: 	  	Michael Higgins
Title: 	  	Senior Director
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Scott Donaldson
Name: 	  	Scott Donaldson
Title: 	  	Senior Vice President

------------------------------------------------------------------------
GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Josh Rosenthal
Name: 	  	Josh Rosenthal
Title: 	  	Authorized Signatory
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Carlos Quinteros
Name: 	  	Carlos Quinteros
Title: 	  	Managing Director
By: 	  	
/s/ Brice Le Foyer
Name: 	  	Brice Le Foyer
Title: 	  	Director
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUNTRUST BANK,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ John Kovarik
Name: 	  	John Kovarik
Title: 	  	Vice President
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NEXTERA ENERGY MARKETING, LLC,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Palanchian
Name: 	  	Mark Palanchian
Title: 	  	Vice President & Managing Director
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Houssem Daly
Name: 	  	Houssem Daly
Title: 	  	Associate Director
By: 	  	
/s/ Craig Pearson
Name: 	  	Craig Pearson
Title: 	  	Associate Director
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED,
as a Participating Lender
By: 	  	
/s/ Byron den Hertog
Name: 	  	Byron den Hertog
Title: 	  	Division Director
By: 	  	
/s/ Nathan Booker
Name: 	  	Nathan Booker
Title: 	  	Division Director
 
[SandRidge  Refinancing Amendment]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annex I
to Refinancing Amendment
 
New Lender
   	Additional Commitment 	 
 Royal Bank of Canada
   	$ 	24,500,000 	  
 Barclays Bank PLC
   	$ 	24,500,000 	  
 UBS AG, Stamford Branch
   	$ 	19,250,000 	  
 SunTrust Bank
   	$ 	19,250,000 	  
 Natixis, New York Branch
   	$ 	19,250,000 	  
 Citizens Bank, N.A.
   	$ 	19,250,000 	  
 Capital One, National Association
   	$ 	19,250,000 	  
 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.
   	$ 	13,125,000 	  
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.
   	$ 	11,375,000 	  
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC
   	$ 	1,750,000 	  
 NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC
   	$ 	1,750,000 	  
 Macquarie Bank Limited
   	$ 	1,750,000 	  
   	
 
 
 
   Total:
   	$ 	175,000,000 	  
   	
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A to Refinancing Amendment
 
 
 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of February 10, 2017

among

SANDRIDGE ENERGY, INC.
as the Borrower,

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Administrative Agent

and

an L/C Issuer,

and

The Other Lenders Party Hereto
 
 
 

RBC CAPITAL MARKETS1,
as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager
 
 
1  	RBC Capital Markets is the global brand name of the corporate and 
investment banking business of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	  
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 	  
 Section 1.01
   	
 Defined Terms
   	  	1 	  
 Section 1.02
   	
 Other Interpretive Provisions
   	  	31 	  
 Section 1.03
   	
 Accounting Terms
   	  	32 	  
 Section 1.04
   	
 Petroleum Terms
   	  	32 	  
 Section 1.05
   	
 Rounding
   	  	33 	  
 Section 1.06
   	
 Times of Day
   	  	33 	  
 Section 1.07
   	
 Letter of Credit Amounts
   	  	33 	  
 Section 1.08
   	
 Available Amount Transactions
   	  	33 	  
 Section 1.09
   	
 Pro Forma Compliance Calculations
   	  	33 	  
ARTICLE II 	  
THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 	  
 Section 2.01
   	
 Committed Loans
   	  	33 	  
 Section 2.02
   	
 Committed Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans
   	  	33 	  
 Section 2.03
   	
 Letters of Credit
   	  	35 	  
 Section 2.04
   	
 [Reserved]
   	  	42 	  
 Section 2.05
   	
 Borrowing Base
   	  	42 	  
 Section 2.06
   	
 Prepayments
   	  	45 	  
 Section 2.07
   	
 Termination or Reduction of Commitments
   	  	46 	  
 Section 2.08
   	
 Repayment of Loans
   	  	47 	  
 Section 2.09
   	
 Interest
   	  	47 	  
 Section 2.10
   	
 Fees
   	  	48 	  
 Section 2.11
   	
 Computation of Interest and Fees
   	  	48 	  
 Section 2.12
   	
 Evidence of Debt
   	  	48 	  
 Section 2.13
   	
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback
   	  	49 	  
 Section 2.14
   	
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders
   	  	50 	  
 Section 2.15
   	
 Defaulting Lenders
   	  	51 	  
ARTICLE III 	  
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 	  
 Section 3.01
   	
 Taxes
   	  	53 	  
 Section 3.02
   	
 Illegality
   	  	55 	  
 Section 3.03
   	
 Inability to Determine Rates
   	  	56 	  
 Section 3.04
   	
 Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans
   	  	56 	  
 Section 3.05
   	
 Compensation for Losses
   	  	57 	  
 Section 3.06
   	
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
   	  	58 	  
 Section 3.07
   	
 Survival
   	  	58 	  
ARTICLE IV 	  
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 	  
 Section 4.01
   	
 Conditions to Existing Credit Agreement
   	  	58 	  
 Section 4.02
   	
 Conditions to All Credit Extensions
   	  	61 	  
ARTICLE V 	  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 	  
 Section 5.01
   	
 Existence, Qualification and Power
   	  	62 	  
 Section 5.02
   	
 Authorization; No Contravention
   	  	62 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Section 5.03
   	
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents
   	  	62 	  
 Section 5.04
   	
 Binding Effect
   	  	63 	  
 Section 5.05
   	
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect
   	  	63 	  
 Section 5.06
   	
 Litigation
   	  	63 	  
 Section 5.07
   	
 No Default
   	  	64 	  
 Section 5.08
   	
 Ownership of Property; Liens
   	  	64 	  
 Section 5.09
   	
 Environmental Compliance
   	  	64 	  
 Section 5.10
   	
 Insurance
   	  	64 	  
 Section 5.11
   	
 Taxes
   	  	65 	  
 Section 5.12
   	
 ERISA Compliance
   	  	65 	  
 Section 5.13
   	
 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties
   	  	65 	  
 Section 5.14
   	
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act
   	  	65 	  
 Section 5.15
   	
 Disclosure
   	  	66 	  
 Section 5.16
   	
 Compliance with Laws
   	  	66 	  
 Section 5.17
   	
 Solvency
   	  	66 	  
 Section 5.18
   	
 Casualty, Etc
   	  	66 	  
 Section 5.19
   	
 Labor Matters
   	  	66 	  
 Section 5.20
   	
 Collateral Documents
   	  	66 	  
 Section 5.21
   	
 Engineered Oil and Gas Properties
   	  	67 	  
 Section 5.22
   	
 Sale of Production
   	  	67 	  
 Section 5.23
   	
 OFAC
   	  	69 	  
 Section 5.24
   	
 Anti-Corruption Laws
   	  	69 	  
 Section 5.25
   	
 PATRIOT Act
   	  	69 	  
ARTICLE VI 	  
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 	  
 Section 6.01
   	
 Financial Statements
   	  	69 	  
 Section 6.02
   	
 Certificates; Other Information
   	  	71 	  
 Section 6.03
   	
 Notices
   	  	72 	  
 Section 6.04
   	
 Payment of Obligations
   	  	73 	  
 Section 6.05
   	
 Preservation of Existence, Etc
   	  	73 	  
 Section 6.06
   	
 Maintenance of Properties
   	  	73 	  
 Section 6.07
   	
 Maintenance of Insurance
   	  	73 	  
 Section 6.08
   	
 Compliance with Laws
   	  	74 	  
 Section 6.09
   	
 Books and Records
   	  	74 	  
 Section 6.10
   	
 Inspection Rights
   	  	74 	  
 Section 6.11
   	
 Use of Proceeds
   	  	74 	  
 Section 6.12
   	
 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security
   	  	74 	  
 Section 6.13
   	
 Compliance with Environmental Laws
   	  	76 	  
 Section 6.14
   	
 Further Assurances
   	  	76 	  
 Section 6.15
   	
 Production Proceeds
   	  	76 	  
 Section 6.16
   	
 Anti-Corruption, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws
   	  	77 	  
 Section 6.17
   	
 Post-Closing Changes
   	  	77 	  
 Section 6.18
   	
 Accounts
   	  	77 	  
ARTICLE VII 	  
NEGATIVE COVENANTS 	  
 Section 7.01
   	
 Liens
   	  	78 	  
 Section 7.02
   	
 Investments
   	  	80 	  
 Section 7.03
   	
 Indebtedness
   	  	82 	  
 Section 7.04
   	
 Fundamental Changes
   	  	84 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Section 7.05
   	
 Dispositions
   	  	84 	  
 Section 7.06
   	
 Restricted Payments
   	  	86 	  
 Section 7.07
   	
 Change in Nature of Business
   	  	87 	  
 Section 7.08
   	
 Transactions with Affiliates
   	  	87 	  
 Section 7.09
   	
 Burdensome Agreements
   	  	87 	  
 Section 7.10
   	
 Use of Proceeds
   	  	87 	  
 Section 7.11
   	
 Financial Covenants
   	  	87 	  
 Section 7.12
   	
 Hedge Transactions
   	  	88 	  
 Section 7.13
   	
 Sanctions
   	  	88 	  
 Section 7.14
   	
 Anti-Corruption Laws
   	  	89 	  
 Section 7.15
   	
 Prepayment of Restricted Debt
   	  	89 	  
ARTICLE VIII 	  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 	  
 Section 8.01
   	
 Events of Default
   	  	89 	  
 Section 8.02
   	
 Remedies Upon Event of Default
   	  	91 	  
 Section 8.03
   	
 Application of Funds
   	  	92 	  
ARTICLE IX 	  
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 	  
 Section 9.01
   	
 Appointment and Authority
   	  	93 	  
 Section 9.02
   	
 Rights as a Lender
   	  	93 	  
 Section 9.03
   	
 Exculpatory Provisions
   	  	93 	  
 Section 9.04
   	
 Reliance by Administrative Agent
   	  	94 	  
 Section 9.05
   	
 Delegation of Duties
   	  	94 	  
 Section 9.06
   	
 Resignation of Administrative Agent
   	  	94 	  
 Section 9.07
   	
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders
   	  	95 	  
 Section 9.08
   	
 No Other Duties, Etc
   	  	95 	  
 Section 9.09
   	
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
   	  	96 	  
 Section 9.10
   	
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters
   	  	96 	  
 Section 9.11
   	
 Flood Insurance
   	  	97 	  
 Section 9.12
   	
 Intercreditor Agreements
   	  	97 	  
ARTICLE X 	  
MISCELLANEOUS 	  
 Section 10.01
   	
 Amendments, Etc
   	  	98 	  
 Section 10.02
   	
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication
   	  	99 	  
 Section 10.03
   	
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
   	  	101 	  
 Section 10.04
   	
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
   	  	101 	  
 Section 10.05
   	
 Payments Set Aside
   	  	103 	  
 Section 10.06
   	
 Successors and Assigns
   	  	103 	  
 Section 10.07
   	
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality
   	  	107 	  
 Section 10.08
   	
 Right of Setoff
   	  	108 	  
 Section 10.09
   	
 Interest Rate Limitation
   	  	108 	  
 Section 10.10
   	
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.11
   	
 Survival of Representations and Warranties
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.12
   	
 Severability
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.13
   	
 Replacement of Lenders
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.14
   	
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc
   	  	110 	  
 Section 10.15
   	
 Waiver of Jury Trial
   	  	111 	  
 Section 10.16
   	
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
   	  	111 	  
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Section 10.17
   	
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice
   	  	112 	  
 Section 10.18
   	
 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents
   	  	112 	  
 Section 10.19
   	
 Amendment and Restatement
   	  	112 	  
 Section 10.20
   	
 Keepwell
   	  	112 	  

Schedules and Exhibits
 
 Schedule 2.01
   	
 Commitments and Applicable Percentages
 Schedule 5.03
   	
 Governmental Authorizations
 Schedule 5.06
   	
 Litigation
 Schedule 5.09
   	
 Environmental Matters
 Schedule 5.13
   	
 Subsidiaries, Other Equity Investments and Loan Party Information
 Schedule 5.22
   	
 Sale of Production
 Schedule 7.01
   	
 Existing Liens
 Schedule 7.02
   	
 Existing Investments
 Schedule 7.03
   	
 Existing Indebtedness
 Schedule 10.02
   	
 Administrative Agents Office; Certain Addresses for Notices
 Exhibit A
   	
 Form of Committed Loan Notice
 Exhibit B
   	
 Form of Prepayment Notice
 Exhibit C
   	
 Form of Note
 Exhibit D
   	
 Form of Compliance Certificate
 Exhibit E
   	
 Form of Assignment and Assumption
 Exhibit F
   	
 Form of Solvency Certificate
 Exhibit G
   	
 Form of Guaranty
 Exhibit H
   	
 Form of Mortgage
 Exhibit I
   	
 Form of Security Agreement
 Exhibit J
   	
 Form of Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of February 
10, 2017 among SANDRIDGE ENERGY, INC., a Delaware corporation (the 
Borrower), each LENDER from time to time party hereto (collectively, the 
Lenders and individually, a Lender) and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA., as 
Administrative Agent and an L/C Issuer.


PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to do so on 
the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants and 
agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as 
follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

Section 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the meanings set forth below:

Administrative Agent means Royal Bank of Canada in its capacity as 
administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor 
administrative agent.

Administrative Agent Fee Letter means that certain Administrative Agent 
Fee Letter, dated as of October 4, 2016, among the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrower.

Administrative Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address 
and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other 
address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify 
to the Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a 
form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is 
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c).

Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. As of the 
Effective Date, the amount of the Aggregate Commitments is $600,000,000.

Aggregate Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the 
sum of (a) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of such 
Lender plus (b) such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding 
Amount of all L/C Obligations.

Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be further amended 
from time to time.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the 
percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate 
Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment at such time. If the 
commitment of each Lender to make Committed Loans and the obligation of 
each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant 
to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the 
Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the 
Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect 
to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each 
Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in 
the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party 
hereto, as applicable.

Applicable Rate means, at any date, the applicable percentage per annum 
set forth below, based upon the Borrowing Base Utilization Ratio at such 
date:
 
  	   	  	  	Applicable Margin 	  	  	  	 
Level
   	Borrowing Base
Utilization Ratio 	  	Base Rate 	  	  	Eurodollar Rate +
Letters of Credit 	  	  	Commitment Fee 	 
 1
   	> 90% 	  	  	3.000 	%  	  	  	4.000 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 
 2
   	> 75% and < 90% 	  	  	2.750 	%  	  	  	3.750 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 
 3
   	> 50% and < 75% 	  	  	2.500 	%  	  	  	3.500 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 
 4
   	> 25% and < 50% 	  	  	2.250 	%  	  	  	3.250 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 
 5
   	< 25% 	  	  	2.000 	%  	  	  	3.000 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 

Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing 
on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately 
preceding the effective date of the next such change.

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a 
Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an 
entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Approved Petroleum Engineers means (a) Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, 
Inc., (b) DeGolyer and MacNaughton, (c) LaRoche Petroleum Consultants, 
Ltd., Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc., (d) Ryder Scott Company, L.P., 
(e) W.D. Van Gonten & Co. Petroleum Engineering and (f) at the Borrowers 
option, any other independent petroleum engineers selected by the Borrower 
and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Arranger means RBC Capital Markets1 in its capacity as sole lead arranger 
and sole book manager in respect of this Agreement.

Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates 
of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment 
advisor.

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into 
by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose 
consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the 
Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other 
form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any 
Capital Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would 
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in 
accordance with GAAP and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, 
the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant 
lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of 
such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a 
Capital Lease.
 
 
1  	RBC Capital Markets is the global brand name of the corporate and 
investment banking business of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet 
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2015, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, 
shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower 
and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.

Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 
2.03(c)(iii).

Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 
2.03(c)(iv).

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date 
to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of 
the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07 and (c) the date of 
termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Committed Loans and of 
the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to 
Section 8.02.

Available Amount means, at any time (the Reference Date), the sum of 
(without duplication):

(a) $75,000,000; plus

(b) the amount of any capital contributions made in cash after the Closing 
Date or Net Cash Proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the 
Closing Date (or issuances after the Closing Date of debt securities that 
have been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Stock) received by or 
contributed to the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent thereof and 
contributed by such parent to the Borrower) during the period from and 
including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through 
and including the Reference Date, in each case, other than to the extent 
constituting Cure Proceeds; plus

(c) an amount equal to any returns (including dividends, distributions, 
returns of principal, repayments and similar amounts) actually received in 
cash or Cash Equivalents, and any Net Cash Proceeds of any sales or other 
dispositions actually received, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
in respect of any Investments made after the Closing Date pursuant to 
Sections 7.02(c), (h), (i), and (q); provided that such amount may not 
exceed the original Investment made using the Available Amount pursuant to 
Section 7.02(c), (h), (i), or (q), as applicable; minus

(d) the aggregate amount of Investments made pursuant to Sections 7.02(c), 
(h), (i), and (q), Indebtedness incurred and outstanding pursuant to 
Sections 7.03(g) and Section 7.03(h), Restricted Payments made pursuant to 
Section 7.06(g) and payments in respect of Restricted Debt made pursuant to 
clause (iv) of Section 7.15(a), all during the period commencing on the 
Closing Date and ending on the Reference Date (but excluding the intended 
usage of the Available Amount on such Reference Date by the particular 
Investment or Restricted Payment).

Available Amount Conditions shall be satisfied, with respect to any 
transaction at any time, if (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing or shall result from the applicable transaction; 
(b) the Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with each of 
the Financial Covenants set forth in Section 7.11; and (c) after giving 
effect to such transaction, the Available Borrowing Base shall not be less 
than 10.0% of the Facility Limit.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Available Borrowing Base means, at any time of determination, the 
remainder of (a) the Facility Limit minus (b) the Total Outstandings.

Available Commitment means, at any time of determination, the remainder 
of (a) the Facility Limit at such time minus the Total Outstandings.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers 
by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of 
an EEA Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country 
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA 
Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In 
Legislation Schedule.

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, or any similar 
federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Bankruptcy Court means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the 
Southern District of Texas.

Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the 
highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00%, (ii) the rate of 
interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by 
the Administrative Agent as its prime rate and (iii) the Eurodollar Rate 
for such day (after giving effect to clause (ii) of the final paragraph of 
the definition thereof) plus 1.00% per annum. The prime rate is a rate 
set by the Administrative Agent based upon various factors including the 
Administrative Agents costs and desired return, general economic 
conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing 
some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. 
Any change in such prime rate announced by the Administrative Agent shall 
take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public 
announcement of such change.

Base Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest based on the 
Base Rate.

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the 
United States (or any successor thereto).

Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Borrowing Base means, on any date, either the amount provided for in 
Section 2.05(a) or the amount determined in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 2.05(b), as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant 
to Sections 2.05(c), (d) and (e).

Borrowing Base Utilization Ratio means at any time the ratio (expressed 
as a percentage) determined by taking the Total Outstandings and dividing 
by the Borrowing Base.

Borrowing Base Deficiency means, as of any date, the amount, if any, by 
which the Total Outstandings on such date exceeds the Borrowing Base in 
effect on such date.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in 
fact closed in, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and the State of New York, and, if 
such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which 
dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the 
London interbank eurodollar market.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property 
(whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as a lessee that, in 
conformity with GAAP, is, or is required to be, accounted for as a capital 
lease on the balance sheet of that Person; provided that leases that are 
recharacterized as Capital Leases due to a change in GAAP after the Closing 
Date shall not be treated as Capital Leases for any purposes under this 
Agreement but shall instead be treated as they would have been in 
accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date.

Cash Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).

Cash Collateralize has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).

Cash Equivalents means, at any date of determination, any of the 
following types of Investments:

(a) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed 
or insured by the United States or any state, territory or commonwealth of 
the United States or any political subsidizations of any such state, 
territory of commonwealth of the United States, including any agency or 
instrumentality thereof, in each case, having maturities of not more than 
24 months from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full 
faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof; 
provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt, treasury securities 
issued by the United States shall be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for 
purposes of this clause (a);

(b) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers 
acceptances of, any commercial bank that (A) is a Lender or (B)(i) is 
organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the 
District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank 
holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state 
thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve 
System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated 
as described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined 
capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000;

(c) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any 
state of the United States and rated at least Prime-1 (or the then 
equivalent grade) by Moodys or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent 
grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than 12 months from 
the date of acquisition thereof; and

(d) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of 
the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in money market 
investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest 
rating assigned at that time from either Moodys or S&P, and the portfolios 
of which are limited solely to Investments of the character, quality and 
maturity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition;

(e) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any foreign government 
or any political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each 
case rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moodys or 
at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with 
maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described 
in clauses (a) and (b) entered into with any financial institution or 
recognized securities dealer meeting the qualifications specified in 
clause (b) above; and

(g) investment funds investing at least 90.0% of their assets in funds or 
securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (f) above.

Casualty Event means any loss, casualty or other insured damage to, or 
any nationalization, taking under power of eminent domain or by 
condemnation or similar proceeding of, any Engineered Oil and Gas Property 
of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.

CERCLIS means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Information System maintained by the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency.

CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 
957 of the Code.

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of 
any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, rule, 
regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty 
or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any 
Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, 
guideline, directive or order (whether or not having the force of law) by 
any Governmental Authority or quasi-Governmental Authority; provided that 
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, 
guidelines, orders, regulations and directives thereunder or issued in 
connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, orders, 
regulations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International 
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor 
or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory 
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be 
deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or 
issued.

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which:

(a) (1) any Person (other than any Permitted Holder), or Persons (other 
than one or more of the Permitted Holders) constituting a group (as such 
term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its 
Subsidiaries, and any Person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, 
agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the 
beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that such Person or group shall be 
deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such Person or 
group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable 
immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right
)), directly or indirectly, of more than 35% of the Equity Interests of 
the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or 
equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and 
taking into account all such securities that such Person or group has 
the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or

(b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members 
of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the 
Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that 
board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) 
whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was 
approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the 
time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or 
equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that 
board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals 
referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such 
election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent 
governing body.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Date means October 4, 2016.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral means all of the Collateral and Mortgaged Property 
referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that 
is or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject 
to Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, 
Collateral shall not include any Building (as defined in the applicable 
Flood Insurance Regulation) or Manufactured (Mobile) Home (as defined in 
the applicable Flood Insurance Regulation) included in the definition of 
Mortgaged Property and no Building or Manufactured (Mobile) Home shall be 
encumbered by any Mortgage.

Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the 
Mortgages, each of the mortgages, collateral assignments, Security 
Agreement Supplements, security agreements, pledge agreements or other 
similar agreements delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the 
Security Agreement or Sections 4.01, 6.12 or 6.14 hereof, and each of the 
other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to 
create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties.

Collateral Trust Account means that certain account established at 
Wilmington Trust, National Association by the Borrower to hold $100.00 in 
trust for purposes of establishing the trust estate pursuant to the terms 
of the Subordinated Collateral Trust Agreement.

Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed 
Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 and (b) purchase 
participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any 
one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such 
Lenders name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant 
to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount 
may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.

Commitment Fee means has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(a).

Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous 
Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, 
having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to 
Section 2.02.

Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).

Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a 
conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a 
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which 
shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may 
be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an 
electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved 
by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a 
Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

Commodity Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et 
seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit D.

Consolidated refers to the consolidation of any Person, in accordance 
with GAAP, with its properly consolidated subsidiaries. References herein 
to a Persons Consolidated financial statements, financial position, 
financial condition, liabilities, etc. refer to the consolidated financial 
statements, financial position, financial condition, liabilities, etc. of 
such Person and its properly consolidated subsidiaries.

Consolidated EBITDA means for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of 
the Borrower for such period, plus each of the following (without 
duplication) determined for the Borrower and its Consolidated Restricted 
Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for such period: (a) any provision for 
(or less any benefit from) income or franchise taxes included in 
determining Consolidated Net Income; (b) any interest expense, premium 
payments, debt discount and financing fees and expenses of the Borrower or 
its Restricted Subsidiaries deducted in determining Consolidated Net 
Income; (c) any depreciation, depletion or amortization expense deducted in 
determining Consolidated Net Income; (d) any non-cash loss on change in 
fair value of derivative instruments deducted in determining Consolidated 
Net Income; (e) any other non-cash charge, expense or loss deducted in 
determining Consolidated Net Income; and (f) one-time cash expenses and 
restructuring, severance, termination and other one time costs, expenses or 
charges (whether cash or non-cash) incurred in connection with the 
acquisition or disposition of any entity or line of business permitted 
hereunder, the closure or consolidation of facilities, the termination or 
modification of contracts or any benefit or employee plans, or the 
institution of cost savings initiatives or other business optimization or 
restructuring programs; and minus each of the following (without 
duplication) determined for the Borrower and its Consolidated Restricted 
Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for such period, to the extent 
included in determining such Consolidated Net Income for such period: (i) 
any non-cash gain on change in fair value of derivative instruments 
included in determining Consolidated Net Income; (ii) any interest income 
included in determining Consolidated Net Income; and (iii) any other 
non-cash income or gains included in determining Consolidated Net Income; 
provided, however, that in determining Consolidated Net Income for the 
purposes of this definition for any period in which the Borrower or any of 
its Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries has acquired or acquires 
additional Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries (whether by purchase, 
merger or otherwise) or has acquired or disposed of or acquires or disposes 
of producing Oil and Gas Properties, (x) the Consolidated Net Income of 
such acquired Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries shall be included in 
such calculation on a pro forma basis as if they had been owned by the 
Borrower and its Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries throughout such 
period, (y) the revenues attributable to the oil and gas production from 
such acquired Oil and Gas Properties during such period, less the direct 
operating expenses and severance and ad valorem taxes incurred with respect 
to such properties during such period, shall be included in such 
calculation on a pro forma basis as if they had been owned by the Borrower 
and its Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries throughout such period and (z) 
the revenues attributable to the oil and gas production from producing Oil 
and Gas Properties disposed of during such period, less the direct 
operating expenses and severance and ad valorem taxes incurred with respect 
to such properties during such period, shall be deducted in such 
calculation on a pro forma basis as if they had not been owned by the 
Borrower and its Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries throughout such 
period. Pro forma adjustments made in connection with Subsidiaries or Oil 
and Gas Properties acquired or disposed of shall be consistent with Article 
11 of Regulation S-X and certified by the Borrowers chief financial 
officer.

Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of 
determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four 
consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended on or prior to such date 
for which financial statements have been, or were required to be, delivered 
pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable to (b) Consolidated 
Interest Expense for such period.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, with respect to the 
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, total 
cash interest expense (including that portion attributable to Capital 
Leases in accordance with GAAP and capitalized interest) net of cash 
interest income, including all commissions, discounts and other fees and 
charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance 
financing and net costs under Swap Contracts and other Hedge Transactions, 
but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) amortization of deferred 
financing costs, debt discounts or premiums, amendment and consent fees, 
debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, pay-in-kind interest 
expense, discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest 
(including as a result of the effects of acquisition method accounting or 
push-down accounting), (b) any expensing of bridge, commitment fees and 
other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions or any 
acquisitions after the Closing Date, (c) non-cash interest expense 
attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations 
under Swap Contracts, other Hedge Transactions or other derivative 
instruments, (d) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (e) any 
non-recurring cash interest expense consisting of additional interest or 
liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely 
comply with registration rights obligations, (f) annual agency fees paid to 
the administrative agents and collateral agents under any credit facilities 
or other debt instruments or documents and (g) any one-time cash costs 
associated with breakage in respect of Swap Contracts for interest rates.

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (or loss) 
of the Borrower and its Consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries for such 
period determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that the following 
shall be excluded in calculating Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated 
EBITDA: (i) any extraordinary items of gain or loss; (ii) any gain or loss 
from the sale of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; 
(iii) any non-cash income, gains, losses or charges resulting from the 
requirements of SFAS 133 or 143; (iv) the net income (or loss) of any 
Royalty Trust, any master limited partnership or any person accounted for 
on the equity method, except to the extent of cash distributions received 
by the Borrower or a Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary for such period and 
(v) any income attributable to cancellation or early extinguishment of any 
Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Consolidated Restricted Subsidiary.

Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, 
with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a 
Consolidated basis, the sum of (without duplication) (a) the aggregate 
principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries outstanding as of such date, but solely to the extent 
consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, obligations in respect of 
Capital Leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations, any debt obligations evidenced 
by bonds, notes, debentures, promissory notes or similar instruments and 
any obligations in respect of drawn letters of credit (which have not been 
reimbursed within one Business Day after such amount is drawn), as 
determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, 
all undrawn amounts under revolving credit facilities and letters of credit 
and all Swap Obligations) minus (b) up to $30,000,000 of the aggregate 
amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries on such date; provided that Consolidated Total Indebtedness 
shall not, in any event, include Indebtedness in respect of obligations 
under Swap Contracts (but shall include unpaid termination payments in 
respect thereof) or obligations in respect of the Convertible Notes.

Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of 
determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness on such 
date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal 
quarters most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial 
statements have been, or were required to be, delivered pursuant to 
Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any 
security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other 
undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its 
property is bound.

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, 
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or 
otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative 
thereto.

Control Agreement means a control agreement, in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, providing for the 
Administrative Agents exclusive control of a Deposit Account, Securities 
Account or Commodity Account, as applicable, after notice of an Event of 
Default, executed and delivered by the Borrower or Subsidiary, as 
applicable, and the applicable securities intermediary (with respect to a 
Securities Account), bank (with respect to a Deposit Account) or commodity 
intermediary (with respect to a Commodity Account), in each case at which 
such relevant account is maintained.

Convertible Notes means the 0.00% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes 
due 2020 issued pursuant to that certain Indenture dated October 4, 2016 
among the Chapter 11 Debtors, Wilmington Trust National Association, as 
Trustee, and certain other parties thereto, and any Permitted Refinancings 
thereof.

Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor and 
Subordination Agreement executed by Wilmington Trust National Association, 
as Trustee, and representative for the holders of the Convertible Notes, 
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower and the Guarantors, in 
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit J, as the same may be 
amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time 
to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

COPAS means the Council of Petroleum Accountants Societies.

Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Committed Borrowing 
and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Cure Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 7.11(c)(ii).

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, 
conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, 
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or 
similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable 
jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of 
creditors generally.

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default 
or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would 
be an Event of Default.

Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than 
Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus 
(ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 
2.00% per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate 
Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate 
(including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Committed Loan 
plus 2.00% per annum and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit 
Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2.00% per annum.

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any 
portion of (i) the Committed Loans within two Business Days of the date 
such Committed Loans were required to be
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders 
determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of 
which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be 
specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied or (ii) the 
participations in L/C Obligations required to be funded by it hereunder 
within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder 
unless such failure has been cured, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to 
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to 
be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, 
unless the subject of a good faith dispute or unless such failure has been 
cured, (c) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any L/C 
Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding 
obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect 
(unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders 
obligation to fund a Committed Loan hereunder and states that such position 
is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to 
funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, 
shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) 
cannot be satisfied), (d) has failed, within three Business Days after 
written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in 
writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply 
with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such 
Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (d) 
upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrower) or (e) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that 
has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, 
(ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, 
administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person 
charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, 
including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or 
federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the 
subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a 
Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any 
equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company 
thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does 
not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of 
courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or 
writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such 
Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any 
contracts or agreements made with such Lender.

Deposit Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC.

Designated Jurisdiction means any country, region or territory to the 
extent that such country, region or territory itself is the subject of any 
Sanction.

Determination Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b).

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or 
other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction but 
excluding all events described in the definition of Casualty Event 
regardless of the value thereof) of any property by any Person (or the 
granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), 
including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without 
recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims 
associated therewith. The issuance of Equity Interests by any Restricted 
Subsidiary to any Person other than the Borrower or a wholly-owned 
Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed a Disposition by the Borrower of its 
direct or indirect Equity Interest in such Restricted Subsidiary to the 
extent of the resulting dilution.

Disqualified Stock means any capital stock that, by its terms (or by the 
terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is 
exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event (other than a change in 
control or asset sale), (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant 
to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of 
the holder thereof (other than solely as a result of a change of control or 
asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior 
repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations (other than (i) 
contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been 
asserted and (ii) Swap Obligations and Treasury Management Services 
Agreements)), in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days 
after the earlier of the latest final maturity of the Committed Loans or 
the date the Loans are no longer outstanding, except to the extent that 
such capital stock is redeemable with, or solely exchangeable for, any 
capital stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Stock, (b) provide 
for the scheduled payment of dividends in cash or (c) is or becomes 
convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any Equity Interests 
that would constitute Disqualified Stock, in each case, prior to the date 
that is 91 days after the Maturity Date; provided that, if such capital 
stock is issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or 
its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such capital stock 
shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required 
to be repurchased by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy 
applicable statutory or regulatory obligations; provided, further, that any 
capital stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, 
manager or consultant of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of 
its direct or indirect parent companies or any other entity in which the 
Borrower or a Subsidiary has an Investment and is designated in good faith 
as an affiliate by the board of directors or managers of the Borrower, in 
each case pursuant to any equity holders agreement, management equity plan 
or stock incentive plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or 
agreement shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be 
required to be repurchased by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries.

Dollar and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment 
firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the 
supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in 
an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in 
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established 
in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described 
in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated 
supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, 
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any 
person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member 
Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of 
any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective Date means February 10, 2017.

Election Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(ii).

Electrical Assets means (i) assets used primarily for the transmission 
and delivery of electricity, including electrical substations, power lines 
and other electrical infrastructure assets and (ii) Equity Interests of any 
Person that has no substantial assets other than assets referred to in 
clause (i).

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an 
assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii), (v), (vi) and (vii) (subject to such 
consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)).

Engineered Oil and Gas Property means any Oil and Gas Property listed in 
the most recent Engineering Report other than any Oil and Gas Property that 
has been Disposed of as part of or in connection with any Disposition to a 
Person other than a Loan Party that is permitted hereunder or under
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, it is understood and agreed that SandRidge E&Ps proportionate 
share of the Oil and Gas Properties held by the Royalty Trusts, including 
all Proved Reserves and related Hydrocarbons from such Oil and Gas 
Properties, shall only constitute Engineered Oil and Gas Properties for 
purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base pursuant to Section 2.05 and for 
delivery of the Engineering Reports pursuant to Sections 6.01(e) and (f).

Engineering Report means the Initial Engineering Report and each 
engineering report delivered pursuant to Section 2.05 or Section 6.01 
setting forth, as of each December 31 and June 30, as applicable, the 
Proved Reserves attributable to the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower, 
the other Loan Parties and the Royalty Trusts, together with a projection 
of the rate of production of future net income, taxes, operating expenses 
and capital expenditures with respect thereto as of such date, based upon 
the economic assumptions consistent with the Administrative Agents lending 
requirements at the time, and reflecting any Oil and Gas Hedge Transactions 
that are in place with respect to such production. To the extent that two 
or more engineering firms prepare reports as of the same date for portions 
of the properties required to be reported on, such reports will 
collectively constitute a single Engineering Report for the purposes 
hereof.

Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local and foreign 
statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, 
permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or 
governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the 
environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including 
those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and 
discharges to waste or public systems.

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise 
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, 
fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from 
or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, 
use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any 
Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the 
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the 
environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement 
pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of 
the foregoing.

Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, 
license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of 
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, 
all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or 
acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other 
ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities 
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other 
ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or 
options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or 
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests 
in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), 
whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, 
options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of 
determination. For the avoidance of doubt, debt instruments that are 
convertible into Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Equity 
Interests until they are so converted.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) 
under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) 
or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of 
provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code).
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; 
(b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan 
subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a 
substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a 
cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 
4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or 
any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan; (d) the filing of a notice 
of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension or Multiemployer Plan 
amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the 
commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds 
under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a 
trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the 
imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC 
premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the 
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule 
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in 
effect from time to time.

Eurodollar Rate means:

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the 
rate per annum equal to the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited LIBOR rate 
(LIBOR) or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the 
Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Reuters screen page 
(or, if such Reuters screen page is not available, such other commercially 
available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the 
Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London 
time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, 
for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) 
with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any 
date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11:00 a.m., London 
time determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits 
with a term of one month commencing that day.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) to the extent a comparable or successor 
rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection herewith, the 
approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; 
provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively 
feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied 
in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; 
and (ii) if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be 
deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Eurodollar Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate 
based on the Eurodollar Rate.

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.

Excluded Accounts means (a) each account in which all of the deposits 
consist solely of amounts utilized to fund payroll, employee benefits 
(including medical, dental and employee benefits claims) or tax obligations 
of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) accounts used solely 
as zero balance accounts, (c) any segregated account to the extent such 
account consists solely of amounts in respect of oil and gas royalty 
interests held in a fiduciary, trust or similar capacity for one or more 
third parties and (d) other accounts with funds on deposit not to exceed 
$2,500,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts at any time; provided 
that in no event shall any of the principal operating accounts of the 
Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries constitute an Excluded Account.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, (a) any 
Swap Obligation in respect of a Swap Contract if, and to the extent that, 
and only for so long as, all or a portion of the guarantee of such 
Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to 
secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is 
or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation 
or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or 
official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors 
failure to constitute an eligible contract participant, as defined in the 
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, at the time the 
guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such 
Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap 
Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap 
Obligation of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the 
relevant Loan Parties and counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations, 
and agreed by the Administrative Agent. If a Swap Obligation arises under a 
master agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion 
shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is 
attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guarantee or security 
interest is or becomes illegal.

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any 
Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by 
or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) taxes 
imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and 
franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the 
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which 
such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, 
in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is 
located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States or any 
similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is 
located, (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee 
pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.13), any withholding 
tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time 
such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending 
Office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lenders failure or inability 
(other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 3.01(e)
, except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) 
was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or 
assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect 
to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.01(a), and (d) any U.S. 
federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Existing Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 
4, 2016, among the Borrower, each lender party thereto from time to time 
and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent and L/C Issuer.

Facility Limit means, at any time, the lesser of (a) the Aggregate 
Commitments at such time and (b) the Borrowing Base at such time.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of 
this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively 
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any 
intergovernmental agreements entered into by the United States that 
implement or modify the foregoing (together with the portions of any law 
implementing such intergovernmental agreements).

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the 
weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with 
members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on 
such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the 
Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not 
a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on 
such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the 
next succeeding Business Day and (b) if no such rate is so published on 
such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day 
shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole 
multiple of 1/100 of 1.00%) charged to the Administrative Agent on such day 
on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Covenant means each of (a) the Consolidated Total Net Leverage 
Ratio covenant set forth in Section 7.11(a) and (b) the Consolidated 
Interest Coverage Ratio covenant set forth in Section 7.11(b). The 
foregoing clauses (a) and (b) are collectively referred to as the 
Financial Covenants.

Flood Insurance Regulations means, collectively, (i) the National Flood 
Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor 
statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or 
hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (iii) the National 
Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (amending 42 USC 4001, et seq.), as the 
same may be amended or recodified from time to time and (iv) the Flood 
Insurance Reform Act of 2004 and any regulations promulgated thereunder.

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax 
purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State 
thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single 
jurisdiction.

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with 
respect to any L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage 
of the outstanding L/C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued 
by such L/C Issuer other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting 
Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or 
Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) 
engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial 
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its 
business.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States 
set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles 
Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and 
statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board 
or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the 
accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the 
circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any 
other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or 
local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, 
central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining 
to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European 
Union or the European Central Bank).

Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(g).

Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or 
otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of 
guaranteeing any Indebtedness payable or performable by another Person (the 
primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and 
including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to 
purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) 
such Indebtedness, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or 
services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such 
Indebtedness of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness, (iii) to 
maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement 
condition or
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to 
enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (iv) entered into 
for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of 
such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against 
loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (b) any Lien on any assets 
of such Person securing any Indebtedness of any other Person, whether or 
not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent 
or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). 
The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the 
stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion 
thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or 
determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect 
thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term 
Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantors means, collectively, (i) SandRidge Holdings, Inc., SandRidge 
Exploration and Production, LLC, SandRidge Midstream Inc., SandRidge 
Operating Company, Integra Energy, L.L.C. and Lariat Services, Inc. and 
(ii) each Person which becomes a Guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant 
to Section 6.12.

Guaranty means the Guaranty executed by the Borrower and the Guarantors 
in favor of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties in 
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G, as the same may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the 
terms hereof and thereof.

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or 
wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, 
including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or 
asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, 
infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any 
nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Hedge Transaction means any commodity, interest rate, currency or other 
swap, option, collar, futures contract or other contract pursuant to which 
a Person hedges risks related to commodity prices, interest rates, currency 
exchange rates, securities prices or financial market conditions. Hedge 
Transactions expressly include Oil and Gas Hedge Transactions.

Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(d)(i).

Hydrocarbons means oil, gas, casinghead gas, drip gasolines, natural 
gasoline, condensate, distillate and all other liquid and gaseous 
hydrocarbons produced or to be produced in conjunction therewith, and all 
products, by-products and all other substances derived therefrom or the 
processing thereof, and all other minerals and substances, including, but 
not limited to, sulphur, lignite, coal, uranium, thorium, iron, geothermal 
steam, water, carbon dioxide, helium and any and all other minerals, ores 
or substances of value, and the products and proceeds therefrom, including, 
without limitation, all gas resulting from the in situ combustion of coal 
or lignite.

Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower with less than 
$5,000,000 in total assets on a Consolidated basis.

Immaterial Title Deficiencies means, with respect to specified Proved 
Reserves, defects or clouds on title, discrepancies in reported net revenue 
and working interest ownership percentages, inaccuracies of representations 
and warranties in Sections 5.21 and 5.22 that are qualified by reference to 
this definition, and other Liens, defects, discrepancies and similar 
matters which do not, in the aggregate, reduce the PV9 Pricing of all 
Proved Reserves of the Borrower by more than 4.0% of PV9 Pricing of all 
such Proved Reserves.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without 
duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness 
or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:

(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations 
of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar 
instruments;

(b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under 
letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, 
bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

(c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of 
property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary 
course of business and, in each case, not past due for more than 90 days 
after the date on which such trade account payable was created);

(e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on 
property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness 
arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), 
whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or 
is limited in recourse;

(f) Capital Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations;

(g) the mandatory redemption price of all Disqualified Stock of such 
Person; and

(h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the 
Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint 
venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which 
such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such 
Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of 
any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to 
be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any 
Capital Lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed 
to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such 
date. The amount of any non-recourse Indebtedness described in clause (e) 
of this definition shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to 
be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such 
Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property or asset 
encumbered, as determined by such Person in good faith.

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.

Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).

Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07.

Initial Engineering Report means the engineering report concerning Oil 
and Gas Properties of Loan Parties dated as of June 30, 2016, prepared 
internally by the Borrower.

Initial Financial Statements means (a) the unaudited consolidated balance 
sheet and related consolidated income statements and statements of cash 
flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal 
quarter ending at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date and (b) certain 
other financial statements and variance reports that were delivered to the 
Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date in connection with the 
Transactions.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Committed Loan other than a 
Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such 
Committed Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any 
Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three months, the 
respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such 
Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any 
Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and 
December and the Maturity Date.

Interest Period means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period 
commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted 
to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, 
three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its 
Committed Loan Notice, or such other period that is twelve months or less 
requested by the Borrower and commercially available to all the Lenders; 
provided that:

(i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a 
Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless 
such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such 
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

(ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar 
month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in 
the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the 
last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; 
and

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or 
investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other 
acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a 
loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt 
of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity 
participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or 
joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to 
which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person or (c) the 
purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of 
transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. 
For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be 
the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases 
or decreases in the value of such Investment.

ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International 
Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking 
Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the 
time of issuance).

Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter 
of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument 
entered into by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any other 
Loan Party) or in favor the applicable L/C Issuer and relating to such 
Letter of Credit.

Junior Lien Debt means Indebtedness (i) of the Borrower and the 
Guarantors secured by the Collateral on a junior lien basis on the terms 
and conditions set forth in (and with a Junior Lien Representative at all 
times party to) a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and not secured by 
any property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other 
than the Collateral (on such junior basis) and (ii) as to which a 
representative of the holders of such Indebtedness, acting on behalf of 
such holders, shall have (a) other than in the case of the Convertible 
Notes (to the extent otherwise constituting
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Junior Lien Debt hereunder), become party to the Junior Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement as a Junior Lien Representative (or, to the extent no Junior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement exists at the time of the incurrence of such Junior 
Lien Debt, shall have entered into a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
with the Administrative Agent) and (b) become a party to the Convertible 
Notes Intercreditor Agreement as Priority Lien Representative or a 
Subordinated Representative (each as defined therein), as applicable.

Junior Lien Financing Documentation means any documentation governing any 
Junior Lien Debt including, without limitation, any Junior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement.

Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the 
Majority Lenders and the Borrower, among the Borrower, the Guarantors and 
the Administrative Agent, as a representative of the Secured Parties, and 
one or more collateral agents or representatives for the holders of the 
relevant Junior Lien Debt (for any issuance, the Junior Lien 
Representative).

Junior Lien Representative has the meaning set forth in the definition of 
Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement.

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and 
local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and 
administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the 
interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority 
charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and 
all applicable administrative orders, licenses, authorizations and permits 
of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority.

L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders funding of 
its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable 
Percentage.

L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under 
any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or 
refinanced as a Committed Borrowing.

L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the 
issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase 
of the amount thereof.

L/C Issuer means (a) Royal Bank of Canada and (b) any other Lender 
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that may agree to 
issue Letters of Credit hereunder pursuant to an instrument in form 
reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer and the Borrower, in the case of 
clauses (a) and (b), in their respective capacities as issuers of Letters 
of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuers of Letters of Credit 
hereunder.

L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate 
amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus 
the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. 
For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter 
of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in 
accordance with Section 1.07. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any 
date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any 
amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 
3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding 
in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.

Lender or Lenders has the meaning specified in the introductory 
paragraph hereto.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lender Counterparty means (i) any counterparty under a Swap Contract that 
was a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) at the time such Swap Contract 
was entered into and/or (ii) any counterparty under a Treasury Management 
Services Agreement that was a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) at the 
time such Treasury Management Services Agreement was entered into.

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such 
Lender described as such in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire, or 
such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder 
providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation 
thereunder.

Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the 
issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time 
in use by the applicable L/C Issuer. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the provisions of any Letter of Credit Application and the 
provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall 
prevail.

Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior 
to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, 
the next preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(j).

Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to $20,000,000. The 
Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate 
Commitments.

LIBOR has the meaning set forth in the definition of Eurodollar Rate.

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, 
lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest or 
preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind 
or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title 
retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on 
title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the 
same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, in no event will the deposit of not more 
than $100.00 into the Collateral Trust Account on or before the Closing 
Date be deemed to constitute a Lien hereunder.

Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under 
Article II in the form of a Committed Loan.

Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the 
Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, the Convertible Notes Intercreditor 
Agreement and any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement.

Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.

Majority Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having 
more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitments or, if the commitment of each 
Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C 
Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders 
holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Total Outstandings (with the 
aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded 
participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Lender for 
purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment of, and the 
portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting 
Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Majority 
Lenders.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Master Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Swap 
Contract.

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a 
material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, assets, properties, 
liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of (i) 
the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under 
the Loan Documents or (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform their 
obligations under the Loan Documents; or (c) a material adverse effect upon 
the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Loan 
Parties of the Loan Documents.

Maturity Date means March 31, 2020; provided that if such date is not a 
Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.

Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 10.09.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage means a mortgage or a deed of trust, deed to secure debt, trust 
deed, assignment of as-extracted collateral, fixture filing or other 
security documented entered into by the owner of Mortgaged Property and the 
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in respect of 
that Mortgaged Property, substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto 
(with such changes as may be necessary to account for local law matters) or 
otherwise in such form as agreed between the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented 
from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

Mortgaged Property means real property and improvements thereto with 
respect to which a Mortgage is required to be granted pursuant to Section 
4.01(b)(iv), Section 6.12 or Section 6.14 hereof.

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described 
in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA 
Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the 
preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make 
contributions.


Net Cash Proceeds means:

(a) with respect to any Disposition by the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and 
Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including 
any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant 
to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and 
when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any 
Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset and that is required 
to be repaid in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness 
under the Loan Documents), (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in 
connection with such transaction, (C) income taxes reasonably estimated to 
be actually payable within two years of the date of the relevant 
transaction as a result of any gain recognized in connection therewith and 
(D) the Swap Termination Value, if any, associated with such transaction; 
provided that, if the amount of any estimated taxes pursuant to subclause 
(C) exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in cash in 
respect of such Disposition, the aggregate amount of such excess shall 
constitute Net Cash Proceeds if such aggregate amount exceeds $2,500,000;
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the 
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum 
of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such 
transaction over (ii) the underwriting discounts and commissions, and other 
reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by the Borrower 
or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection therewith; and

(c) with respect to the termination of any Hedge Transaction by the 
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum 
of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such 
transaction over (ii) the sum of (A) the reasonable and customary 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted 
Subsidiary in connection with such transaction and (B) income taxes 
reasonably estimated to be actually payable within two years of the date of 
the relevant transaction as a result of any gain recognized in connection 
therewith; provided that, if the amount of any estimated taxes pursuant to 
subclause (B) exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in 
cash in respect of such termination, the aggregate amount of such excess 
shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds if such aggregate amount exceeds 
$2,500,000.

Non-Defaulting Lender means each Lender that is not, at such time, a 
Defaulting Lender.

Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.03(c)(iii).

Non-Reinstatement Deadline has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.03(c)(iv).

Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender 
evidencing Committed Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form 
of Exhibit C.

Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, 
covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or 
otherwise with respect to any Committed Loan or Letter of Credit or any 
Swap Contract or Treasury Management Services Agreement with a Lender 
Counterparty, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by 
assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or 
hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the 
commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary 
thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person 
as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and 
fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided that the term 
Obligations shall not, with respect to any Guarantor, include any 
Excluded Swap Obligation with respect to such Guarantor.

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States 
Department of the Treasury.

Oil and Gas Business means the business of acquiring, exploring, or 
developing and operating Oil and Gas Properties and the production, 
marketing, processing and transporting of Hydrocarbons therefrom, and 
providing services to the oil and gas upstream and midstream segments.

Oil and Gas Hedge Transaction means a Hedge Transaction pursuant to which 
any Person hedges the price to be received by it for future production of 
Hydrocarbons.

Oil and Gas Properties means all oil, gas and/or mineral leases, oil, gas 
or mineral properties, mineral servitudes and/or mineral rights of any kind 
(including, without limitation, mineral fee interests, lease interests, 
farm-out interests, overriding royalty and royalty interests, net profits 
interests, oil payment interests, production payment interests and other 
types of mineral interests), and all oil and gas gathering, treating, 
storage, processing, monitoring and handling assets and all other assets 
directly related thereto.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oklahoma Properties means (a) the office buildings located at (i) 120 
Robert S. Kerr Avenue, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 and (ii) 123 Robert S. Kerr 
Avenue, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 and (b) the Broadway-Kerr Parking Garage 
located at the northeast corner of the intersection of Broadway Avenue and 
Robert S. Kerr Avenue in downtown Oklahoma City.

Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the 
certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or 
comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the 
certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating 
agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or 
other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other 
applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, 
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with 
its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in 
the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any 
certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any 
other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any 
payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the 
execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans, on any 
date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving 
effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans 
occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any 
date, the amount by which such L/C Obligations exceed the Cash Collateral 
held by the Administrative Agent on such date after giving effect to any 
L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the 
aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a 
result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.

Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 5.25.

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is 
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is 
subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower 
or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate 
contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a 
multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has 
made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan 
years.

Permitted Debt Restrictions means, an instrument or instruments governing 
indebtedness which imposes limitations on or requirements with respect to 
Indebtedness, Restricted Payments or Liens of the type described in 
Section 7.09 that are substantially the same as or less restrictive than 
the corresponding limitations or requirements, if any, with respect to such 
matters contained in any of the Principal Debt Obligations.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Permitted Holders means any of (i) GSO / Blackstone Debt Funds Management 
LLC, (ii) Fir Tree Partners, (iii) Tyrus Capital Event Master Fund Limited, 
(iv) Monarch Alternative Capital LP, (v) EIG Management Company, LLC, (vi) 
Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC, (vii) MTP Energy Management 
LLC, (viii) Apollo Energy Opportunity Management LLC, (ix) Solus 
Alternative Asset Management LP and (x) any Affiliates of, or any funds or 
partnerships managed or advised by, any of the foregoing (including those 
funds or partnerships managed or advised by the Affiliates of any of the 
foregoing).

Permitted Encumbrances has the meaning specified in the Mortgages.

Permitted Refinancing means, in respect of any Indebtedness otherwise 
permitted hereunder (the Refinanced Indebtedness), any refinancing, 
refunding, renewal or extension (any of the foregoing, a Refinancing, and 
any such new Indebtedness, Refinancing Indebtedness) of such Refinanced 
Indebtedness; provided that (i) the amount of such Refinanced Indebtedness 
is not increased at the time of such Refinancing except by an amount equal 
to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and 
expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an 
amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and the 
direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, as a 
result of or in connection with such Refinancing, (ii) the terms relating 
to principal amount, amortization, collateral (if any) and subordination 
(if any), and other material terms taken as a whole, of any such 
Refinancing Indebtedness, and of any agreement entered into and of any 
instrument issued in connection therewith, are no less favorable taken as a 
whole in any material respect to the Loan Parties or the Lenders than the 
terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Refinanced Indebtedness 
and the interest rate applicable to the Refinancing Indebtedness does not 
exceed the then applicable market interest rate, (iii) no Default or Event 
of Default would result from such Refinancing after giving effect thereto 
and (iv) such Refinancing Indebtedness does not mature and requires no 
scheduled amortization prior to the 91st day following the Maturity Date.

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, 
trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental 
Authority or other entity.

Petroleum Industry Standards means the Definitions for Oil and Gas 
Reserves promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (or any 
generally recognized successor thereto) as in effect at the time in 
question.

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower or, with respect to any 
such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, 
any ERISA Affiliate.

Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Pledged Equity has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Principal Debt Obligations means all existing long-term debt issued by 
the Borrower including, without limitation, any Junior Lien Debt.

Proceeding has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proved Developed Producing Reserves means, oil and gas reserves that, in 
accordance with Petroleum Industry Standards, are classified as both 
proved reserves and developed producing reserves.

Proved Reserves means, collectively, oil and gas reserves that, in 
accordance with Petroleum Industry Standards, are classified as proved 
developed nonproducing reserves, proved developed producing reserves 
and/or proved undeveloped reserves.

PV9 Pricing means, with respect to any Engineered Oil and Gas Properties 
or other Oil and Gas Properties becoming Engineered Oil and Gas Properties, 
the net present value, discounted at 9% per annum, of the future net 
revenues expected to accrue to the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties 
collective interests in such reserves expected to be produced from such Oil 
and Gas Properties during the remaining expected economic lives of such 
reserves made in accordance with the then existing standards of the Society 
of Petroleum Engineers (with appropriate adjustments made for hedging 
operations) as follows:

(a) for anticipated sales of oil and gas that are fixed in a firm fixed 
price sales contract with an investment grade counterparty or a 
counterparty guaranteed, or for whom a letter of credit has been issued, by 
an investment grade party (or another counterparty approved by the 
Administrative Agent), the fixed price or prices provided for in such sales 
contract during the term thereof; and

(b) for anticipated sales of oil and gas, if such sales are not under a 
sales contract that is described in clause (a) above, for the date of 
calculation (or, if such date is not a Business Day, for the first Business 
Day thereafter), the prices provided in the most recent price deck provided 
to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent, adjusted in each case for 
historical location and quality differentials during the twelve months 
preceding such date of determination.

Qualified Stock means Equity Interests which are not Disqualified Stock.

Reference Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Available 
Amount.

Refinanced Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in the definition of 
Permitted Refinancing.

Refinancing has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted 
Refinancing.

Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in the definition of 
Permitted Refinancing.

Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c).

Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in 
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in 
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in 
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Registered Public Accounting Firm has the meaning specified in the 
Securities Laws and shall be independent of the Borrower as prescribed by 
the Securities Laws.

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons 
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, 
trustees, administrators and advisors of such Person and of such Persons 
Affiliates.

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of 
ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been 
waived.

Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Committed 
Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan 
Notice and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit 
Application.

Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having 
at least 66-2/3% of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the commitment of each 
Lender to make Committed Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuers to 
make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, 
Lenders holding in the aggregate at least 66-2/3% of the Total Outstandings 
(with the aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded 
participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Lender for 
purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment of, and the 
portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting 
Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required 
Lenders.

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief 
financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan 
Party, and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates 
pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a 
Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II
, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated 
by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or 
any other officer of employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or 
pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the 
Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a 
Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have 
been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action 
on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be 
conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 7.15(a).

Restricted Debt Documentation means any documentation governing any 
Restricted Debt (including, in the case of Junior Lien Debt, Junior Lien 
Financing Documentation).

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in 
cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or 
other Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any 
payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any 
sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, 
retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital 
stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to 
the Borrowers stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person 
thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, any payment of interest (including 
payment-in-kind interest) made in respect of any Indebtedness convertible 
into Equity Interests of the Borrower permitted hereunder shall not 
constitute a Restricted Payment.

Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Restructuring Support Agreement means that certain Restructuring Support 
and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2016 (as amended, restated, 
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time 
prior to the date hereof), by and among the Loan Parties signatory thereto, 
the Lenders thereto, certain other holders of claims and interests and the 
other Persons party thereto.

Royalty Trust means a statutory or business trust, the trustee of which 
is a financial institution not affiliated with the Borrower, to which the 
Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries conveys, or intends 
to convey, royalty interests, net profits interests, or other similar 
mineral interests in the production of hydrocarbons from properties to 
which no value was attributed in the then most recent determination of the 
Borrowing Base, in exchange for units of beneficial interests in the trust 
and all or part of the cash proceeds of an underwritten public offering or 
a similar offering under Rule 144A of the trusts units. For the avoidance 
of doubt, SandRidge Mississippian Trust I, SandRidge Mississippian Trust II 
and SandRidge Permian Trust shall each constitute a Royalty Trust.

Royalty Trust Redetermination Trigger Event means the occurrence of any 
of the following: (a) any Royalty Trust becomes an obligor (whether direct 
or indirect) in respect of any Indebtedness for borrowed money and/or (b) 
any Royalty Trust permits the Oil and Gas Properties of such Royalty Trust 
to become subject to any Lien other than (x) Liens in favor of unitholders 
or other counterparties in connection with entering into joint development 
agreements or other similar agreements or (y) any Permitted Encumbrance 
which does not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money.

SandRidge E&P means SandRidge Exploration and Production LLC.

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The 
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Sanctions means any economic or financial sanction or trade embargoes 
imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States 
Government (including without limitation, OFAC or the United States 
Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European 
Union, Her Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant 
sanctions authority.

Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Scheduled Determination has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(i).

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental 
Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the 
Lenders, the L/C Issuers, the Lender Counterparties, each co-agent or 
sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant 
to Section 9.05, and the other Persons the Obligations owing to which are 
or are purported to be secured by the Collateral under the terms of the 
Collateral Documents.

Securities Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC.

Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933 and regulations 
thereunder, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and regulations thereunder, 
Sarbanes-Oxley and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, 
rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the 
SEC or the PCAOB.
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement entered into 
by the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto as grantors and the 
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, substantially 
in the form of Exhibit I hereto, as the same may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and 
thereof.

Security Agreement Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security 
Agreement.

Solvent means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, 
that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is 
greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent 
liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the 
assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to 
pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become 
absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not 
believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons 
ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person 
is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in 
business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would 
constitute an unreasonably small capital and (e) such Person is able to pay 
its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as 
they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent 
liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light 
of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the 
amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured 
liability.

SPC has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(g).

Special Determination has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(ii).

Subordinated Collateral Trust Agreement has the meaning specified in the 
Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement.

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of 
the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power 
for the election of directors or other governing body (other than 
securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening 
of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of 
which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
neither (i) any Royalty Trust nor (ii) any future venture contemplated by 
Section 7.02(h) shall be considered to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for purposes of any Loan Document, 
except that any of the foregoing entities may be consolidated with the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary for purposes of such Persons financial 
statements. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a 
Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or 
Subsidiaries of the Borrower.

Subsidiary Redesignation has the meaning set forth in the definition of 
Unrestricted Subsidiary.

Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, 
credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, 
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index 
swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or 
forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, 
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap 
transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap 
transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot 
contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of 
the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), 
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master 
agreement and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related 
confirmations, which are subject to the terms and
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any 
International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master 
agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, 
a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under 
any Master Agreement.

Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation to pay 
or perform under any Swap Contract.

Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap 
Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable 
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or 
after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination 
value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s) and 
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) 
determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as 
determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available 
quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which 
may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person 
under (a) a so called synthetic, offbalance sheet or tax retention lease 
or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating 
obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but 
which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be 
characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to 
accounting treatment).

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, 
deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any 
Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or 
penalties applicable thereto.

Threshold Amount means $25,000,000.

Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all 
Committed Loans and all L/C Obligations.

Transactions means, collectively, (a) the entering into and effectiveness 
of the senior credit facility under this Agreement (including in respect of 
any amendment, restatement, amendment and restatement, supplement or 
modification of this Agreement), (b) the other transactions related to each 
of the foregoing and (c) the payment of the fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with the consummation of the foregoing.

Treasury Management Services Agreement means any agreement to provide 
cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, 
credit, debit or purchasing card, electronic funds transfer and other cash 
management arrangements to the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base 
Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New 
York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or 
non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral 
is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction 
other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code 
as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of 
the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or 
non-perfection or priority.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plans benefit 
liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of 
that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions 
used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for 
the applicable plan year.

United States and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(d)(i).

Unrestricted Subsidiary means (1) any Subsidiary of the Borrower 
designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder by 
written notice to the Administrative Agent; provided that the Borrower 
shall only be permitted to so designate a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default or Borrowing Base 
Deficiency has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (b) 
immediately after giving effect to such designation, the Borrower shall be 
in compliance on a pro forma basis with the each Financial Covenant set 
forth in Section 7.11, (c) such Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be 
capitalized (to the extent capitalized by the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries) through Investments as permitted by, and in 
compliance with, Section 7.02, (d) for purposes of clause (c) such 
designation shall be deemed an Investment in an amount equal to the net 
book value of the total investment of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary, and (e) the Borrower shall 
have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate 
executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying compliance 
with the requirements of preceding clauses (a) through (d), and containing 
the calculations and information required by the preceding clause (b) and 
(2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The Borrower may 
designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary for 
purposes of this Agreement (each, a Subsidiary Redesignation); provided 
that (i) no Default or Event of Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency has 
occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) immediately 
after giving effect to such Subsidiary Redesignation, the Borrower shall be 
in compliance on a pro forma basis with each Financial Covenant set forth 
in Section 7.11 and (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the 
Administrative Agent an officers certificate executed by a Responsible 
Officer of the Borrower, certifying compliance with the requirements of 
preceding clauses (i) and (ii), and containing the calculations and 
information required by the preceding clause (ii).

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA 
Resolution Authority, the write down and conversion powers of such EEA 
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for 
the applicable EEA Member Country, which write down and conversion powers 
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

Section 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this 
Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein 
or in such other Loan Document:

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and 
plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any 
pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter 
forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to 
be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be 
construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless 
the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any 
agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization 
Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or 
other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise 
modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or 
modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any 
reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons 
successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, 
and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any 
particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to 
Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to 
Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document 
in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include 
all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing 
or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, 
unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and 
property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to 
refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, 
including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later 
specified date, the word from means from and including, the words to 
and until each mean to but excluding, and the word through means to 
and including.

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included 
for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation 
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.


Section 1.03 Accounting Terms.

(a) Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined 
herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data 
(including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to 
be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity 
with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, 
applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited 
Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

(b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the 
computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan 
Document, and either the Borrower or the Majority Lenders shall so request, 
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in 
good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original 
intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of 
the Majority Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or 
requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to 
such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other 
documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested 
hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio 
or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP; 
provided, further, that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used 
herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios 
referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election 
under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to 
as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other 
Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a 
similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of 
the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) 
any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments 
under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting 
Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar 
result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated 
manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be 
valued at the full stated principal amount thereof.

Section 1.04 Petroleum Terms. As used herein, the terms proved reserves, 
proved developed reserves, proved developed producing reserves, proved 
developed nonproducing reserves and proved undeveloped reserves shall be 
determined in accordance with Petroleum Industry Standards.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.05 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by 
the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing 
the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to 
one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed 
herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a 
rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

Section 1.06 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references 
herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or 
standard, as applicable).

Section 1.07 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, 
the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the 
stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, 
however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or 
the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more 
automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter 
of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of 
Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such 
maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.

Section 1.08 Available Amount Transactions. If more than one action occurs 
on any given date the permissibility of the taking of which is determined 
hereunder by reference to the amount of the Available Amount immediately 
prior to the taking of such action, the permissibility of the taking of 
each such action shall be determined independently and in no event may any 
two or more such actions be treated as occurring simultaneously, i.e., each 
transaction must be permitted under the Available Amount as so calculated.

Section 1.09 Pro Forma Compliance Calculations. For purposes of determining 
the satisfaction of any provision of this Agreement that requires the 
Borrower to be in compliance on a pro forma basis with one or more of the 
Financial Covenants during any period during which one or more of such 
Financial Covenants is not yet required to be tested, the Borrower shall be 
required to be in compliance on a pro forma basis with the initial testing 
level set forth for any such Financial Covenant.


ARTICLE II
THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

Section 2.01 Committed Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
herein, each Lender severally, but not jointly, agrees to make loans 
denominated in Dollars (each such loan, a Committed Loan) to the Borrower 
from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in 
an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of 
such Lenders Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to 
any Committed Borrowing and the application by the Administrative Agent of 
the proceeds thereof, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the 
Facility Limit and (ii) the Aggregate Exposure of any Lender shall not 
exceed the lesser of such Lenders (A) Commitment and (B) Applicable 
Percentage of the Facility Limit. Within the limits of each Lenders 
Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the 
Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.06, and 
reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans or 
Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein.


Section 2.02 Committed Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of 
Committed Loans.

(a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one 
Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be 
made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent in 
the form of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must 
be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Business Days prior to the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of, 
conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion 
of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans and (ii) on the Business Day 
prior to any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Committed 
Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall 
be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in 
excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(d), each Committed 
Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal 
amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. 
Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is 
requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one 
Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the 
requested date of the Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as 
the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount 
of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of 
Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to 
be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period 
with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed 
Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely 
notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable 
Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any 
such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the 
last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the 
applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests a Committed 
Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in 
any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it 
will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month.

(b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent 
shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable 
Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a 
conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative 
Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion 
to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding clause (a). In the case of a 
Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed 
Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds 
at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the 
Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon 
satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02, the 
Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the 
Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by 
(i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the 
Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of 
such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and 
reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower.

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be 
continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such 
Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of an Event of Default, no 
Committed Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as 
Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Majority Lenders.

(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the 
Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for 
Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time 
that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify 
the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Administrative Agents 
prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public 
announcement of such change.

(e) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of 
Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of 
Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest 
Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.03 Letters of Credit.

(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment.

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C 
Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in 
this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the 
period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to 
issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, and to amend or 
extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with 
clause (c) below and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and 
(B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued 
for the account of the Borrower and any drawings thereunder; provided that 
after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter 
of Credit, (x) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Facility Limit, 
(y) the Aggregate Exposure of any Lender, shall not exceed the lesser of 
such Lenders (I) Commitment and (II) the Applicable Percentage of the 
Facility Limit and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall 
not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for 
the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a 
representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested 
complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding 
sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and 
conditions hereof, the Borrowers ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall 
be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing 
period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have 
expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed.

(ii) The L/C Issuers shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if:

(A) subject to Section 2.03(c)(iii), the expiry date of such requested 
Letter of Credit would occur more than twenty-four months after the date of 
issuance or last extension, unless the Majority Lenders have approved such 
expiry date; or

(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after 
the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved 
such expiry date.

(iii) An L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter 
of Credit if:

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or 
arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the applicable 
L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the 
applicable L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having 
the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over 
the applicable L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the applicable 
L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or 
such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the applicable L/C 
Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or 
capital requirement (for which the applicable L/C Issuer is not otherwise 
compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose 
upon the applicable L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which 
was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the applicable L/C Issuer 
in good faith deems material to it;

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more 
policies of the applicable L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit 
generally;

(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the 
applicable L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount 
less than $50,000;
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(D) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than 
Dollars; or

(E) a default of any Lenders obligations to fund under Section 2.01 
exists or any Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender hereunder, unless 
the applicable L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including delivery 
of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer (in its sole 
discretion) either with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the 
applicable L/C Issuers risk with respect to such Lenders Applicable 
Percentage of the Letter of Credit then requested to be issued.

(iv) Each L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if such L/C 
Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit 
in its amended form under the terms hereof.

(v) The L/C Issuers shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of 
Credit if (A) the applicable L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such 
time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms 
hereof or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the 
proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.

(vi) Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any 
Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and 
the L/C Issuers shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided 
to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or 
omissions suffered by the applicable L/C Issuer in connection with Letters 
of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents 
pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term 
Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the applicable L/C 
Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions and (B) as additionally 
provided herein with respect to the applicable L/C Issuer.

(b) [Reserved].


(c) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto
-Extension and Auto-Reinstatement Letters of Credit.

(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, 
upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the applicable L/C Issuer 
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit 
Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of 
the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the 
applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 
a.m. at least three Business Days (or such later date and time as the 
Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree in a 
particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed 
issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a 
request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of 
Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the 
applicable L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested 
Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; 
(C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary 
thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of 
any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be 
presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G) 
such other matters as the applicable L/C Issuer may require. In the case of 
a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter 
of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the 
applicable L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the 
proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the 
nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the 
applicable L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish 
to the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other 
documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit 
issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the applicable 
L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the 
applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (in 
writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter 
of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the applicable L/C 
Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless 
the applicable L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the 
Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to 
the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of 
Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Section 4.02 
shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions 
hereof, the applicable L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a 
Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the 
applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with 
the applicable L/C Issuers usual and customary business practices. 
Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall 
be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, 
purchase from the applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter 
of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders Applicable 
Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit.

(iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit 
Application, the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension 
provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any 
such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the applicable L/C Issuer 
to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period 
(commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving 
prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non
-Extension Notice Date) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon 
at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by 
the applicable L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a 
specific request to the applicable L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once 
an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be 
deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer 
to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry 
date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, 
however, that the applicable L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension 
if (A) the applicable L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be 
permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter 
of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by 
reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or 
otherwise) or (B) it has received notice (in writing) on or before the day 
that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from 
the Administrative Agent that the Majority Lenders have elected not to 
permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or 
the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in 
Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the 
applicable L/C Issuer not to permit such extension.

(iv) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit 
Application, the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that permits the automatic 
reinstatement of all or a portion of the stated amount thereof after any 
drawing thereunder (each, an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit). Unless 
otherwise directed by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be 
required to make a specific request to the applicable L/C Issuer to permit 
such reinstatement. Once an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit has been 
issued, except as provided in the following sentence, the Lenders shall be 
deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer 
to reinstate all or a portion of the stated amount thereof in accordance 
with the provisions of such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if such Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit permits the 
applicable L/C Issuer to decline to reinstate all or any portion of the 
stated amount thereof after a drawing thereunder by giving notice of such 
non-reinstatement within a specified number of days after such drawing (the 
Non-Reinstatement Deadline), the applicable L/C Issuer shall
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
not permit such reinstatement if it has received a notice (in writing) on 
or before the day that is five Business Days before the Non-Reinstatement 
Deadline (A) from the Administrative Agent that the Majority Lenders have 
elected not to permit such reinstatement or (B) from the Administrative 
Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable 
conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied (treating such 
reinstatement as an L/C Credit Extension for purposes of this clause (iv)) 
and, in each case, directing the applicable L/C Issuer not to permit such 
reinstatement.

(v) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to 
a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the 
beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such 
Letter of Credit or amendment. On a monthly basis, each L/C Issuer shall 
deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) a 
complete list of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by such L/C 
Issuer.


(d) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations.

(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice 
of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall 
notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 
11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a 
Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date), the Borrower shall 
reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an 
amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Borrower fails to so 
reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent 
shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the 
unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount), and the amount of such 
Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall 
be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be 
disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, 
without regard to (A) the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 
for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans and (B) the conditions set 
forth in Section 4.02, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion 
(calculated after giving effect to the application by the Administrative 
Agent of the proceeds of such Committed Borrowing) of the Aggregate 
Commitments. Any notice given by the applicable L/C Issuer or the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(d)(i) may be given by 
telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of 
such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or 
binding effect of such notice.

(ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(d)(i) make 
funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the 
applicable L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agents Office in an amount 
equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later 
than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the 
Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 
2.03(d)(iii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to 
have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The 
Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable 
L/C Issuer.

(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced 
by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set 
forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the 
Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L/C Issuer an 
L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so 
refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand 
(together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In 
such event, each Lenders payment to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(d)(ii) shall 
be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and 
shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its 
participation obligation under this Section 2.03.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) Until each Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to 
this Section 2.03(d) to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for any amount 
drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lenders 
Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the 
applicable L/C Issuer.

(v) Each Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans or L/C Advances to 
reimburse the L/C Issuers for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as 
contemplated by this Section 2.03(d), shall be absolute and unconditional 
and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have 
against the applicable L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any 
reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default; or (C) 
any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of 
the foregoing. Each Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to 
this Section 2.03(d) shall not be subject to the conditions set forth in 
Section 4.02. No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise 
impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable L/C 
Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any 
Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.

(vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for 
the account of the applicable L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by 
such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(d) by 
the time specified in Section 2.03(d)(ii), the applicable L/C Issuer shall 
be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative 
Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from 
the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is 
immediately available to the applicable L/C Issuer at a rate per annum 
equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the 
applicable L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on 
interbank compensation. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and 
fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders 
Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or L/C Advance 
in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate 
of the applicable L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the 
Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause 
(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(vii) In the event the Borrower or any Lender shall have entered into the 
arrangements contemplated pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(iii)(E) with respect 
to the applicable L/C Issuers risk with respect to another Lenders 
Applicable Percentage of any Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer 
shall be entitled immediately to exercise its rights under any such 
arrangement and apply any funds received by it as a result thereof to such 
Lenders Applicable Percentage of any Unreimbursed Amount with respect to 
such Letter of Credit.


(e) Repayment of Participations.

(i) At any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of 
Credit and has received from any Lender such Lenders L/C Advance in 
respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(d), if the 
Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any 
payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon 
(whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of 
Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the 
Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable 
Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the 
Administrative Agent.

(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of 
an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(d)(i) is required to be returned 
under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including 
pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L/C Issuer in its
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of such L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of 
the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such 
demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per 
annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The 
obligations of the Lenders under this clause (ii) shall survive the payment 
in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

(f) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the 
L/C Issuers for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each 
L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall 
be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all 
circumstances, including the following:

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this 
Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other 
right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any 
beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for 
whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the 
applicable L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this 
Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit 
or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated 
transaction;

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such 
Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient 
in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any 
respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any 
document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv) any payment by an L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against 
presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with 
the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by an L/C Issuer 
under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in 
bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, 
liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any 
beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any 
arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or

(v) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar 
to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might 
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary.

The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and 
each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any 
claim of noncompliance with the Borrowers instructions or other 
irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the applicable L/C 
Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such 
claim against the applicable L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such 
notice is given as aforesaid.

(g) Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying 
any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall not 
have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, 
certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or 
to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document 
or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. 
None of the L/C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective 
Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C 
Issuers shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted 
in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders 
or the Majority Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, each as 
determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent 
jurisdiction; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or 
enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of 
Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the 
acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use 
of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not 
intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights 
and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or 
under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuers, the Administrative 
Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, 
participant or assignee of the applicable L/C Issuer shall be liable or 
responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of 
Section 2.03(f); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the 
contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the 
applicable L/C Issuer, and the applicable L/C Issuer may be liable to the 
Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed 
to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the 
Borrower proves were caused by the applicable L/C Issuers willful 
misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuers willful failure, in 
each case as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, to pay under any Letter of Credit after the 
presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) 
strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In 
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuers may 
accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without 
responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or 
information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuers shall not be responsible 
for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning 
or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or 
benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may 
prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason.

(h) Cash Collateral. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, (i) if 
an L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any 
Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing or (ii) 
if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any 
reason remains outstanding, the Borrower shall, in each case, immediately 
Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations. 
Sections 2.06 and 8.02(c) set forth certain additional requirements to 
deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.03, 
Section 2.06 and Section 8.02(c), Cash Collateralize means to pledge and 
deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the 
applicable L/C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C 
Obligations, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in 
form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the 
applicable L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the 
Lenders). Such cash and deposit account balances are referred to herein, 
collectively, as the Cash Collateral. Derivatives of such term have 
corresponding meanings. The Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative 
Agent, for the benefit of the applicable L/C Issuer and the Lenders, a 
security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances 
therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be 
maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at the 
Administrative Agent.

(i) Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the 
applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, 
the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit.

(j) Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative 
Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable 
Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee) for each 
Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily amount 
available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit; provided that, in the 
event the Borrower has entered into an arrangement with the applicable L/C 
Issuer with respect to the applicable L/C Issuers risk with respect to any 
Lenders obligation to fund its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed 
Amount with respect to such Letter of Credit as contemplated in Section 
2.03(a)(iii)(E) hereof, no such Letter of Credit
 
41

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fee shall accrue or be deemed to have accrued, or be owing or payable by 
the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender 
with respect to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Letter of 
Credit Fee until such time as the applicable L/C Issuer determines in its 
reasonable discretion that such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender. 
For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any 
Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined 
in accordance with Section 1.07. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and 
payable on the fifth Business Day after the end of each March, June, 
September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after 
the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration 
Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in 
arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, 
the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be 
computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period 
during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (A) upon the 
request of the Majority Lenders, while any Event of Default exists and (B) 
automatically, upon any Event of Default under Section 8.01(f), all Letter 
of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.

(k) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C 
Issuers. The Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for 
its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at 
the rate of 0.125% per annum (but in no event less than $500.00 per annum 
or $125.00 per quarter) with respect to each Letter of Credit, computed on 
the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a 
quarterly basis in arrears, and due and payable on the fifth Business Day 
after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the 
most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of 
the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the 
issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date 
and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount 
available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter 
of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.07. In addition, 
the Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own 
account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other 
processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer 
relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such 
customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand 
and are nonrefundable.

(l) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between 
the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof 
shall control.

Section 2.04 [Reserved].


Section 2.05 Borrowing Base.

(a) Initial Borrowing Base. During the period from the Effective Date until 
the next Determination Date the Borrowing Base shall be $425,000,000, 
subject to adjustment or reduction, as applicable, as set forth in 
Sections 2.05(c), 2.05(d) and 2.05(e).

(b) Subsequent Determinations of the Borrowing Base. Upon each designation 
of a new Borrowing Base on a Scheduled Determination or a Special 
Determination, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of the 
new Borrowing Base which designation shall take effect immediately on the 
date such notice is sent (each such date (including the Closing Date), a 
Determination Date) and shall remain in effect until, but not including, 
the next Determination Date. The Borrowing Base shall be determined in 
accordance with the following methodology:

(i) By April 1 and October 1 of each year beginning October 1, 2017, the 
Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies 
for each Lender of any information provided on paper, computer disks, or 
other tangible media) the Engineering Report then
 
42

------------------------------------------------------------------------
required under Section 6.01(e) or Section 6.01(f) together with all 
information, reports and data that the Administrative Agent requests 
concerning the businesses and properties of the Borrower and the other Loan 
Parties (including their Oil and Gas Properties and the reserves and 
production relating thereto). As promptly as reasonably practicable after 
receiving such Engineering Report, information, reports and data, the 
Administrative Agent shall propose a Borrowing Base following the 
procedures set forth in Section 2.05(b)(iii) below. Each such determination 
of the Borrowing Base is herein called a Scheduled Determination. If the 
Borrower does not furnish all such information, reports and data by the 
date specified in the first sentence of this clause (i), the Administrative 
Agent may nonetheless designate the Borrowing Base at any amount that 
Required Lenders determine (or, in the case of an increase, that all the 
Lenders determine) and the Borrowing Base may similarly be designated from 
time to time thereafter until each Lender receives all such information, 
reports and data, whereupon the Lenders shall designate a new Borrowing 
Base as described above.

(ii) In addition to Scheduled Determinations, the Borrower may request the 
Lenders to make additional determinations of the Borrowing Base twice 
during any fiscal year between Scheduled Determinations, and the 
Administrative Agent also may (and at the request of the Required Lenders 
must) request the Lenders to make an additional determination of the 
Borrowing Base (x) once during any fiscal year between Scheduled 
Determinations and (y) in connection with any Royalty Trust Redetermination 
Trigger Event. The Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrower 
of any such request made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders. The 
Borrower shall submit any such request made by the Borrower to the 
Administrative Agent and each Lender and, at the time of such request, the 
Borrower shall (A) deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender an 
updated Engineering Report prepared either by the Borrower or any Approved 
Petroleum Engineer and (B) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
of the Borrowing Base requested by the Borrower. Any determination of the 
Borrowing Base made pursuant to a request under this clause (ii) is herein 
called a Special Determination. Any Special Determination shall be made 
by Lenders in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 
2.05(b)(iii); provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be required to 
deliver an updated Engineering Report to the Administrative Agent and 
Lenders in connection with any Special Determination requested by the 
Administrative Agent.

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall propose to the Lenders a specific 
Borrowing Base amount for the Lenders to approve or disapprove, (x) in the 
case of a Scheduled Determination, (A) if the Administrative Agent shall 
have received the Engineering Report and all information, reports and data 
requested by it in connection therewith in a timely manner, then on or 
before April 15 and October 15th of such year following the date of 
delivery or (B) if the Administrative Agent shall not have received the 
Engineering Report and all information, reports and data requested by it in 
connection therewith in a timely manner, then promptly after the 
Administrative Agent has received such Engineering Report and all 
information, reports and data requested by it in connection therewith and 
has had a reasonable opportunity to determine the Borrowing Base in 
accordance with Section 2.05(b)(i); and (y) in the case of a Special 
Determination, promptly, and in any event, within 15 days after the 
Administrative Agent shall have received the Engineering Report and all 
information, reports and data requested by it in connection therewith. 
Within 15 days after the date referred to in the foregoing clause (iii)(x) 
or (iii)(y), as applicable, each Lender shall respond to the Administrative 
Agent in writing, either approving such proposed amount or setting out a 
reasonable alternative amount (based on the criteria described in clause 
(iv) below), and any Lenders failure to respond to such proposal within 
such time will be deemed a disapproval of the proposed amount. After 
receiving such responses or deemed responses from all Lenders, the 
Administrative Agent will designate the new Borrowing Base at the highest 
amount approved (I) by all Lenders, in the case of an increase to the then 
current Borrowing Base, or (II) at the highest amount approved by the 
Required Lenders, in the case of a reduction to or continuation of the then 
current Borrowing Base.
 
43

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) Each redetermination of the Borrowing Base pursuant to this Section 
2.05 shall be made in good faith by all of the Lenders and the 
Administrative Agent, in the exercise of their reasonable discretion and in 
accordance with their respective customary and prudent standards for oil 
and gas lending and credit transactions as they exist at such time and 
taking into account any Oil and Gas Hedge Transactions that are in place 
with respect to the production of Hydrocarbons from the Oil and Gas 
Properties owned by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. Without 
limiting such discretion, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders (A) may make such assumptions 
regarding appropriate existing and projected pricing for Hydrocarbons as 
they deem appropriate in their discretion, (B) may make such assumptions 
regarding projected rates and quantities of future production of 
Hydrocarbons from the Oil and Gas Properties owned by the Borrower and the 
other Loan Parties as they deem appropriate in their discretion, (C) may 
consider the projected cash requirements of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, (D) are not required to consider any asset other than Proved 
Reserves owned by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties and (E) may make 
such other assumptions, considerations and exclusions as they deem 
appropriate in the exercise of their discretion. It is further acknowledged 
and agreed that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may consider such 
other credit factors as they deem appropriate in the exercise of their 
discretion (including, without limitation, the status of title information 
with respect to the Borrowing Base Properties as described in the 
Engineering Reports and the existence of any other Indebtedness).

(c) Reduction of Borrowing Base Upon Incurrence of Junior Lien Debt and 
Unsecured Indebtedness. Upon (x) the issuance or incurrence by the Borrower 
or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Junior Lien Debt and/or unsecured 
Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.03(l) (other than to the extent 
constituting Refinanced Indebtedness incurred to refinance such 
Indebtedness, but only to the extent that the aggregate principal amount of 
Refinanced Indebtedness incurred to refinance such Indebtedness does not 
result in beyond any amounts permitted pursuant to clause (i) of the 
proviso to the definition of Refinanced Indebtedness) and/or (y) the 
creation of a Lien on any property, assets or revenues of the Borrower or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries securing the Convertible Notes (or any 
portion thereof), then, in each case, the Borrowing Base then in effect 
shall immediately and automatically be reduced by an amount equal to the 
product of 0.25 multiplied by the aggregate principal amount of such Junior 
Lien Debt, unsecured Indebtedness or Convertible Notes, as applicable, 
(without, for the avoidance of doubt, regard to any original issue 
discount); provided that no such adjustment shall be required in connection 
with the Convertible Notes outstanding on the Closing Date to the extent 
such Convertible Notes are not (nor is any portion thereof) secured in 
accordance with their terms.

(d) Reduction of Borrowing Base Upon Hedge Terminations. Upon the 
completion of any early termination or unwinding of, or the creation of any 
off-setting position in respect of, any Hedge Transaction used in 
determining the Borrowing Base on the immediately preceding Determination 
Date, the effect of which termination, unwinding or off-setting position, 
when combined with the effect of each other such termination, unwinding 
and/or off-setting position that has occurred since the immediately 
preceding Determination Date, would be a reduction in the Borrowing Base 
then in effect of 5.0% or more on a pro forma basis, the Borrowing Base 
then in effect shall immediately and automatically be reduced by the 
Borrowing Base contribution of such Hedge Transaction contemporaneously 
with the consummation of such transaction.

(e) Reduction of Borrowing Base Upon Dispositions and Casualty Events. Upon 
the completion of any Disposition of, or Casualty Event with respect to, 
any assets included in the Borrowing Base on the immediately preceding 
Determination Date, the effect of which Disposition or Casualty Event, when 
combined with the effect of each other such Disposition and/or Casualty 
Event that has occurred since the immediately preceding Determination Date, 
would be a reduction in the Borrowing Base then in effect of 5.0% or more 
on a pro forma basis, the Borrowing Base then in effect shall immediately 
and automatically be reduced by the Borrowing Base contribution of such 
assets contemporaneously with the consummation of such Disposition or the 
occurrence of such Casualty Event, as applicable.
 
44

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Royalty Trusts. It is understood and agreed that both the initial 
Borrowing Base and each subsequent Borrowing Base shall be calculated to 
include SandRidge E&Ps proportionate share of the Oil and Gas Properties 
held by the Royalty Trusts, including all Proved Reserves and related 
Hydrocarbons from such Oil and Gas Properties, in each case, determined and 
redetermined, as applicable, in accordance with this Section 2.05; 
provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, in no event shall the value attributable to SandRidge E&Ps 
proportionate share of the Oil and Gas Properties held by the Royalty 
Trusts, in the aggregate, constitute more than 12.5% of the aggregate value 
of the Proved Reserves used to determine the Borrowing Base.


Section 2.06 Prepayments.

(a) Optional. The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative 
Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans 
in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such 
notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 
a.m. (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar 
Rate Loans and (B) one Business Day prior to the date of any prepayment of 
Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a 
principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess 
thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a 
principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess 
thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then 
outstanding; provided, further, that any such notice may state that such 
notice is conditioned upon effectiveness of other financing or the 
occurrence of other events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the 
Borrower, by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date 
specified therein if such condition is not satisfied. Each such notice 
shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto and specify the date 
and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be 
prepaid and, if Eurodollar Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest 
Period(s) of such Committed Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly 
notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of 
such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is 
given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the 
payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the 
date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be 
accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with 
any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Each such 
prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in 
accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages.


(b) Mandatory.

(i) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the 
Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately (x) 
prepay Committed Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to such 
excess and (y) if any excess remains after prepaying all Committed Loans as 
a result of outstanding L/C Obligations, pay to the Administrative Agent, 
on behalf of the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, an aggregate amount equal to 
such excess in order to Cash Collateralize such outstanding L/C 
Obligations.

(ii) Upon any determination of or adjustment to the amount of the Borrowing 
Base pursuant to Section 2.05 (other than pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 
2.05(d) or 2.05(e)), if a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists, the Borrower 
shall, within ten days after being notified of such Borrowing Base 
Deficiency, provide an irrevocable written notice (the Election Notice) 
to Lender stating the action which Borrower proposes to take to remedy such 
Borrowing Base Deficiency, and the Borrower shall
 
45

------------------------------------------------------------------------
thereafter do one or a combination of the following (as elected by the 
Borrower pursuant to the Election Notice) in an aggregate amount sufficient 
to eliminate such Borrowing Base Deficiency:

(A) within ten days following the delivery (or required delivery) of such 
Election Notice, make a prepayment of the Committed Loans (and, if a 
Borrowing Base Deficiency remains after prepaying all of the Committed 
Loans as a result of outstanding L/C Obligations, pay to the Administrative 
Agent, on behalf of the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, an aggregate amount 
equal to such remaining deficiency in order to Cash Collateralize such 
outstanding L/C Obligations);

(B) pay in six equal monthly installments of the Outstanding Amount of the 
Committed Loans (and, if a Borrowing Base Deficiency remains after 
prepaying all of the Committed Loans as a result of outstanding L/C 
Obligations, pay to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the L/C Issuers 
and the Lenders, an aggregate amount equal to such remaining deficiency in 
order to Cash Collateralize such outstanding L/C Obligations) over a term 
and in an amount satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (but in any 
event, with the first such monthly installment to be due on the thirtieth 
day following delivery of the Election Notice and each subsequent 
installment being equal to 1/6 of the aggregate amount of such Borrowing 
Base Deficiency due and payable on the dame date in each applicable 
subsequent calendar month), by immediately dedicating a sufficient amount 
of monthly cash flow from the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and 
the other Loan Parties; and/or

(C) within thirty days following the delivery of the Election Notice, grant 
the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, a 
first-priority Lien, pursuant to Collateral in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, on additional Oil and Gas 
Properties not evaluated in the most recently delivered Engineering Report 
to the Administrative Agent and with an aggregate PV9 Pricing attributable 
thereto sufficient to eliminate such deficiency; provided that, in no event 
may the Borrower elect the option specified in this clause (ii)(C) (in 
whole or in part) if fewer than ninety-one days remain until the Maturity 
Date.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all payments required to 
be made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(ii) must, in any event, be made on 
or prior to the Maturity Date. In the event the Borrower fails to provide 
an Election Notice to the Administrative Agent within the ten day period 
referred to above, the Borrower shall be deemed to have irrevocably elected 
the option set forth in clause (ii)(B). The failure of the Borrower to 
comply with any of the options elected (including any deemed election) 
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06(b)(ii) and specified in 
such Election Notice (or relating to such deemed election) shall constitute 
an immediate Event of Default.

(iii) Upon any adjustment to the amount of the Borrowing Base pursuant to 
Section 2.05(c), 2.05(d) or 2.05(e), if a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists, 
then the Borrower shall, in each case, within two Business Days after the 
consummation or occurrence of the event or events giving rise to such 
Borrowing Base adjustment, prepay Committed Loans in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to such deficiency and (y) if any deficiency remains after 
prepaying all Committed Loans as a result of outstanding L/C Obligations, 
pay to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the L/C Issuers and the 
Lenders, an aggregate amount equal to such excess in order to Cash 
Collateralize such outstanding L/C Obligations; provided that, 
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all payments required to 
be made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii) must, in any event, be made 
on or prior to the Maturity Date.

Section 2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The Borrower may, 
upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate 
Commitments, or from time to time permanently
 
46

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall 
be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. three 
Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such 
partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or any 
whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrower shall 
not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect 
thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings 
would exceed the Aggregate Commitments and (iv) if, after giving effect to 
any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit 
exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Sublimit shall be 
automatically reduced by the amount of such excess; provided, further, that 
any such notice may state that such notice is conditioned upon 
effectiveness of other financing or the occurrence of other events, in 
which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower by notice to the 
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date specified therein if such 
condition is not satisfied. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify 
the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate 
Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to 
the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All 
fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate 
Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

Section 2.08 Repayment of Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on 
the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans 
outstanding on such date, together with all accrued but unpaid interest 
thereon.


Section 2.09 Interest.

(a) Subject to the provisions of clause (b) below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate 
Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for 
each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for 
such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and (ii) each Base Rate Loan 
shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the 
applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 
the Applicable Rate.

(b) (1) If any amount of principal of any Committed Loan is not paid when 
due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated 
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear 
interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the 
Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(i) If any amount (other than principal of any Committed Loan) payable by 
the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard 
to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by 
acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Majority Lenders, 
such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate 
per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable Laws.

(ii) (A) Upon the request of the Majority Lenders, while any Event of 
Default exists or (B) automatically, while any Event of Default under 
Section 8.01(f) exists, the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal 
amount of all outstanding Committed Loans hereunder at a fluctuating 
interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest 
on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

(c) Interest on each Committed Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as 
may be specified herein. Interest
 
47

------------------------------------------------------------------------
hereunder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, at the Default Rate) 
shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and 
after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law.

Section 2.10 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in clauses (j) and 
(k) of Section 2.03:

(a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for 
the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a 
commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) equal to the Applicable Rate times 
the daily amount of the Available Borrowing Base. The Commitment Fee shall 
accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time 
during which one or more of the conditions in Section 4.02 is not met, and 
shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of 
each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such 
date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the 
Availability Period. The Commitment Fee shall be calculated quarterly in 
arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any 
quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the 
Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such 
Applicable Rate was in effect.

(b) Other Fees. (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the 
Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts 
and at the times specified in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter. Such 
fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any 
reason whatsoever.

(ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been 
separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so 
specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be 
refundable for any reason whatsoever.

Section 2.11 Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest 
for Base Rate Loans (if the Base Rate is determined in reliance on clause 
(ii) of the definition thereof) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 
or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other 
computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day 
year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as 
applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). 
Interest shall accrue on each Committed Loan for the day on which the 
Committed Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Committed Loan, or any 
portion thereof, for the day on which the Committed Loan or such portion is 
paid; provided that any Committed Loan that is repaid on the same day on 
which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.13(a), bear interest for one 
day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or 
fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent 
manifest error.


Section 2.12 Evidence of Debt.

(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or 
more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the 
Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or 
records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions 
made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. 
Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit 
or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any 
amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict 
between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts 
and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the 
accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the 
absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the 
Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender 
(through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such 
Lenders Committed Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each 
Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type 
(if applicable), amount and maturity of its Committed Loans and payments 
with respect thereto.
 
48

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in clause (a), each 
Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its 
usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by 
such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any 
conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative 
Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such 
matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control 
in the absence of manifest error.


Section 2.13 Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a) General. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without 
condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower 
hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the 
respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative 
Agents Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 
2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will 
promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other 
applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as 
received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments 
received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed 
received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or 
fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower 
shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on 
the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be 
reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

(b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the 
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the 
proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in 
the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon 
on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make 
available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Committed 
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made 
such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in 
the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has 
made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by 
Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to 
the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in 
fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the 
Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally 
agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such 
corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, 
for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to 
the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative 
Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the 
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the 
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank 
compensation and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, 
the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such 
Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or 
an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the 
Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. 
If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the 
Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such 
Lenders Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment 
by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may 
have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the 
Administrative Agent.
 
49

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the 
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to 
the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers hereunder that the Borrower will 
not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the 
Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, 
in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C 
Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower 
has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C 
Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the 
Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such 
Lender or L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, 
for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it 
to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the 
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the 
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank 
compensation.

A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with 
respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, 
absent manifest error.

(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available 
to the Administrative Agent funds for any Committed Loan to be made by such 
Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such 
funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent 
because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in 
Section 4.02 are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms 
hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly return such funds (in like 
funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(d) Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders 
hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of 
Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and 
not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund 
any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any 
date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its 
corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be 
responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed 
Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 
10.04(c).

(e) Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender 
to obtain the funds for any Committed Loan in any particular place or 
manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained 
or will obtain the funds for any Committed Loan in any particular place or 
manner.

Section 2.14 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by 
exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment 
in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans 
made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it resulting 
in such Lenders receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount 
of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon 
greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender 
receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent 
of such fact and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in 
the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations of the other 
Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the 
benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in 
accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest 
on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them; provided 
that:

(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all 
or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such 
participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase 
price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and
 
50

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) the provisions of this Section 2.14 shall not be construed to apply to 
(x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the 
express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as 
consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of 
its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee 
or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to 
which the provisions of this Section 2.14 shall apply).

The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may 
effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a 
participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against 
the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such 
participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the 
Borrower in the amount of such participation.

Section 2.15 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, 
then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to 
the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(a) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees 
or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of 
such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, 
pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative 
Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied 
at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as 
follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting 
Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a 
pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C 
Issuer hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting 
Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender; fourth, as the Borrower 
may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the 
funding of any Committed Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender 
has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as 
determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the 
Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and 
released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders 
potential future funding obligations with respect to Committed Borrowings 
under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers future 
Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to 
future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment 
of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the L/C Issuers as a result of any 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any 
L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting 
Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long 
as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts 
owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a 
result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this 
Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed 
by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is 
a payment of the principal amount of any Committed Loan or L/C Advance in 
respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its 
appropriate share and (y) such Committed Loans were made or the related 
Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in 
Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely 
to pay the Committed Loans of, and L/C Advance owed to, all Non-Defaulting 
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any 
Committed Loans of, or L/C Advances owed to, such Defaulting Lender until 
such time as all Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in 
L/C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the 
Commitments under the facility without giving effect to Section 2.15(d). 
Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting 
Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting 
Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a) shall be 
deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender 
irrevocably consents hereto.
 
51

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Certain Fees.

(i) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee 
for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the 
Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would 
have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).

(ii) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit 
Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to 
the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of 
Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to 
Section 2.15(e).

(iii) With respect to any fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting 
Lender pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to 
each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable 
to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders 
participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such 
Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (c) below, (y) pay to each L/C 
Issuer the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting 
Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure to 
such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount 
of any such fee.

(c) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any 
part of such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations shall be 
reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their 
respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such 
Defaulting Lenders Commitment) but only to the extent that such 
reallocation does not cause the Aggregate Exposure of any Non-Defaulting 
Lender to exceed the lesser of such Non-Defaulting Lenders (i) Commitment 
and (ii) Applicable Percentage of the Facility Limit. Subject to Section 
2.15(g) below, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or 
release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender 
arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any 
claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting 
Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

(d) Cash Collateral. If the reallocation described in clause (c) above 
cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without 
prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under Law, 
Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with 
the procedures set forth in Section 2.03(h).

(e) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and 
each L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting 
Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, 
whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to 
any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with 
respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent 
applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Committed Loans of 
the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent 
may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and 
unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the 
Lenders in accordance with the Commitments under the applicable facility 
(without giving effect to Section 2.15(c)), whereupon such Lender will 
cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made 
retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf 
of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, 
further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the 
affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will 
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising 
from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
52

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) New Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no 
L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter 
of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure 
after giving effect thereto.

(g) Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any 
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each 
party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial 
Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability 
is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an 
EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and 
agrees to be bound by:

(i) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA 
Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be 
payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and

(ii) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if 
applicable:

(A) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(B) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or 
other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its 
parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or 
otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of 
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any 
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

(C) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the 
exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution 
Authority.


ARTICLE III
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

Section 3.01 Taxes.

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any 
obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall 
be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any 
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if the Borrower shall be 
required by applicable Law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any 
Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be 
increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions 
(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this 
Section 3.01) the Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case 
may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no 
such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and 
(iii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the 
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law.

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting the provisions 
of clause (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the 
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law.

(c) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the 
Administrative Agent, each Lender and the L/C Issuers, within 10 days after 
demand therefor, for the full
 
53

------------------------------------------------------------------------
amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes 
or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable 
under this Section 3.01) paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or 
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable 
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such 
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or 
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the 
amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender 
or L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the 
Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an L/C 
Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of 
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental 
Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the 
original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental 
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such 
payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent.

(e) Status of Lenders. Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption 
from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in 
which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to which 
such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under 
any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the 
Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law or 
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such 
properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law 
as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced 
rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower 
or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation 
prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative 
Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup 
withholding or information reporting requirements.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the 
Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States, any Foreign 
Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such 
number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the 
date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement 
(and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled 
to do so), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN, 
W-8BEN-E or applicable W-8 claiming eligibility for benefits of an income 
tax treaty to which the United States is a party;

(ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI;

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the 
exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a 
certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank 
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent 
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of 
the Code or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 
881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue 
Service Forms W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or applicable W-8; or

(iv) any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming 
exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly 
completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be 
prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower to determine the 
withholding or deduction required to be made.
 
54

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the 
Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States, if a payment 
made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with 
the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained 
in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender 
shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or 
times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by 
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by 
applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the 
Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the 
Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower 
and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA 
and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders 
obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold 
from such payment. For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed 
under FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the 
Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a 
grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i).

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent, any Lender 
or an L/C Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a 
refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by 
the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional 
amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the Borrower an 
amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments 
made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 
with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net 
of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or 
such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any 
interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such 
refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative 
Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, agrees to repay the amount paid over 
to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by 
the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such 
Lender or such L/C Issuer in the event the Administrative Agent, such 
Lender or such L/C Issuer is required to repay such refund to such 
Governmental Authority. This clause (f) shall not be construed to require 
the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer to make available 
its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it 
deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this clause (f), in no event will the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the 
Borrower pursuant to this clause (f), the payment of which would place the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax 
position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if 
the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such 
refund had never been paid.

Section 3.02 Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Law has made it 
unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is 
unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain 
or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates 
based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed 
material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, 
or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on 
notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative 
Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate 
Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be 
suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the 
Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer 
exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, upon demand from 
such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if 
applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate 
Loans, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such 
Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such 
day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain 
such Eurodollar Rate Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the 
Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or 
converted.
 
55

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. If the Majority Lenders 
determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a 
Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (a) 
Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank 
eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such 
Eurodollar Rate Loan, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for 
determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with 
respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or (c) the Eurodollar Rate for 
any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate 
Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of 
funding such Committed Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so 
notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the 
Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until 
the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Majority Lenders) 
revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke 
any pending request for a Committed Borrowing of, conversion to or 
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to 
have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of 
Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein.


Section 3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans.

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, 
compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, 
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in 
by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 
3.04(e)) or any L/C Issuer;

(ii) subject any Lender or any L/C Issuer to any tax of any kind whatsoever 
with respect to its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments 
or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves or other liabilities 
attributable thereto (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered 
by Section 3.01 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any 
Excluded Tax payable by such Lender or L/C Issuer); or

(iii) impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or the London interbank market 
any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar 
Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation 
therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to 
such Lender of making, continuing, converting to or maintaining any 
Eurodollar Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such 
Committed Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer 
of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of 
maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of 
Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such 
Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any 
other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the 
Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, 
such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such 
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or 
reduction suffered.

(b) Capital or Liquidity Requirements. If any Lender or any L/C Issuer 
determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer 
or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or such L/C Issuers 
holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or 
would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or 
such L/C Issuers capital or
 
56

------------------------------------------------------------------------
liquidity, or on the capital or liquidity of such Lenders or such L/C 
Issuers holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the 
Commitments of such Lender or the Committed Loans made by, or 
participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of 
Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or 
such L/C Issuer or such Lenders or such L/C Issuers holding company could 
have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such 
Lenders or such L/C Issuers policies and the policies of such Lenders or 
such L/C Issuers holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then 
from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, 
as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate 
such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lenders or such L/C Issuers 
holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or an L/C 
Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such 
Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as 
specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the 
Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay 
such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due 
on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof.

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any 
L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such 
L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower 
shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs 
incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that 
such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower 
of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and 
of such Lenders or such L/C Issuers intention to claim compensation 
therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased 
costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to 
above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect 
thereof).

(e) Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans. The Borrower shall pay to each 
Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with 
respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency 
funds or deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of 
each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves 
allocated to such Committed Loan by such Lender (as determined by such 
Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error), which shall be due and payable on each date on which 
interest is payable on such Committed Loan; provided that the Borrower 
shall have received at least 10 Business Days prior notice (with a copy to 
the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If 
a Lender fails to give notice 10 Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable 10 
Business Days from receipt of such notice.

Section 3.05 Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a 
copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall 
promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any 
loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:

(a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Committed 
Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the 
Interest Period for such Committed Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, 
automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) (including, for 
avoidance of doubt, any payments pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.06);

(b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of 
such Lender to make a Committed Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or 
convert any Committed Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in 
the amount notified by the Borrower (including by reason of a revocation of 
notice of prepayment pursuant to the further proviso in the first sentence 
of Section 2.06(a)); or
 
57

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last 
day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the 
Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13; including any loss or expense arising 
from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain 
such Committed Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from 
which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary 
administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the 
foregoing.

For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders 
under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each 
Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate for such Committed 
Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank 
eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, 
whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.


Section 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests 
compensation under Section 3.04, or the Borrower is required to pay any 
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the 
account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a 
notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then such Lender shall use reasonable 
efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its 
Committed Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder 
to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of 
such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce 
amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.04, as the case may 
be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to 
Section 3.02, as applicable and (ii) in each case, would not subject such 
Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be 
disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any 
such designation or assignment.

(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under 
Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount 
to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender 
pursuant to Section 3.01, the Borrower may replace such Lender in 
accordance with Section 10.13.

Section 3.07 Survival. All of the Borrowers obligations, and any 
corresponding Lenders obligations, under this Article III shall survive 
termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other 
Obligations hereunder.


ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

Section 4.01 Conditions to Existing Credit Agreement. The initial Credit 
Extension under this Agreement shall become available and this Agreement 
shall become effective on the date that each of the following conditions 
shall have been satisfied (or waived by each Lender party hereto on the 
Closing Date):

(a) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agents receipt of the following, 
each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by 
originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a 
Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party (and, in the case of the 
Convertible
 
58

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes Intercreditor Agreement, each of the other parties thereto), each 
dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental 
officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
(i) this Agreement, (ii) the Guaranty, (iii) the Security Agreement, (iv) 
the Administrative Agent Fee Letter, (v) the Convertible Notes 
Intercreditor Agreement and (vi) a Note executed by the Borrower in favor 
of each Lender requesting a Note, in each case, executed by the relevant 
parties.

(b) Collateral Matters; Title. The Administrative Agent shall have 
received:

(i) all certificates, agreements or instruments representing or evidencing 
the Pledged Equity, if any, accompanied by instruments of transfer and 
undated stock powers endorsed in blank;

(ii) UCC financing statements in appropriate form for filing under the UCC 
and filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United 
States Copyright Office;

(iii) certified copies of UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy 
and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a 
recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or 
comparable documents that name any Loan Party as debtor and that are filed 
in those states in which any Loan Party is organized and such other 
searches that are required by the Security Agreement or that the 
Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber 
the Collateral covered or intended to be covered by the Collateral 
Documents (other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01);

(iv) duly authorized and executed Mortgages, supplements or assignments of 
mortgages, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the 
Administrative Agent, and which shall be sufficient to grant, evidence and 
perfect first-priority Liens with respect to at least 95% of the PV9 
Pricing of the Proved Reserves, in each case, attributable to the 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties included in the Initial Engineering 
Report (without taking into account any adjustments for hedging, together 
with such other assignments, conveyances, amendments, agreements and other 
writings each duly authorized and executed) and such certificates and 
opinions of counsel with respect thereto, in each case as the 
Administrative Agent shall deem necessary or appropriate; and

(v) title information consistent with usual and customary standards for the 
geographic regions in which the Engineered Oil and Gas Properties are 
located, taking into account the size, scope and number of leases and wells 
of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties; provided that that after giving 
effect to its receipt of the title information to be provided pursuant to 
this clause (b)(v), the Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied 
with the title information covering Engineered Oil and Gas Properties 
comprising at least 70% of the total PV9 Pricing of the Proved Reserves 
attributable to Oil and Gas Properties that are subject to a Mortgage 
granted pursuant to clause (b)(iv) above.

(c) Corporate Documents; Certificates. The Administrative Agents receipt 
of the following, in each case, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders:

(i) a duly authorized and executed certificate of a Responsible Officer of 
each Loan Party dated the Closing Date, certifying (x) that attached 
thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organization Document of such 
Loan Party certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the 
Secretary of State of the state of its organization, (y) that attached 
thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by such 
Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan 
Documents to which such Loan Party is a party and, in the case of the 
Borrower, the borrowings
 
59

------------------------------------------------------------------------
hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or 
amended and are in full force and effect and (z) as to the incumbency and 
specimen signature of each officer executing any Loan Document or any other 
document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan Party 
(together with a certificate of another Responsible Officer as to the 
incumbency and specimen signature of the secretary or assistant secretary 
executing the certificate in this clause (b)(i));

(ii) a certificate as to the good standing of each Loan Party (in so-called 
long-form (if available)) as of a recent date, from the applicable 
Secretary of State (or other applicable Governmental Authority) for the 
jurisdiction of each such Loan Partys incorporation or organization;

(iii) a certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible 
Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions 
precedent set forth in Sections 4.01(g), (h), (i), (j) and (n); and

(iv) a solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit F, dated the Closing 
Date and signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower.

(d) Financial Statements; Pro Forma Balance Sheet; Projections. The 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received and shall be 
satisfied with the form and substance of the Initial Financial Statements.

(e) Opinions of Counsel. The Administrative Agent shall have received, on 
behalf of itself and the Lenders, customary written opinions of (i) 
Kirkland & Ellis, LLP, counsel for the Loan Parties and (ii) local counsel 
for the Loan Parties in the States of Colorado, Kansas and Oklahoma, in 
each case, (x) dated the Closing Date, (y) addressed to the Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders and (z) covering such matters relating to the Loan 
Parties, the Loan Documents and the Transactions as the Administrative 
Agent shall reasonably request.

(f) Evidence of Insurance. The Administrative Agent shall have received 
evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan 
Documents has been obtained and is in effect, together with the 
certificates of insurance, naming the Administrative Agent, on behalf of 
the Lenders, as an additional insured or loss payee, as the case may be, 
under all insurance policies maintained with respect to the assets and 
properties of the Loan Parties that constitutes Collateral.

(g) Indebtedness. After giving effect to the Transactions and the other 
transactions contemplated hereby, the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries shall not have any outstanding Indebtedness other than (i) the 
Obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents and (ii) other Indebtedness 
permitted to be incurred and remain outstanding pursuant to Section 7.03.

(h) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and 
warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V 
of this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in 
any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or 
therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if such 
representation or warranty is qualified by or subject to a materiality, 
material adverse effect, material adverse change or any similar term or 
qualification, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in 
all respects) on and as of the date of the Closing Date (and immediately 
after giving effect to the Transactions), except to the extent that such 
representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in 
which case they shall be true and correct, in all material respects(or if 
such representation or warranty is qualified by or subject to a 
materiality, material adverse effect, material adverse change or any 
similar term or qualification, such representation or warranty shall be 
true and correct in all respects), as of such earlier date.
 
60

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) No Default. At the time of, and immediately after giving effect to the 
Transactions on the Closing Date and the application of the proceeds of any 
Credit Extension pursuant to this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing on such date.

(j) [Reserved].

(k) [Reserved].

(l) USA PATRIOT Act. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have 
received at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the 
documentation and information required under applicable know your 
customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including 
without limitation, the information required under Section 10.17; provided 
that the Administrative Agent or any such Lender shall have requested such 
documentation and information at least seven days prior to the Closing 
Date.

Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04, for 
purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this 
Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to 
have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each 
document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved 
by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative 
Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed 
Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

Section 4.02 Conditions to All Credit Extensions. The obligation of each 
Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed 
Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other 
Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) is subject to the 
following conditions precedent:

(a) After giving effect to such Credit Extension and the application by the 
Administrative Agent of the proceeds thereof, (i) the Total Outstandings 
shall not exceed the Facility Limit, (ii) the Aggregate Exposure of any 
Lender shall not exceed the lesser of such Lenders (x) Commitment and (y) 
Applicable Percentage of the Facility Limit and (iii) the Outstanding 
Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit 
Sublimit.

(b) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan 
Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are 
contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection 
herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects 
(or if such representation or warranty is qualified by qualified by or 
subject to a materiality, material adverse effect, material adverse 
change or any similar term or qualification, such representation or 
warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date 
of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations 
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they 
shall be true and correct, in all material respects(or if such 
representation or warranty is qualified by or subject to a materiality, 
material adverse effect, material adverse change or any similar term or 
qualification, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in 
all respects), as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of 
this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in clause 
(a) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed, from and after the first delivery of 
financial statements pursuant thereto, to refer to the most recent 
statements furnished pursuant to clause (a) of Section 6.01.

(c) No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such 
proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.
 
61

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuers shall have 
received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements 
hereof.

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice 
requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a 
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be 
deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in 
Section 4.02(a), Section 4.02(b), Section 4.02(c) and Section 4.02(d) have 
been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.


ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Borrower, on behalf of itself and each Restricted Subsidiary, 
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:

Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each 
of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly 
existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite 
power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, 
authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and 
carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations 
under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and consummate the 
Transactions, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, 
in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, 
lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires 
such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause 
(b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and 
performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person 
is or is to be a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate 
or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the 
terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or 
result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien 
under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual 
Obligation that is material to the Loan Parties to which such Person is a 
party or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental 
Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is 
subject; or (c) violate any Law.

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, 
consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or 
filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or 
required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, 
or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, or for the consummation of the Transactions, (b) the grant by any 
Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, 
(c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral 
Documents (including the first-priority nature thereof) or (d) the exercise 
by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders of their rights under the Loan 
Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the 
Collateral Documents, except for (i) the authorizations, approvals, 
actions, notices and filings listed on Schedule 5.03, all of which have 
been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect, 
(ii) authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings in connection 
with the enforcement of pledges of, and the sale of, the Pledged Equity in 
connection therewith, (iii) authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and 
filings required in connection with the additional mortgage and security 
interests required to be granted under this Agreement; (iv) routine 
authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings in the ordinary 
course of business (e.g. tax filings, annual reports, environmental 
filings, etc.); (v) authorizations, approvals and consents necessary in 
connection with the Borrowers mineral class
 
62

------------------------------------------------------------------------
leases with the general land office of the State of Texas; and (vi) the 
periodic filing of continuation statements under the UCC, and (vii) 
authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings the failure of 
which to obtain, take or make could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.04 Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan 
Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and 
delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement 
constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will 
constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, 
enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance 
with its terms.

Section 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) The 
Initial Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP 
consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as 
otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present in all material 
respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the 
period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted 
therein; and (iii) show, in accordance with and as required by GAAP, all 
material indebtedness and other material liabilities, direct or contingent, 
of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, 
including material liabilities for taxes, material commitments and material 
Indebtedness.

(b) The unaudited pro forma financial statements delivered by the Borrower 
pursuant to Section 4.01(d) have, in each case, been prepared in good faith 
by the Borrower, based on the assumptions stated therein (which assumptions 
are believed by the Borrower on the Closing Date to be reasonable in light 
of current conditions and facts then known to the Borrower), are based on 
the information available to the Borrower as of the date of delivery 
thereof, accurately reflect all adjustments required to be made to give 
effect to the Transactions, and present fairly in all material respects the 
pro forma consolidated financial position and results of operations of the 
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date and for such 
periods, assuming that the Transactions had occurred on such date or as of 
the beginning of such period, as the case may be.

(c) The forecasts of financial performance of the Borrower and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 
4.01(d) have, in each case, been prepared in good faith by the Borrower and 
based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time 
such forecasts were provided (and on the Closing Date in the case of 
forecasts provided prior to the Closing Date) (it being recognized, 
however, that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts 
and that actual results during the period(s) covered by such projections 
may differ from the projected results and that such differences may be 
material and that the Loan Parties make no representation that such 
projections will be realized).

(d) Since December 31, 2015, there has been no event or circumstance, 
either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.06 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims 
or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower after due and 
diligent investigation, threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or 
before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) 
purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or 
the consummation of the Transactions or (b) except as specifically 
disclosed in Schedule 5.06, either individually or in the aggregate, could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there has 
been no change in the status, or financial effect on any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof, of the matters described in Schedule 5.06 that could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
63

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.07 No Default. Neither any Loan Party nor any Restricted 
Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, 
any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result 
from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document.

Section 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens. (a) Each Loan Party and each of 
its Restricted Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee 
simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or 
used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in 
title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The property of each Loan Party and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
is subject to no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01.

Section 5.09 Environmental Compliance. (a) The Loan Parties and their 
respective Subsidiaries are in compliance with all existing Environmental 
Laws and have not received any claims alleging potential liability or 
responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective 
businesses, operations and properties, except as specifically disclosed in 
Schedule 5.09, such Environmental Laws and except for such non-compliance 
or claims that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) As of the Closing Date and except (i) as otherwise set forth in 
Schedule 5.09 or (ii) to the extent the same could not, individually or in 
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 
none of the properties currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan 
Party or any of its Subsidiaries is listed or proposed for listing on the 
National Priorities List under 42 USC § 9605(a)(8)(B) or on the CERCLIS or 
any analogous foreign, state or local list or is adjacent to any such 
property; there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material on any 
property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its 
Subsidiaries; and Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or 
disposed of on any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any 
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in quantities or in a manner as to 
create Environmental Liability.

(c) As of the Closing Date and except (i) as otherwise set forth in 
Schedule 5.09 or (ii) to the extent the same could not, individually or in 
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 
neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is undertaking, and has 
not completed, either individually or together with other potentially 
responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or 
response action relating to any actual or threatened release, discharge or 
disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either 
voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the 
requirements of any Environmental Law that is reasonably expected to result 
in material Environmental Liability to any Loan Party or any of its 
Subsidiaries; and all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled 
or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly 
owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries have been 
disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result in material 
Environmental Liability to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 5.10 Insurance. The properties of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries are insured (a) with financially sound and reputable insurance 
companies in such amounts, with such limitations or deductibles, against 
such risks, and in such form as are customarily maintained by companies of 
established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in 
the same or
 
64

------------------------------------------------------------------------
similar locations and/or (b) through a system or systems of self-insurance 
which are in accord with sound practices of similarly situated corporations 
of established reputation maintaining such systems and with respect to 
which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary maintain adequate 
insurance reserves in accordance with GAAP and in accordance with sound 
actuarial and insurance principles.

Section 5.11 Taxes. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all 
Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be 
filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, 
assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon 
them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, 
except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been 
provided in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary 
has received written notice of any proposed tax assessment against it that 
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.12 ERISA Compliance. (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all 
material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and 
other Federal or state Laws except for such events of noncompliance which 
could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material 
Adverse Effect.

(b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, 
threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental 
Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or 
violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan 
that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material 
Adverse Effect.

(c) Except to the extent the same could not, individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) no 
ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no 
Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; (iii) neither the Borrower 
nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any 
liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other 
than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iv) 
neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably 
expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the 
giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such 
liability) under Section 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a 
Multiemployer Plan; and (v) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate 
has engaged in a transaction that could reasonably be expected to be 
subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.

Section 5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties. As of the 
Closing Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those 
specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13, and all of the 
outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, 
are (in the case of corporate securities) fully paid and non-assessable 
and are owned by a Loan Party in the amounts specified on Part (a) of 
Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens except those created under the 
Collateral Documents or permitted by Section 7.01. As of the Closing Date, 
no Loan Party has any equity investments in any other corporation or entity 
other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13. Set 
forth on Part (c) of Schedule 5.13 is a complete and accurate list of all 
Loan Parties as of the Closing Date, showing as of the Closing Date (as to 
each Loan Party) the jurisdiction of its incorporation, the address of its 
principal place of business and its U.S. taxpayer identification number or, 
in the case of any non-U.S. Loan Party that does not have a U.S. taxpayer 
identification number, its unique identification number issued to it by the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation.

Section 5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. (a) Neither the 
making of any Credit Extension hereunder nor the use of the proceeds 
thereof will violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X.
 
65

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) No Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party is an 
investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 
1940.

Section 5.15 Disclosure. No report, financial statement, certificate or 
other information furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to 
the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or 
supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken together with 
all other information previously furnished or that is publicly available, 
contains as of the date so furnished any material misstatement of fact or 
omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, 
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial 
information, the Borrower represents only that such information was 
prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by it to be 
reasonable at the time. There are no statements or conclusions in any 
Engineering Report which are based upon or include, as of the date of such 
Engineering Report, misleading information or fail to take into account, as 
of the date of such Engineering Report, material information regarding the 
matters reported therein, it being understood that projections concerning 
volumes attributable to the Oil and Gas Properties and production and cost 
estimates contained in each Engineering Report are necessarily based upon 
professional opinions, estimates and projections and that the Borrower does 
not warrant that such opinions, estimates and projections will ultimately 
prove to have been accurate.

Section 5.16 Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary 
thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of 
all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or 
to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement 
of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good 
faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to 
comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.17 Solvency. The Loan Parties are, together with their 
Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, Solvent.

Section 5.18 Casualty, Etc. Neither the businesses nor the properties of 
any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are affected by any 
fire, explosion, accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, 
storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or 
other casualty (whether or not covered by insurance) that, either 
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.19 Labor Matters. There are no collective bargaining agreements 
or Multiemployer Plans covering the employees of the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date and neither the Borrower nor 
any Restricted Subsidiary has suffered any strikes, walkouts, work 
stoppages or other material labor difficulty within the last five years 
that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.20 Collateral Documents. The provisions of the Collateral 
Documents are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable 
first-priority Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01) on all 
right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral 
described therein. Except as expressly contemplated hereby and by the 
Collateral Documents, no filing or other action will be necessary to 
perfect or protect such Liens.
 
66

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.21 Engineered Oil and Gas Properties.

(a) The Borrower or another Loan Party has good and defensible title to all 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties, free and clear of all Liens except as 
permitted pursuant to Section 7.01 and Immaterial Title Deficiencies. With 
the exception of Immaterial Title Deficiencies, all such Oil and Gas 
Properties are valid, subsisting, and in full force and effect, and all 
material rentals, royalties, and other amounts due and payable in respect 
thereof have been duly paid. Without regard to any consent or non-consent 
provisions of any joint operating agreement covering any of the Loan 
Parties Proved Reserves, and with the exception of Immaterial Title 
Deficiencies, the Loan Parties share of (a) the costs for each Engineered 
Oil and Gas Property is not greater than the decimal fraction set forth in 
the most recent Engineering Report, before and after payout, as the case 
may be, and described therein by the respective designations working 
interests, WI, gross working interest, GWI or similar terms and (b) 
production from, allocated to, or attributed to each Engineered Oil and Gas 
Property is not less than the decimal fraction set forth in the most recent 
Engineering Report, before and after payout, as the case may be, and 
described therein by the designations net revenue interest, NRI or 
similar terms. Except to the extent constituting an Immaterial Title 
Deficiency, each well drilled in respect of each Engineered Oil and Gas 
Property described in the Engineering Report (y) is capable of, and is 
presently, producing Hydrocarbons in commercial quantities, and the 
applicable Loan Party is currently receiving payments for its share of 
production, with no material funds in respect of any thereof being 
presently held in suspense, other than any such funds being held in 
suspense pending delivery of appropriate division orders and other usual 
and customary suspense accounts, and (z) has been drilled, bottomed, 
completed, and operated in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable Laws and no such well which is currently producing hydrocarbons 
is subject to any penalty in production by reason of such well having 
produced in excess of its allowable production. To the Borrowers 
knowledge, there are no unrecorded assignments or conveyances affecting the 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties or any Loan Partys interest therein that 
would result in the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries having a WI or 
NRI that is less than the WI/NRI set forth in the Engineering Report, 
except the interests of Sierra Madera CO2 Pipeline LP and Symbol Energy 
Inc., which constitute Immaterial Title Deficiencies.

(b) The Engineered Oil and Gas Properties (and all properties unitized 
therewith) are, in all material respects, being (and, to the extent the 
same could materially and adversely affect the ownership or operation of 
the Engineered Oil and Gas Properties after the date hereof, to the 
applicable Loan Partys knowledge, have in the past been) maintained, 
operated and developed in a good and workmanlike manner, in accordance with 
prudent industry standards and in conformity with all applicable Laws and 
in conformity with all oil, gas or other mineral leases and other contracts 
and agreements forming a part of the Engineered Oil and Gas Property and in 
conformity with the Permitted Encumbrances. No Engineered Oil and Gas 
Property is subject to having allowable production after the date hereof 
reduced below the full and regular allowable (including the maximum 
permissible tolerance) because of any overproduction (whether or not the 
same was permissible at the time) prior to the date hereof and none of the 
wells located on the Engineered Oil and Gas Properties (or properties 
unitized therewith) are or will be deviated from the vertical more than the 
maximum permitted by applicable Laws, regulations, rules and orders, and 
such wells are bottomed under and producing from, with the well bores 
wholly within, the Engineered Oil and Gas Properties (or, in the case of 
wells located on properties unitized therewith, such unitized properties). 
There are no dry holes, or otherwise inactive wells, located on the 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties or on lands pooled or unitized therewith, 
except for wells that have been properly plugged and abandoned or for which 
appropriate plugging and abandonment has been scheduled. Each Loan Party 
has all material governmental licenses and permits reasonably necessary or 
appropriate to own and operate its Engineered Oil and Gas Properties, and 
no Loan Party has received notice in writing of any material violations in 
respect of any such licenses or permits.

Section 5.22 Sale of Production. Except (x) as of the Closing Date, as set 
forth in Schedule 5.22, or (y) thereafter, as disclosed in writing to the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders and
 
67

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reflected in the most recent determination of the Borrowing Base, or (z) 
for matters that constitute Immaterial Title Deficiencies:

(a) No Engineered Oil and Gas Property is subject to any material 
contractual or other arrangement (i) whereby payment for production is or 
can be deferred for a substantial period after the month in which such 
production is delivered (in the case of oil, not in excess of 60 days, and 
in the case of gas, not in excess of 90 days) or (ii) whereby payments are 
made to a Loan Party other than by checks, drafts, wire transfer advises or 
other similar writings, instruments or communications for the immediate 
payment of money;

(b) (i) No Engineered Oil and Gas Property is subject to any material 
contractual or other arrangement for the sale, processing or transportation 
of production (or otherwise related to the marketing of production) which 
cannot be canceled on 120 days (or less) notice and (ii) all material 
contractual or other arrangements for the sale, processing or 
transportation of production (or otherwise related to the marketing of 
production) are bona fide arms length transactions made with third parties 
not affiliated with Loan Parties;

(c) Each Loan Party is presently receiving a price for all production 
(other than gas used for operations at a field location) from (or 
attributable to) each Engineered Oil and Gas Property covered by a 
production sales contract or marketing contract that is computed in 
accordance with the terms of such contract, and no Loan Party is having 
deliveries of production from such Engineered Oil and Gas Property 
curtailed substantially below such propertys delivery capacity, except for 
curtailments caused (i) by an act or event of force majeure, or (ii) by 
routine maintenance requirements in the ordinary course of business;

(d) No Loan Party, nor, to such Loan Partys knowledge, any Loan Partys 
predecessors in title, has received prepayments (including payments for gas 
not taken pursuant to take or pay or other similar arrangements) for any 
oil, gas or other hydrocarbons produced or to be produced from any 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties after the date hereof;

(e) No Engineered Oil and Gas Property is subject to any take or pay or 
other similar arrangement (i) which can be satisfied in whole or in part by 
the production or transportation of gas from other properties or (ii) as a 
result of which production from any Engineered Oil and Gas Property may be 
required to be delivered to one or more third parties without payment (or 
without full payment) therefor as a result of payments made, or other 
actions taken, with respect to other properties;

(f) There is no Engineered Oil and Gas Property with respect to which any 
Loan Party, or, to such Loan Partys knowledge, any Loan Partys 
predecessors in title, has, prior to the date hereof, taken more 
(overproduced), or less (underproduced), in any material respect, gas 
from the lands covered thereby (or pooled or unitized therewith) than its 
ownership interest in such Engineered Oil and Gas Property would entitle it 
to take; and as of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.22 accurately reflects, in 
all material respects, for each well or unit with respect to which such an 
imbalance is shown thereon to exist, (i) whether such Loan Party is 
overproduced or underproduced and (ii) the volumes (in cubic feet or 
British thermal units) of such overproduction or underproduction and the 
effective date of such information;

(g) No Engineered Oil and Gas Property is subject to a gas balancing 
arrangement under which one or more third parties may take a portion of the 
production attributable to such Engineered Oil and Gas Property without 
payment (or without full payment) therefor as a result of production having 
been taken from, or as a result of other actions or inactions with respect 
to, other properties; and
 
68

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) No Engineered Oil and Gas Property is subject at the present time to 
any regulatory refund obligation and, to such Loan Partys knowledge, no 
facts exist which might cause the same to be imposed.


Section 5.23 OFAC.

(a) Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to its 
knowledge, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or 
representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or 
controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or 
target of any Sanctions or (ii) located, organized or resident in a 
Designated Jurisdiction.

(b) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in 
compliance in all material respects with Sanctions and have instituted and 
maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve 
compliance with such Sanctions or any Laws related thereto.

Section 5.24 Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have 
conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with 
applicable anti-corruption Laws (including FCPA) and have instituted and 
maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve 
compliance with such Laws.

Section 5.25 PATRIOT Act. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in 
compliance in all material respects with all applicable anti-money 
laundering Laws and regulations, including without limitation the Bank 
Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act (the PATRIOT 
Act).


ARTICLE VI
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Committed 
Loan or other Obligation owing to any Lender or to the Administrative Agent 
hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall 
remain outstanding and not fully Cash Collateralized, the Borrower shall, 
and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 
6.02, and 6.03) cause each Restricted Subsidiary to:

Section 6.01 Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent and 
the Lenders as contemplated by the last paragraph of Section 6.02:

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of 
each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the 
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the 
related consolidated and consolidating statements of income or operations, 
shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in 
each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all 
in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such 
consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and 
opinion of a Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized 
standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards and applicable Securities Laws and, 
in the case of any such report and opinion delivered with respect to the 
fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2017 and with respect to 
each fiscal year thereafter, shall not be subject to any going concern or 
like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the 
scope of such audit (except for any such going concern qualification 
pertaining to the maturity of the credit facility provided pursuant to this 
Agreement within 12 months of the relevant audit) or with respect to the 
absence of any material misstatement, and such consolidating statements to 
be certified by the chief executive officer, chief
 
69

------------------------------------------------------------------------
financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower to the effect 
that such statements are fairly stated in all material respects when 
considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements of the 
Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of 
each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the 
Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated 
statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for 
such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrowers fiscal year then 
ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the 
corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the 
corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable 
detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, 
treasurer or controller of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all 
material respects the financial condition, results of operations, 
shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in 
accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and 
the absence of footnotes;

(c) if there shall be any Unrestricted Subsidiaries at the end of any 
fiscal period in respect of which any consolidated financial statements 
referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) above is delivered, concurrently 
with such delivery, the related consolidating financial statements 
reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of such 
Unrestricted Subsidiaries from such consolidated financial statements;

(d) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of 
each fiscal year of the Borrower, an annual business plan and budget of the 
Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, including forecasts 
prepared by management of the Borrower, in form satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders, of consolidated balance 
sheets and statements of income or operations of the Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries on a monthly basis for the immediately following fiscal year;

(e) by April 1 of each year, commencing April 1, 2017, an Engineering 
Report prepared as of the preceding January 1 by one or more of Netherland, 
Sewell & Associates, DeGolyer & MacNaughton, or other independent petroleum 
engineers chosen by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the 
Administrative Agent, concerning all Oil and Gas Properties owned by any 
Loan Party which are located within the geographic boundaries of the United 
States and which have attributable to them Proved Reserves. Such report 
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, shall be 
prepared using PV9 Pricing, shall take into account any overproduced 
status under gas balancing arrangements, and shall contain information and 
analysis consistent in form and scope in all material respects to that 
contained in the Initial Engineering Report. Such report shall distinguish 
(or shall be delivered together with a certificate from an appropriate 
officer of the Borrower which distinguishes) (i) the Oil and Gas Properties 
owned by each Loan Party and (ii) those properties treated in the report 
which are Collateral from those properties treated in the report which are 
not Collateral;

(f) by October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2016, an Engineering 
Report prepared as of the preceding July 1 (or the last day of the 
preceding calendar month in the case of a Special Determination) by 
petroleum engineers who are employees of the Borrower (or, at the option of 
Borrower, by the independent engineers named above or selected in 
accordance with clause (e) above), together with an accompanying report on 
property sales, property purchases and changes in categories that have 
occurred since the date of the prior Engineering Report, both in the same 
form and scope as the reports in clause (e) above.

As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 
6.02(c), the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such 
information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be 
in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information 
and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified 
therein.
 
70

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders as contemplated by the last paragraph of this 
Section 6.02:

(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to 
in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed 
by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or 
controller of the Borrower;

(b) promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, 
copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations 
submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of 
directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with 
the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any 
audit of any of them;

(c) promptly after the same are available, copies of all annual, regular, 
periodic and special reports, registration statements and proxy statements 
which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under 
Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or with 
any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to 
be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(d) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or 
report furnished to any holder of debt securities of any Loan Party or any 
Restricted Subsidiary thereof pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan 
or credit or similar agreement relating to Indebtedness with a principal 
amount in excess of the Threshold Amount and not otherwise required to be 
furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of 
this Section 6.02;

(e) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt 
thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice 
or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any 
applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible 
investigation by such agency regarding financial or other operational 
results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof;

(f) not later than five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan 
Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof, copies of all notices, requests 
and other documents (including amendments, waivers and other modifications) 
so received under or pursuant to any instrument, indenture, loan or credit 
or similar agreement relating to Indebtedness with a principal amount in 
excess of the Threshold Amount and regarding or related to any breach or 
default by any party thereto or any other event that could reasonably be 
expected to materially impair the value of the interests or the rights of 
any Loan Party or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect and, from time 
to time upon request by the Administrative Agent, such information and 
reports regarding such instruments, indentures and loan and credit and 
similar agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request;

(g) promptly after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any 
action or proceeding against or of any noncompliance by any Loan Party or 
any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit 
that could (i) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or 
(ii) cause any property described in the Mortgages to be subject to any 
materially adverse restrictions on ownership, occupancy, use or 
transferability under any Environmental Law;
 
71

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial 
or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or 
compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative 
Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or 
Section 6.02(c) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials 
otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so 
delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which 
the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the 
Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address listed on 
Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers 
behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and 
the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party 
website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: 
(A) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrower to deliver 
such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies 
is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (B) the Borrower 
shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier, 
facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and 
provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions 
(i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein, in every instance the Borrower shall be required to provide paper 
copies of the Compliance Certificates required by Section 6.02(a) to the 
Administrative Agent. Except for such Compliance Certificates, the 
Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to 
maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall 
have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such 
request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for 
requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and/or the 
Arranger will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers materials 
and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder 
(collectively, the Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials 
on SyndTrak or another similar electronic system (the Platform).

Section 6.03 Notices. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each 
Lender:

(a) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default known to any 
Responsible Officer, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the 
period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower proposed to take 
with respect thereto;

(b) of any matter (other than matters of a general economic or 
industry-specific nature) that has resulted or could reasonably be expected 
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or 
non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, 
proceeding or suspension between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any 
Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material 
development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any 
Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws;

(c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would result in a Material 
Adverse Effect;

(d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting 
practices by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and

(e) of the (i) incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness which would 
require an adjustment to the Borrowing Base pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 
(ii) occurrence of any Disposition of, or
 
72

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Casualty Event with respect to, property or assets which would require, or 
could reasonably be expected to require, an adjustment to the Borrowing 
Base pursuant to Section 2.05(d), (iii) completion of any early termination 
or unwinding of, or the creation of any off-setting position in respect of, 
any Hedge Transaction which would require, or could reasonably be expected 
to require, an adjustment to the Borrowing Base pursuant to Section 2.05(e) 
and (iv) occurrence of any Royalty Trust Redetermination Trigger Event.

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(e)) 
shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and 
stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with 
respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe 
with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other 
Loan Document that have been breached.

Section 6.04 Payment of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall 
become due and payable, (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and 
governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless 
the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are 
being maintained by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, except for 
such amounts that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) all lawful claims which, 
if unpaid, would by Law become a Lien (other than any Lien permitted exist 
in accordance with Section 7.01) upon its property.

Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and 
maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing 
under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a 
transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or Section 7.05; (b) take all 
reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and 
franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, 
except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its 
registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the 
non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect 
all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of 
its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear 
excepted; (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and 
replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) use the standard of 
care typical in the industry in the operation and maintenance of its 
facilities.

Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. (a) Maintain (at its own expense) 
insurance for its property with financially sound and reputable insurance 
companies in such amounts, with such limitations or deductibles, against 
such risks, and in such form as are customarily maintained by companies of 
established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in 
the same or similar locations; provided, however, that in lieu of any such 
insurance, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may maintain 
a system or systems of self-insurance which are in accord with sound 
practices of similarly situated corporations of established reputation 
maintaining such systems and with respect to which the Borrower or such 
Restricted Subsidiary shall maintain adequate insurance reserves in 
accordance with GAAP and in accordance with sound actuarial and insurance 
principles. All insurance policies covering Collateral shall be endorsed 
(i) to provide for payment of losses to the Administrative Agent as its 
interests may appear, (ii) to provide that such policies may not be 
canceled or reduced or affected in any material manner for any reason 
without ten days prior notice to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) to 
provide for any other matters specified in any applicable Collateral 
Document. Each Loan Party shall at all times maintain insurance against its 
liability for injury to persons or property with financially sound
 
73

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and reputable insurers in such amounts, with such limitations or 
deductibles, against such risks, and in such form as are customarily 
maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or 
similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.

(b) Reimbursement under any liability insurance maintained by Loan Parties 
pursuant to this Section 6.07 may be paid directly to the Person who has 
incurred the liability covered by such insurance. With respect to any loss 
involving damage to Collateral, each Loan Party will make or cause to be 
made the necessary repairs to or replacements of such Collateral, and any 
proceeds of insurance maintained by each Loan Party pursuant to this 
Section 6.07 shall be paid to such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent 
as reimbursement for the costs of such repairs or replacements as such 
repairs or replacements are made or acquired; provided that the 
Administrative Agent shall be entitled (but not obligated) to retain and 
apply such proceeds as Collateral during the continuance of any Event of 
Default.

Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the 
requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees 
applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances 
in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree 
is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently 
conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.09 Books and Records. (a) Maintain proper books of record and 
account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP 
consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and 
matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such 
Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be and (b) maintain such books of 
record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements 
of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the 
Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be.

Section 6.10 Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent 
contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and 
inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and 
operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to 
discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, 
and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Borrower and 
at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may 
be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; 
provided, however, that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative 
Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or 
independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the 
Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance 
notice.

Section 6.11 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall apply the proceeds of the 
Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes, including to provide 
working capital for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the issuance of 
letters of credit, capital expenditures and acquisitions by the Borrower 
and its Subsidiaries of oil and gas properties and other assets related to 
the exploration, production and development of oil and gas properties.

Section 6.12 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. (a) Upon 
the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect wholly-owned 
Subsidiary (excluding (x) any CFC or any Subsidiary that is held directly 
or indirectly by a CFC, (y) any Unrestricted Subsidiary and (z) any 
Immaterial Subsidiary (except that up to 66% of the Equity Interest in a 
CFC held directly by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than a 
Subsidiary described in clause (x), (y) or (z) above, is subject to pledge 
as contemplated by clause (ii) below)) by any Loan Party, then the Borrower 
shall, at the Borrowers expense:

(i) within 20 days after such formation or acquisition (or such longer 
period as the Administrative Agent may in its discretion approve), cause 
such Subsidiary, and cause each direct and indirect parent of such 
Subsidiary (if it has not already done so), to duly execute and deliver to 
the Administrative Agent a guaranty or guaranty supplement, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, guaranteeing 
the other Loan Parties obligations under the Loan Documents;
 
74

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) subject in the case of Oil and Gas Properties to Section 6.12(b), 
within 30 days after such formation or acquisition (or such longer period 
as the Administrative Agent may in its discretion approve), cause such 
Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it 
has not already done so) to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative 
Agent deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages, 
leasehold mortgages, leasehold deeds of trust, Security Agreement 
Supplements and other security and pledge agreements, as specified by and 
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
(including delivery of all Pledged Equity in and of such Subsidiary, and 
other instruments required under the Security Agreement) securing payment 
of all the Obligations of such Subsidiary or such parent, as the case may 
be, under the Loan Documents and constituting Liens on all such real and 
personal properties; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, 
neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will be required to grant a 
security interest in the Equity Interest of any (i) CFC in excess of 66% of 
the Equity Interest of such CFC, (ii) Immaterial Subsidiary or (iii) 
Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(iii) subject in the case of Oil and Gas Properties to Section 6.12(b), 
within 30 days after such formation or acquisition (or such longer period 
as the Administrative Agent may in its discretion approve), cause such 
Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it 
has not already done so) to take whatever action (including the recording 
of mortgages, the filing of UCC financing statements, the giving of notices 
and the endorsement of notices on title documents) may be necessary or 
advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in the 
Administrative Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent 
designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on the properties purported to 
be subject to the deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, 
mortgages, leasehold mortgages, leasehold deeds of trust, Security 
Agreement Supplements and security and pledge agreements delivered pursuant 
to this Section 6.12, enforceable against all third parties in accordance 
with their terms; and

(iv) within 60 days after such formation or acquisition (or such longer 
period as the Administrative Agent may in its discretion approve), deliver 
to the Administrative Agent, upon the request of the Administrative Agent 
in its sole discretion, a signed copy of a favorable opinion, addressed to 
the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the 
Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to the 
matters contained in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, and as to such 
other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(b) If the report or certificate delivered under Section 6.01(e) or 
Section 6.01(f) does not confirm that the Obligations are secured by 
first-priority Liens covering and encumbering at least 95% of the PV9 
Pricing of the Proved Reserves, in each case, attributable to the 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties (without taking into account any 
adjustments for hedging), then (i) within 30 days of the delivery of such 
report or certificate (or such longer period as may be appropriate in the 
sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), the Loan Parties that own 
Engineered Oil and Gas Properties shall execute and deliver mortgages and 
deeds of trust (or supplements with respect thereto) in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with such other 
assignments, conveyances, amendments, agreements and other writings (each 
duly authorized and executed) and together with such certificates and 
opinions of counsel with respect thereto, in each case as the 
Administrative Agent shall deem necessary to grant, evidence and perfect 
the first-priority Liens on such additional properties required by this 
Section 6.12(b) and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, 
which request shall
 
75

------------------------------------------------------------------------
not be made more than once per calendar year so long as no Default, Event 
of Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency is then continuing, evidence of 
title reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent with respect to 
such additional properties, but only to the extent necessary such that the 
Borrower shall have delivered evidence of title covering Engineered Oil and 
Gas Properties subject to the Mortgages comprising at least 70% of the 
total PV9 Pricing of the Proved Reserves attributable to the Engineered Oil 
and Gas Properties required by this Section 6.12(b) to be subject to the 
Mortgages; provided, however, that the requirements of this Section 6.12(b)
 shall not apply to any Oil and Gas Properties as to which the 
Administrative Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion, after 
consultation with the Borrower, that the costs and burden of obtaining such 
evidence of title are excessive in relation to the value of the benefits 
afforded thereby.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, SandRidge 
E&P shall only be required to pledge its Equity Interests in the Royalty 
Trusts. Furthermore, the Royalty Trusts shall not be required to become 
Loan Parties and their Oil and Gas Properties shall not be required to 
become subject to any mortgage as may otherwise be required under this 
Section 6.12 or any Collateral Document.

Section 6.13 Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as could not 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (a) comply, 
and cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its 
properties to comply with all applicable Environmental Laws and 
Environmental Permits; (b) obtain and renew all Environmental Permits 
necessary for its current operations and properties; and (c) conduct any 
investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, 
removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all 
Hazardous Materials from any of its properties, in accordance with the 
requirements of all applicable Environmental Laws; provided, however, that 
neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be 
required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action 
to the extent that its obligation to do so is not required by applicable 
Environmental Laws or being contested in good faith and by proper 
proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to 
such circumstances in accordance with GAAP.

Section 6.14 Further Assurances. Promptly upon request by the 
Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) 
correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan 
Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof 
and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, 
re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, 
certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, 
or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from 
time to time in order to (i) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
Law, subject any Loan Partys or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter 
intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (ii) perfect and 
maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral 
Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iii) 
assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more 
effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter 
intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or 
under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to 
which any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is or is to be a 
party, and cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to do so.

Section 6.15 Production Proceeds. Notwithstanding that, by the terms of the 
various Mortgages, certain Guarantors and Borrower are and will be 
assigning to the Administrative Agent and Lenders all of the Production 
Proceeds (as defined therein) accruing to the property covered thereby, so 
long as no Event of Default has occurred such Loan Parties may continue to 
receive from the purchasers of production all such Production Proceeds, 
subject, however, to the Liens created under the Mortgages,
 
76

------------------------------------------------------------------------
which Liens are hereby affirmed and ratified. Upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, the Administrative Agent and Lenders may exercise all 
rights and remedies granted under the Mortgages, including the right to 
obtain possession of all Production Proceeds then held by Loan Parties or 
to receive directly from the purchasers of production all other Production 
Proceeds. In no case shall any failure, whether purposed or inadvertent, by 
the Administrative Agent or Lenders to collect directly any such Production 
Proceeds constitute in any way a waiver, remission or release of any of 
their rights under the Mortgages, nor shall any release of any Production 
Proceeds by the Administrative Agent or Lenders to Loan Parties constitute 
a waiver, remission, or release of any other Production Proceeds or of any 
rights of the Administrative Agent or Lenders to collect other Production 
Proceeds thereafter.

Section 6.16 Anti-Corruption, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws
. Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable anti-corruption Laws, applicable anti-terrorism Laws and 
applicable anti-money laundering Laws and maintain policies and procedures 
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Laws.

Section 6.17 Post-Closing Changes. The Borrower shall notify the 
Administrative Agent within 30 days of any change made to a Loan Partys 
name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational 
identification number or location from those set forth in the schedules to 
the Security Agreement.


Section 6.18 Accounts.

(a) Within 45 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the 
Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree), the Loan Parties shall 
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent one or more Control 
Agreements with respect to each Deposit Account, Securities Account and 
Commodity Account (other than to the extent constituting an Excluded 
Account) held or maintained by or for the benefit of a Loan Party on the 
Closing Date, executed and delivered by a duly authorized Responsible 
Officer of such Loan Party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, or otherwise cause such Deposit 
Account, Securities Account and/or Commodity Account, as applicable, to 
become and thereafter remain continually subject to the control (within 
the meaning of Section 9-104 or Section 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of 
the Administrative Agent pursuant to arrangements that are reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(b) The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, in 
connection with any Deposit Account, Securities Account and Commodity 
Account (other than Excluded Accounts, but only for so long as it is an 
Excluded Account) established, held, acquired, assumed, or otherwise 
maintained after the Closing Date, promptly, but in any event within 45 
days of the establishment, acquisition, or assumption of such account (or, 
in the case of a Deposit Account or Securities Account that ceases to be an 
Excluded Account, within 45 days after cessation of its status as an 
Excluded Account) or by such later date as the Administrative Agent shall 
reasonably agree, deliver a Control Agreement executed by a duly authorized 
Responsible Officer of such Loan Party in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, otherwise cause 
such Deposit Account, Securities Account and/or Commodity Account, as 
applicable, to become and thereafter remain continually subject to the 
control (within the meaning of Section 9-104 or Section 9-106 of the UCC, 
as applicable) of the Administrative Agent; provided that, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, (x) each such account referred to in this clause (b) shall 
be permitted to be maintained as an Excluded Account (and shall comply with 
the requirements set forth in such definition), for all periods of time 
from the date of establishment, acquisition or assumption thereof by a Loan 
Party through the date on which such Control Agreement or other 
satisfactory control arrangements are established and (y) other than any 
Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account held by a Lender 
during such 45 day period, neither the Company nor any other Restricted 
Subsidiary shall be permitted to deposit into or maintain any assets
 
77

------------------------------------------------------------------------
in any Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account (other than 
Excluded Accounts, but only for so long as it is an Excluded Account) 
unless such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account is 
subject to such a Control Agreement or other satisfactory control 
arrangement.


ARTICLE VII
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Committed 
Loan or other Obligation owing to any Lender or to the Administrative Agent 
hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall 
remain outstanding and not fully Cash Collateralized, the Borrower shall 
not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or 
indirectly:

Section 7.01 Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon 
any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter 
acquired, other than the following:

(a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any 
renewals or extensions thereof; provided that (i) the property covered 
thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not 
increased except as contemplated by Section 7.03(c), (iii) the direct or 
any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any 
renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is 
permitted by Section 7.03(c);

(c) Liens for taxes and other governmental charges not yet due or which are 
being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently 
conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the 
books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;

(d) operators, carriers, landlords, suppliers, workers, construction, 
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens 
arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a 
period of more than 90 days or which are being contested in good faith and 
by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with 
respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person;

(e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection 
with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social 
security legislation or other liabilities of a like nature, other than any 
Lien imposed by ERISA;

(f) Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases 
(other than Indebtedness), licenses, statutory obligations, surety and 
appeal bonds, performance bonds, regulatory obligations and other 
obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g) (i) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar 
encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not 
substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from 
the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the 
ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person and (ii) 
Immaterial Title Deficiencies;

(h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an 
Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(i) Liens on pipelines and pipeline facilities that arise by operation of 
law or other like Liens arising by operation of law in the ordinary course 
of business and incident to the exploration,
 
78

------------------------------------------------------------------------
development, operation and maintenance of Oil and Gas Properties each of 
which is in respect of obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness and 
that are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in 
accordance with GAAP;

(j) customary contractual Liens under operating lease agreements or which 
arise in the ordinary course of business under operating agreements, joint 
venture agreements, oil and gas partnership agreements, oil and gas leases, 
farm-out and farm-in agreements, division orders, contracts for the sale, 
transportation or exchange of oil and natural gas, unitization and pooling 
declarations and agreements, area of mutual interest agreements, overriding 
royalty agreements, marketing agreements, processing agreements, net 
profits agreements, development agreements, gas balancing or deferred 
production agreements, injection, repressuring and recycling agreements, 
salt water or other disposal agreements, seismic or other geophysical 
permits or agreements, and other agreements which are usual and customary 
in the Oil and Gas Business and are for obligations that do not constitute 
Indebtedness and that are not delinquent or that are being contested in 
good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been 
maintained in accordance with GAAP; provided that any such Lien referred to 
in this clause (j) does not materially impair the use of the property 
covered by such Lien for the purposes for which such property is held by 
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or materially impair the value of 
such property subject thereto;

(k) Permitted Encumbrances;

(l) Liens existing on assets at the time of acquisition thereof, or Liens 
existing on assets of any Person at the time such Person became a 
Subsidiary, which in each case (i) were not created in contemplation 
thereof and (ii) do not encumber Oil and Gas Properties to be included in 
the Borrowing Base;

(m) UCC financing statements filed in connection with an operating lease 
under which the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee;

(n) [reserved];

(o) Liens on Oklahoma Properties or Electrical Assets securing Indebtedness 
permitted by Section 7.03(b) or Section 7.03(c);

(p) [reserved];

(q) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(f); provided 
that (i) such Liens attach concurrently with or within 270 days after the 
acquisition, lease, repair, replacement, construction or improvement (as 
applicable) being financed with such Indebtedness, (ii) such Liens do not 
at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such 
Indebtedness or the assets subject to such Capital Lease, as applicable, 
and (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair 
market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the 
date of acquisition;

(r) Liens in favor of banking and other financial institutions arising by 
operation of law or otherwise encumbering deposits held by such banking 
institution or securities and other financial assets held by such financial 
institution (in each case including the right of set-off) and which are 
within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or the 
securities brokerage industry, as applicable;
 
79

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s) Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.01; provided that the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby 
does not exceed (as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) 
$5,000,000 at any one time; and

(t) Liens to secure (i) the Convertible Notes (to the extent required to be 
secured in accordance with their terms); provided that any such Lien 
granted on any property is only permitted to the extent that it is junior 
to a valid and enforceable first-priority Lien granted on such property to 
secure the Obligations (subject to the Convertible Notes Intercreditor 
Agreement) and (ii) Junior Lien Debt incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(l); 
provided that any such Lien granted on any property is only permitted to 
the extent that it is junior to a valid and enforceable first-priority 
Lien granted on such property to secure the Obligations (subject to the 
applicable Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement).

Section 7.02 Investments. Make any Investments, except:

(a) Investments held by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in the 
form of Cash Equivalents;

(b) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and 
Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 at 
any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous 
ordinary business purposes;

(c) Investments of the Borrower in any now existing or hereafter acquired 
wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary and Investments of any Restricted 
Subsidiary in the Borrower or in another now existing or hereafter acquired 
wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that (i) in the case 
of any Investment made by a Loan Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is 
not a Loan Party, (x) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the 
Available Amount Conditions at the time of such Investment and (y) the 
amount of such Investments shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the 
Available Amount at such time and (ii) in the case of an Investment 
constituting the acquisition from a third party of a Person which thereby 
becomes a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary, such Investment is permitted 
pursuant to another clause of this Section 7.02;

(d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of 
accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade 
credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in 
satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled 
account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or 
limit loss;

(e) Investments in Oil and Gas Properties that will, pursuant to such 
Investment, become Engineered Oil and Gas Properties (or in Persons at 
least 60% of whose assets consist of Oil and Gas Properties that will, 
pursuant to such Investment, become Engineered Oil and Gas Properties, and 
which Persons will become Loan Parties pursuant to such Investment);

(f) Guarantees permitted by Section 7.03;

(g) Investments received in connection with bankruptcy or reorganization 
of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and 
suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(h) Investments (including, without limitation, capital contributions) in 
general or limited partnerships or other types of entities (each a 
venture) entered into by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary with 
others in the ordinary course of business; provided that (i) any such 
venture is engaged exclusively in oil and gas exploration, development, 
production, processing and related
 
80

------------------------------------------------------------------------
activities, including transportation, (ii) the interest in such venture is 
acquired in the ordinary course of business and on fair and reasonable 
terms, (iii) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Available Amount 
Conditions at the time of such Investment and (iv) the aggregate net amount 
of such Investments does not exceed the Available Amount at such time;

(i) Investments under clause (a) or (c) of the definition thereof in 
Persons (which become Loan Parties pursuant to such Investment) or business 
units, respectively, in each case whose assets consist solely of oil and 
gas service business assets, including drilling rigs, workover rigs, 
drilling fluids and other assets involved in providing services to the oil 
and gas upstream and midstream segments (and which assets shall become 
Collateral to the extent required by the terms of the Loan Documents); 
provided that (i) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Available 
Amount Conditions at the time of such Investment and (i) the amount of such 
Investments shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the Available Amount at 
such time;

(j) solely to the extent the Oklahoma Properties are wholly-owned by a 
Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, Investments made by the Borrower to 
such Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount 
of interest, operating expenses and taxes due and payable by such 
Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business as a direct result 
of its ownership of the Oklahoma Properties; provided that the proceeds of 
such Investment shall be promptly applied by such Restricted Subsidiary to 
fund such interest, operating expense and tax obligations;

(k) Investments for consideration consisting of common stock of the 
Borrower;

(l) capital stock, promissory notes, and other similar non-cash 
consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries in connection with any transaction permitted by Section 7.05;

(m) Investments expressly permitted by Section 7.06 (other than Section 
7.06(f));

(n) Investments in existence on the Closing Date and, in the case of any 
Investment in excess of $1,000,000, listed on Schedule 7.02, and 
extensions, renewals, modifications, or restatements or replacements 
thereof; provided that no such extension, renewal, modification, 
restatement or replacement shall (i) increase the amount of the original 
Investment or (ii) adversely affect the interest of the Lenders with 
respect to such original Investment or the interests of the Lenders under 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in any material respect;

(o) Investments in Royalty Trusts;

(p) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries to the extent resulting from 
Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05(o);

(q) subject to satisfaction of the Available Amount Conditions, other 
Investments not permitted by the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.02 
in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount at such time; and

(r) other Investments in an aggregate amount, as valued at cost at the time 
each such Investment is made and including all related commitments for 
future Investments, not exceeding $2,000,000.
 
81

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.03 Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any 
Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) Attributable Indebtedness and Synthetic Lease Obligations created in 
connection with the sale-leaseback of the Oklahoma Properties or the 
Electrical Assets;

(c) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.03 
and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(d) Guarantees of the Borrower or any Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness 
otherwise permitted hereunder of the Borrower or any Guarantor;

(e) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap Contract; provided that (i) 
such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary 
course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated 
with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or 
reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of 
securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or 
taking a market view and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any 
provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make 
payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party (other than 
customary netting arrangements);

(f) Indebtedness in respect of Capital Leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations 
and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets within the 
limitations set forth in Section 7.01(q); provided, however, that the 
aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness incurred pursuant to 
this clause (f) at any one time outstanding shall not exceed $25,000,000;

(g) Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the 
Borrower or a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case 
of any such Indebtedness owing from a Loan Party to a non-Loan Party, (x) 
the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Available Amount Conditions at 
the time such Indebtedness is issued or incurred and (y) the amount of such 
Indebtedness shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the Available Amount at 
such time;

(h) [reserved];

(i) Indebtedness related to any sale-leaseback transaction with respect to 
the Oklahoma Properties;

(j) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 
$5,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(k) Indebtedness in respect of surety bonds obtained by the Borrower or a 
Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and supporting 
other obligations undertaken by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in 
the ordinary course of business which other obligations do not constitute 
Indebtedness;

(l) Indebtedness that constitutes Junior Lien Debt and unsecured 
Indebtedness not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.03 in an aggregate 
principal amount for all Indebtedness under this clause (l) not to exceed 
$500,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that (1) no Default or Event 
of Default or Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred and is then continuing 
or would result therefrom, (2) after giving effect to the incurrence of 
such Indebtedness, the Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma 
basis with the Financial Covenants contained in Section 7.11, (3) the 
Borrowing Base shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 2.05(c), (4) such 
Indebtedness does not mature and requires no scheduled
 
82

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amortization prior to the 91st day following the Maturity Date, (5) the 
terms of such Indebtedness are not materially more onerous, taken as a 
whole, than the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (6) 
if any Person Guarantees such Indebtedness, such Person shall also 
Guarantee the Obligations by providing a guaranty or guaranty supplement, 
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
and (7) such Indebtedness and any guarantees and Liens in respect thereof 
are otherwise on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the 
Administrative Agent;

(m) Indebtedness of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted 
Subsidiary of the Borrower, or is merged or consolidated with or into the 
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in a transaction permitted 
by this Agreement, and extensions, renewals, refinancings, refundings and 
replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding 
principal amount thereof (other than any increase not exceeding the amount 
of any fees, premium, if any, and financing costs relating to such 
refinancing); provided that (i) such Indebtedness (other than any such 
extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement) exists at the 
time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and is not created in 
contemplation of such event, (ii) other than Guarantee obligations 
permitted by clause (d) of this Section 7.03, neither the Borrower nor any 
of its other Restricted Subsidiaries shall be liable for such Indebtedness 
and (iii) the Borrower is in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving 
effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the use of proceeds 
thereof, with the Financial Covenants contained in Section 7.11;

(n) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the seller 
representing all or part of the purchase price of an Investment or 
acquisition permitted hereunder, or assumed by the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith, and extensions, renewals, 
refinancings, refundings and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do 
not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than any 
increase not exceeding the amount of any fees, premium, if any, and 
financing costs relating to such refinancing); provided that (i) as to any 
such assumed Indebtedness, such Indebtedness (other than any extension, 
renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement thereof) exists at the time 
of such acquisition and is not created in contemplation of such event and 
(ii) the Borrower is in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving 
effect to the assumption of such Indebtedness, with the covenants contained 
in Section 7.11;

(o) Indebtedness arising from judgments or orders in circumstances not 
constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(p) Indebtedness in respect of the Convertible Notes issued on the Closing 
Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the sum of (x) 
$300,000,000 plus (y) any interest that is paid-in-kind and otherwise added 
to the outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness and any interest 
that is accrued and unpaid in respect of such Indebtedness; provided that 
such $300,000,000 amount in clause (x) above shall increase in connection 
with any make-whole event or Corporate Event such that each $1.00 in 
outstanding principal amount shall be increased by $0.783478 to equal 
$1.783487, as described in the definitive documentation governing such 
Convertible Notes as in effect on the Closing Date;

(q) Indebtedness arising from or representing deferred compensation to 
employees of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries that constitute or 
are deemed to be Indebtedness under GAAP and that are incurred in the 
ordinary course of business;

(r) Indebtedness arising pursuant to clause (e) of the definition thereof 
as a result of Liens permitted under Sections 7.01(c), (d), (e), (f) and 
(j); and
 
83

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s) obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary existing or 
arising under any Treasury Management Services Agreement.

Section 7.04 Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, amalgamate, 
consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one 
transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its 
assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any 
Person, except that, so long as no Default exists or would result 
therefrom:

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Borrower; provided 
that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) any 
one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that when any 
wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary is merging with another Restricted 
Subsidiary, the continuing or surviving Person shall be a wholly-owned 
Restricted Subsidiary; provided, further, that when any Guarantor is 
merging with another Restricted Subsidiary, the continuing or surviving 
Person shall be a Guarantor;

(b) any Restricted Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of 
its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or to 
another Restricted Subsidiary (and thereafter dissolve, liquidate or 
wind-up its affairs); provided that if the transferor in such a transaction 
is a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary, then the transferee must either be 
the Borrower or a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary; provided, further, 
that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Guarantor, then the 
transferee must either be the Borrower or a Guarantor;

(c) any Disposition of a Restricted Subsidiary expressly permitted by 
Section 7.05 may be structured as a merger, consolidation or amalgamation 
to which such Restricted Subsidiary is a party and as a result of which 
such Restricted Subsidiary ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary; and

(d) any Investment expressly permitted by Section 7.02 may be structured as 
a merger, consolidation or amalgamation; provided that if the Borrower is a 
party thereto, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person; 
provided, further, that the continuing or surviving Person shall be the 
Borrower or a Guarantor to the extent required by Section 6.12.

Section 7.05 Dispositions. Make any Disposition except:

(a) Dispositions of (i) obsolete or worn out property or assets, whether 
now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business or (ii) 
equipment that is no longer useful in the conduct of the business of the 
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of 
business;

(b) Dispositions of inventory (including Hydrocarbons sold after severance) 
in the ordinary course of business;

(c) Dispositions of equipment or real property or other assets (other than 
(x) Oil and Gas Properties or (y) Investments in Restricted Subsidiaries) 
to the extent that (i) such equipment, property or other asset is exchanged 
for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement equipment, 
property or other asset or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are 
reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement 
equipment, property, or other assets;

(d) Dispositions of property or assets by any Restricted Subsidiary to the 
Borrower or to a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary or by the Borrower to 
any wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of 
such property or assets is a Loan Party, the transferee thereof must be a 
Loan Party;
 
84

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04(a) or Section 7.04(b);

(f) Dispositions of Electrical Assets;

(g) (1) Dispositions of Oil and Gas Properties which are sold or otherwise 
transferred for fair market value to Persons who are not Affiliates of 
Borrower, (2) farm-outs of undeveloped acreage and assignments in 
connection with such farm-outs or the abandonment, farm-out, exchange or 
Disposition of Oil and Gas Properties not containing Proved Reserves and 
(3) Dispositions of Oil and Gas Properties to which no value has been 
attributed by the Administrative Agent in the most recent determination of 
the Borrowing Base in the ordinary course of business; provided that (i) no 
Default or Event of Default exists at the time of and after giving effect 
to any such sale or other transfer of Collateral (other than Defaults that 
will be cured upon the application of the proceeds of such sale or other 
transfer), (ii) the Borrower must first give at least five Business Days 
notice to the Administrative Agent of any such sale, (iii) no Borrowing 
Base Deficiency shall exist and be continuing immediately prior to the 
consummation of such sale or other transfer, (iv) concurrently with such 
sale or other transfer the Borrower must pay in full any Borrowing Base 
Deficiency that results from the adjustment to the Borrowing Base in 
connection with such Disposition pursuant to Section 2.05(e) and (v) for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Disposition of Oil and Gas Properties pursuant 
to this Section 7.05(g) may be structured as a Disposition of Equity 
Interests in a Person, substantially all of whose assets consist of Oil and 
Gas Properties;

(h) [reserved];

(i) Dispositions of interest in Oil and Gas Properties in respect of 
Immaterial Title Deficiencies in order to discharge such Immaterial Title 
Deficiencies or an obligation giving rise thereto;

(j) Dispositions of overdue accounts receivable arising in the ordinary 
course of business, but only in connection with the compromise or 
collection thereof;

(k) Dispositions of Investments made pursuant to Sections 7.02(a), (d) and 
(g);

(l) Dispositions of Oil and Gas Properties to ventures pursuant to Section 
7.02(h); provided that no value was attributed to such Oil and Gas 
Properties in the then most recent determination of the Borrowing Base;

(m) Dispositions of assets to Royalty Trusts, and of Equity Interests in 
Royalty Trusts;

(n) any Disposition that constitutes an Investment that is permitted 
pursuant to Section, 7.02(h), Section 7.02(j) or Section 7.02(q); provided 
that such Dispositions may not consist of any Oil and Gas Properties 
included in the Borrowing Base;

(o) Dispositions of assets comprising the Loan Parties salt water 
gathering and disposal business, or of equity interests owned by the 
Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in persons that solely own assets 
of, and conduct the business of, the Loan Parties salt water gathering and 
disposal business;

(p) Dispositions of the Oklahoma Properties, including without limitation, 
Dispositions directly related to any sale-leaseback transaction with 
respect to the Oklahoma Properties; and
 
85

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(q) other Dispositions not exceeding $10,000,000 in the aggregate in any 
fiscal year of the Borrower and $30,000,000 in the aggregate at all times 
prior to the Maturity Date; provided that such Dispositions may not consist 
of any Oil and Gas Properties included in the Borrowing Base; provided, 
further, that, to the extent, the Borrower does not utilize all or any 
portion of the capacity provided pursuant to this clause (q) in any fiscal 
year, the Borrower shall be permitted to carry-forward any such unutilized 
capacity to the succeeding fiscal years.

Section 7.06 Restricted Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, 
any Restricted Payment except that, so long as no Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing at the time of any action described below or 
would result therefrom:

(a) each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the 
Borrower, the Guarantors and any other Person that owns an Equity Interest 
in such Restricted Subsidiary, ratably according to their respective 
holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted 
Payment is being made;

(b) the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare and make 
dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Qualified 
Stock of such Person;

(c) the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or 
otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it with the proceeds received 
from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its Qualified 
Stock;

(d) the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted 
Payments in respect of, and in the amount of, any withholding tax 
obligation related to the issuance, vesting, repurchase, forfeiture, 
transfer, liquidation, or distributions with respect to any equity 
compensation held by or for the benefit of the employees, officers or 
directors of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that the 
aggregate amount of payments under this clause (d) in any fiscal year of 
the Borrower shall not exceed $5,000,000; provided, further, that any 
Restricted Payments permitted (but not made) pursuant to this clause (d) in 
any prior fiscal year may be carried forward to any subsequent fiscal year 
(subject to an annual cap of no greater than $10,000,000);

(e) in the ordinary course of its business, the Borrower may make 
Restricted Payments pursuant to and in connection with stock option plans 
or other benefit plans or arrangements for directors, management, employees 
or consultants of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(f) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make Restricted 
Payments constituting purchases by the Borrower or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries of any other Subsidiarys capital stock pursuant to a 
transaction expressly permitted by Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(m)
);

(g) subject to satisfaction of the Available Amount Conditions, the 
Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments not 
otherwise permitted by this Section 7.06 in an amount not to exceed the 
Available Amount at such time; and

(h) so long as no Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred and is continuing 
or would result therefrom, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may 
make payments of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon the 
exercise of options or warrants or upon the conversion or exchange of 
Equity Interests or debt securities that are convertible into, or 
exchangeable for, Equity Interests of any such Person in accordance with 
their terms.
 
86

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.07 Change in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of 
business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by 
the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any 
business substantially related or incidental thereto.

Section 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of 
any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary 
course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially 
as favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be 
obtainable by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a 
comparable arms length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; 
provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (i) transactions 
between or among (x) the Borrower and any other Loan Party, (y) a 
Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party and any other Restricted 
Subsidiary that is a Loan Party or (z) a Restricted Subsidiary that is not 
a Loan Party and any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
or (ii) payment of customary cash and non-cash compensation, including 
stock option and similar employee benefit plans, to directors and officers 
on an arms length basis.

Section 7.09 Burdensome Agreements. After the date of this Agreement, enter 
into any Contractual Obligation (other than (x) this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document and (y) Permitted Debt Restrictions) that (a) limits the 
ability (i) of any Restricted Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the 
Borrower or any Guarantor or to otherwise transfer property to the Borrower 
or any Guarantor, (ii) of any Restricted Subsidiary to Guarantee the 
Indebtedness of the Borrower or (iii) of the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of 
such Person to secure any of the Loan Documents or (b) requires the grant 
of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to 
secure another obligation of such Person, or amend any Contractual 
Obligation existing on the date of this Agreement so as to impose or make 
more restrictive such a limitation, in each case other than the following: 
(A) any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of 
Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(b) and Section 7.03(f) solely to 
the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or 
the subject of such Indebtedness or property subject to a Lien permitted 
hereunder which secures such Indebtedness; (B) Swap Contracts and any 
Guarantee in respect of such Swap Contracts; (C) any encumbrances or 
restrictions imposed by reason of customary provisions contained in leases, 
licenses, joint ventures agreements and similar agreements entered into in 
the ordinary course of business; (D) any encumbrances or restrictions that 
are or were created by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to transfer or 
option or right with respect to any property, assets or capital stock not 
otherwise prohibited by this Agreement; (E) any restrictions regarding 
licenses or sublicenses by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of 
intellectual property in the ordinary course of business; (F) any 
restrictions in a Contractual Obligation incurred in the ordinary course of 
business and on customary terms which prohibit transfer of assets subject 
of the applicable Contractual Obligation; (G) restrictions on cash or other 
deposits or net worth imposed by customers, suppliers or, in the ordinary 
course of business, other third parties; (H) any restrictions contained in 
agreements related to Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(e), (m) or 
(n); and (I) any restriction contained in a Contractual Obligation relating 
to property, an interest in which has been Disposed of to a Royalty Trust, 
in accordance with Section 7.05.

Section 7.10 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, in 
violation of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X.

Section 7.11 Financial Covenants.

(a) Maximum Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio. Commencing with the 
first full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date, permit the 
Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter 
of the Borrower to exceed 3.50:1.00.
 
87

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Commencing with the first 
full fiscal quarter ending after Effective Date, permit the Consolidated 
Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower 
to be less than 2.25:1.00.

(c) Right to Cure. In the event the Borrower fails to comply with the 
requirements of Section 7.11(a) 7.11(b), then respect to any failure to 
comply with Section 7.11(a) or 7.11(b), until the expiration of the tenth 
Business Day subsequent to the date the Compliance Certificate for the 
applicable fiscal quarter is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 
6.02(a), the Borrower shall be permitted to cure any such failure to comply 
by requesting that such Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio and/or 
Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, as applicable, be recalculated by 
increasing Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter most recently ended 
by an amount equal to the proceeds of common equity issued by the Borrower 
or by contributions to the common equity of the Borrower received by the 
Borrower on or after the last day of such fiscal quarter and prior to the 
expiration of such ten Business Day Period (and such proceeds, Cure 
Proceeds); provided that the Borrower may not exercise its right to cure 
under this Section 7.11(c) more than twice, in the aggregate, in any four 
consecutive fiscal quarter period and more than five times, in the 
aggregate, prior to the Maturity Date. Any increase in Consolidated EBITDA 
pursuant to this Section 7.11(c) shall be taken into account in calculating 
the Financial Covenants under Sections 7.11(a) and 7.11(b) for any 
four-quarter period that includes the last fiscal quarter of the 
four-quarter period with respect to which such cure right was exercise. If 
after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Borrower would 
then be in compliance with the applicable Financial Covenant or Financial 
Covenants, the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements 
of such Financial Covenant or Financial Covenants as of the relevant 
earlier required date of determination with the same effect as though there 
had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable 
breach, Default or Event of Default that had occurred shall be deemed cured 
for the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents

Section 7.12 Hedge Transactions. Enter into any Oil and Gas Hedge 
Transactions which would cause the notional volume of Hydrocarbons for each 
of crude oil and natural gas, calculated separately, with respect to which 
a settlement payment is calculated under such Oil and Gas Hedge 
Transactions (other than basis swaps, floors and puts on volumes hedged 
pursuant to Swap Contracts) to exceed ninety percent (90%) of the 
Borrowers or such Restricted Subsidiarys production that may reasonably 
be anticipated to be produced from Proved Reserves during the period from 
the immediately preceding settlement date (or the commencement of such 
Hedge Transaction if there is no prior settlement date) to such settlement 
date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Parties may purchase 
commodity puts and floors without limitation. Calculations in respect of 
the foregoing shall cover production for the immediately following 66 month 
period and be based on the most recently delivered Engineering Report 
(subject to certain adjustments as may be required by acquisitions or 
dispositions made subsequent to the date of such Engineering Report) and 
any additional information reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent delivered by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent subsequent 
to the publication of the most recently delivered Engineering Report.

Section 7.13 Sanctions. Directly or, to the Borrowers knowledge, 
indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or 
otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture 
partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or 
business with any individual or entity that, at the time of such funding, 
is the subject of Sanctions, or with or in any country that, at the time of 
such funding, is a Designated Jurisdiction, or in any other manner that 
will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any 
individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, 
Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers, or otherwise) of Sanctions.
 
88

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.14 Anti-Corruption Laws. Directly or, to the Borrowers 
knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any 
purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, or other similar legislation in other 
jurisdictions.


Section 7.15 Prepayment of Restricted Debt.

(a) Optionally prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior 
to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner (it being understood that 
mandatory payments shall be permitted to the extent permitted by the 
applicable provisions of the intercreditor agreement applicable thereto; 
provided that no such mandatory payments shall be made using any funds or 
proceeds that may otherwise be reinvested by the Borrower), any Principal 
Debt Obligations or any other Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(c)
, Section 7.03(o) or Section 7.03(l) (collectively, Restricted Debt) or 
make any payment in violation of any terms of any Restricted Debt 
Documentation, except (i) with the proceeds of, or in exchange for, any 
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, (ii) the conversion of any 
Restricted Debt to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the 
Borrower, (iii) the redemption of any Restricted Debt with the Net Cash 
Proceeds of any offering of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified 
Stock) of the Borrower, (iv) subject to the satisfaction of the Available 
Amount Conditions, other prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances 
and other payments in respect of Restricted Debt in an amount not to exceed 
the Available Amount at such time.

(b) Amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to the 
interests of the Lenders any term or condition of any Restricted Debt 
Documentation without the consent of the Majority Lenders; provided that 
nothing herein shall limit the ability of the Company to make 
payment-in-kind interest payments or additions to the principal amount in 
connection with the Convertible Notes as contemplated by Section 7.03(p).


ARTICLE VIII
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

Section 8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an 
Event of Default:

(a) Non-Payment. The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when 
and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Committed 
Loan or any L/C Obligation; (ii) within three Business Days after the same 
becomes due, any interest on any Committed Loan or on any L/C Obligation, 
or any fee due hereunder; or (iii) within five Business Days that the same 
has come due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan 
Document; or

(b) Specific Covenants. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, 
covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.03(a), Section 6.05(a) 
(with respect to the Borrower only), Section 6.11, Section 6.12, Section 
6.18 or Article VII; or

(c) Other Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other 
covenant or agreement (not specified in clause (a) or (b) above) contained 
in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such 
failure continues for 30 days after receipt of written notice from the 
Administrative Agent of the occurrence of such failure; or

(d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, or 
certification made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any 
other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document 
delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or
 
89

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Cross-Default. (i) The Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) fails 
to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required 
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any 
Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and 
Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount 
(including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts 
owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) 
of more than the Threshold Amount or (B) fails to observe or perform any 
other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee 
or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or 
relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or 
other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such 
Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a 
trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or 
beneficiaries) to cause, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due 
or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or 
otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such 
Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to 
become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; or 
(ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as 
defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from any event of default under 
such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
(excluding Immaterial Subsidiaries) is the Defaulting Party (as defined in 
such Swap Contract) and the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or 
such Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the 
Threshold Amount; or

(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries (excluding Immaterial Subsidiaries) institutes or consents to 
the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes a 
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents 
to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, 
liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any 
material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, 
conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed 
without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment 
continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any 
material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such 
Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an 
order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or

(g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) The Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary (excluding Immaterial Subsidiaries) becomes unable or admits in 
writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become 
due or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar 
process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the 
property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded 
within 30 days after its issue or levy; or

(h) Judgments. There is entered against the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of 
money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding 
the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party 
insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) or (ii) any 
one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by 
any creditor upon such judgment or order or (B) there is a period of 30 
consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by 
reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or

(i) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to 
result in a Material Adverse
 
90

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, 
after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment 
payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of 
ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(j) Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any material provision of the Loan 
Documents, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason 
other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction 
in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or 
any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or 
enforceability of any material provision of the Loan Documents; or any Loan 
Party denies that it has any material or further liability or obligation 
under any material provision of the Loan Documents, or purports to revoke, 
terminate or rescind any material provision of the Loan Documents; or

(k) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control;

(l) Collateral Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof 
pursuant to the Security Agreement or Section 4.01, Section 6.12 or 
Section 6.14 hereof shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms 
thereof) cease to create a valid and perfected first-priority Lien (subject 
to Liens permitted by Section 7.01) on any material portion of the 
Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents;

(m) Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement; Junior Lien Financing 
Documentation. (i) Any of the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the 
Loan Documents for any reason shall cease to be Priority Lien Obligations 
(or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, the Convertible Notes 
Intercreditor Agreement shall, in whole or in part, otherwise cease to be 
effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against the 
holders thereof (or any applicable trustee or representative on behalf of 
such holders), (ii) any of the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the 
Loan Documents for any reason shall cease to be First Lien Obligations 
(or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, the Junior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement under, and as defined in any Junior Lien Financing 
Documentation or (iii) the lien subordination provisions set forth in any 
Junior Lien Financing Documentation shall, in whole or in part, cease to be 
effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against the 
holders of any Junior Lien Debt, if applicable; or

Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs 
and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of 
Majority Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:

(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Committed Loans and any 
obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be 
terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Committed Loans, 
all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or 
payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due 
and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;

(c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an 
amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and

(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all 
rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under 
the Loan Documents;
 
91

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of 
an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code, 
the obligation of each Lender to make Committed Loans and any obligation of 
each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically 
terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Committed Loans 
and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become 
due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize 
the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in 
each case without further act of, and without the need for notice from, the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender.

Section 8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided 
for in Section 8.02 (or after the Committed Loans have automatically become 
immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been 
required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 
8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied 
by the Administrative Agent in the following order:

(a) First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, 
indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and 
disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable 
under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as 
such;

(b) Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting 
fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and 
Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers 
(including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective 
Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees and time charges for attorneys 
who may be employees of any Lender or any L/C Issuer) and amounts payable 
under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective 
amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

(c) Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting 
accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Committed 
Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and 
the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this 
clause Third payable to them;

(d) Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting 
unpaid principal of the Committed Loans and L/C Borrowings, amounts payable 
under Swap Contracts, amounts payable under Treasury Management Services 
Agreements, and to the Administrative Agent for the account of each L/C 
Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of 
the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among the 
Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Lender Counterparties, in proportion to 
the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and

(e) Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been 
indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

Subject to Section 2.03(d), amounts used to Cash Collateralize the 
aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth 
above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as 
they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all 
Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining 
amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set 
forth above.
 
92

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IX
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

Section 9.01 Appointment and Authority.

(a) Each of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints 
Royal Bank of Canada to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the 
Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise 
such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms 
hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably 
incidental thereto. Except to the extent Sections 9.01(b) and 9.06 
expressly contemplate rights of others, the provisions of this Article IX 
are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the 
L/C Issuers, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party 
beneficiary of any of such provisions.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under 
the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender 
and potential Lender Counterparty) and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably 
appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of 
such Lender and such L/C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and 
enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan 
Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and 
discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the 
Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents 
and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to 
Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the 
Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, 
or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of 
the Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all 
provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c), as 
though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the 
collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein 
with respect thereto.

Section 9.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative 
Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a 
Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not 
the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless 
otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its 
individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits 
from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory 
capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower 
or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the 
Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to 
the Lenders.

Section 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent shall not 
have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and 
in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Administrative Agent:

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, 
regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise 
any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly 
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative 
Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority 
Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be 
expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided 
that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action 
that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the 
Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document 
or applicable Law; and

(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan 
Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the 
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its 
Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the 
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
93

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not 
taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders 
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, 
or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be 
necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.02 and 10.01) 
or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, 
in each case as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court 
of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to 
have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such 
Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or 
an L/C Issuer.

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to 
ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation 
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
(ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered 
hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the 
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other 
terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any 
Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of 
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument 
or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported 
to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency 
of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in 
Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items 
expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.


Section 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not 
incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, 
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any 
electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other 
distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or 
otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also 
may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed 
by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any 
liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition 
hereunder to the making of a Committed Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of 
Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender 
or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition 
is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative 
Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such 
L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Committed Loan or the issuance of 
such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal 
counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and 
other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken 
or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, 
accountants or experts.

Section 9.05 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any 
and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under 
any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed 
by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such 
sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and 
powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory 
provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the 
Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and 
shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the 
syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as 
activities as the Administrative Agent.

Section 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent 
may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C 
Issuers and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such
 
94

------------------------------------------------------------------------
notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right, in 
consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a 
bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank 
with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been 
so appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such 
appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives 
notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may (in 
consultation with the Borrower) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C 
Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the 
qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent 
shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has 
accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become 
effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring 
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of 
any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the 
Lenders or the L/C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring 
Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until 
such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) all 
payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or 
through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender 
and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Majority Lenders 
appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this 
Section 9.06. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as 
Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become 
vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative 
Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder 
or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as 
provided above in this Section 9.06). The fees payable by the Borrower to a 
successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its 
predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such 
successor. After the retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder 
and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and 
Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring 
Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties 
in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while 
the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.

Any resignation by Royal Bank of Canada as Administrative Agent pursuant to 
this Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer. 
Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent 
hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all 
of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, 
(b) the retiring L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of their 
respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan 
Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit 
in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time 
of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring 
L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer 
with respect to such Letters of Credit.

Section 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each 
Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and 
without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any 
of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it 
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter 
into this Agreement. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that 
it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent 
or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such 
documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, 
continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or 
based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement 
or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

Section 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, the Arranger shall not have any powers, duties or 
responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity (and solely 
in such capacity), as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or 
an L/C Issuer hereunder.
 
95

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the 
pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other 
judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent 
(irrespective of whether the principal of any Committed Loan or L/C 
Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by 
declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative 
Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and 
empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and 
interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Committed Loans, L/C 
Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file 
such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the 
claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent 
(including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, 
disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the 
Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other 
amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under 
Sections 2.03(j) and (k), 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial 
proceeding; and

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or 
deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or 
other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized 
by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make such payments to the 
Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall 
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C 
Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the 
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the 
Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due 
the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative 
Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender 
or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or 
composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any 
L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the 
claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.

Section 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C 
Issuers irrevocably authorize:

(a) and instruct the Administrative Agent to release (and the following 
shall automatically be released without any further action on the part of 
any Person): any Lien on any property granted to or held by the 
Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the 
Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than 
contingent indemnification obligations, obligations with respect to Swap 
Contracts and obligations with respect to Treasury Management Services 
Agreements) and the expiration, termination or Cash Collateralization in 
full of all Letters of Credit, (ii) which property is Disposed of or to be 
Disposed of as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) which property is owned 
by a Subsidiary at the time it is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or 
(iv) subject to Section 10.01, if approved, authorized or ratified in 
writing by the Majority Lenders;
 
96

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) and instruct the Administrative Agent to release (and the following 
Guarantors shall automatically be released without any further action on 
the part of any Person): (i) any Guarantor from its obligations under the 
Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of 
a transaction permitted hereunder and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary from 
its obligations under any Collateral Document upon its designation as an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(c) the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to 
subordinate or release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the 
Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on 
such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i) or Section 7.01(j); and

(d) and instruct the Administrative Agent to release (and the following 
shall automatically be released without any further action on the part of 
any Person): any Lien on any property (an interest in which has been 
Disposed of to a Royalty Trust) granted to or held by the Administrative 
Agent under any Loan Document if, and when, a Lien on such property is 
granted in favor of such Royalty Trust.

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Majority Lenders 
will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release or 
subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to 
release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to 
this Section 9.10. In each case as specified in this Section 9.10, the 
Administrative Agent will, at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver 
to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may 
reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from 
the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents 
or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor 
from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance with 
the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10.

The benefit of the Collateral Documents and of the provisions of this 
Agreement relating to any collateral securing the Obligations shall also 
extend to and be available to each Lender Counterparty in respect of any 
Obligations owed to such Lender Counterparty under any Swap Contract. 
Except as set forth in Sections 10.01(f), no Lender Counterparty shall have 
any voting rights under any Loan Document as a result of the existence of 
Obligations owed to it under any Swap Contract.

Section 9.11 Flood Insurance. The Administrative Agent has adopted internal 
policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally 
regulated lenders under the Flood Insurance Regulations. The Administrative 
Agent will post on the Platform (or otherwise distribute to each lender in 
the syndicate) documents that it receives, if any, in connection with the 
Flood Insurance Regulations. However, the Administrative Agent reminds each 
Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood 
Insurance Regulations, each federally regulated lender (whether acting as a 
Lender or a Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its 
own compliance with the Flood Insurance Regulations.

Section 9.12 Intercreditor Agreements. Each Lender (and each Person that 
becomes a Lender hereunder pursuant Section 10.06) hereby irrevocably 
authorizes and directors the Administrative Agent to enter into (a) the 
Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement and (b) any other Junior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of such Lender, in each case, as needed 
to effectuate the transactions permitted by this Agreement and agrees that 
the Administrative Agent may take such actions on its behalf as is 
contemplated by the terms of such applicable intercreditor agreement. 
Without limiting the provisions of Sections 9.03 and 10.04, each Lender 
hereby consents to the Administrative Agent and any successor serving in 
such capacity and agrees not to assert any claim (including as a result of 
any conflict of interest) against the Administrative Agent, or any such 
successor, arising from the role of the
 
97

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrative Agent or such successor under the Loan Documents or any such 
intercreditor agreement so long as it is either acting in accordance with 
the terms of such documents and otherwise has not engaged in gross 
negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in a final and 
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). In addition, 
the Administrative Agent to, without any further consent of any Lender 
(other than the consent as to the form of Junior Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement contemplated by the definition of Junior Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement), enter into a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement with the 
collateral agent or other representatives of the holders of Indebtedness 
permitted under Section 7.03 that is intended to be secured on a junior 
basis to the Liens securing the Obligations, in each case, where such 
Indebtedness is secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.01. The 
Administrative Agent may rely exclusively on a certificate of a Responsible 
Officer of the Borrower as to whether any such other Liens are permitted. 
The Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement and any Junior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement entered into by the Administrative Agent in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be binding on the Secured 
Parties.


ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of 
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure 
by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective 
unless in writing signed by the Majority Lenders and the Borrower or the 
applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the 
Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective 
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; 
provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any 
Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent 
of such Lender;

(b) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, 
fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or 
under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender 
directly affected thereby;

(c) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, 
any Committed Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of the 
second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of 
each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, that only the 
consent of the Majority Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition 
of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay 
interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate;

(d) change Section 2.14 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the 
pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent 
of each Lender adversely affected thereby;

(e) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of 
Majority Lenders, Required Lenders, Applicable Percentage or any 
other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders 
required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make 
any determination or grant any consent hereunder without the written 
consent of each Lender;

(f) amend, modify or waive this Agreement or the Security Agreement so as 
to alter the ratable treatment of Obligations arising under the Loan 
Documents and Obligations arising under Hedge Transactions or the 
definition of Lender Counterparty, Hedge Transactions, Obligations or 
Secured Obligations in a manner adverse to any Lender Counterparty except 
with the written consent of each affected Lender Counterparty;
 
98

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty without 
the written consent of each Lender;

(h) amend any provision of Section 2.05(c), Section 2.05(d) or Section 
2.05(e) relating to the automatic reduction of the Borrowing Base set forth 
therein, in each case without the written consent of the Required Lenders; 
or

(i) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction 
or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each 
Lender;

provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless 
in writing and signed by each L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders 
required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuers under this 
Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or 
to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in 
writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders 
required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent 
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iii) Section 10.06(g)
 may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of 
each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Committed Loans are being 
funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other 
modification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no 
Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any 
amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except as provided in clauses (a), 
(b), (c) and (to the extent such Defaulting Lenders rights are directly 
and adversely affected thereby) (e) above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender consent is required to effect any 
amendment or supplement to the Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement, 
any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or 
arrangement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of 
adding any holders of Junior Lien Debt, as expressly contemplated by the 
terms of the Convertible Notes Intercreditor Agreement, such Junior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or 
arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being 
understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other 
changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith 
determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate the 
foregoing; provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any 
material respect, to the interests of the Lenders); provided, further, that 
no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or 
duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan 
Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

Section 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other 
communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as 
provided in clause (b) below), all notices and other communications 
provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or 
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent 
by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications 
expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the 
applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, to the 
address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number 
specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and
 
99

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic 
mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative 
Questionnaire.

Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified 
or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; 
notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent 
(except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, 
shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next 
business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic 
communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below, shall be 
effective as provided in such clause (b).

(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the 
Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by 
electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet 
websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; 
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any 
L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as 
applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of 
receiving notices under such Article II by electronic communication. The 
Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to 
accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic 
communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that 
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or 
communications.

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other 
communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the 
senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as 
by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or 
other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other 
communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the 
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent 
at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient and 
(ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website 
shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient 
at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of 
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying 
the website address therefor.

(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE 
AGENT PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER 
MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY 
FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF 
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE 
BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE 
PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related 
Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the 
Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, 
contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative 
Agents transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to 
the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and 
non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event 
shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, any 
L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, 
consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).

(d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent 
and the L/C Issuers may change its address, telecopier or telephone number 
for notices and other communications
 
100

------------------------------------------------------------------------
hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may 
change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other 
communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative 
Agent and each L/C Issuer. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the 
Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative 
Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone 
number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and 
other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for 
such Lender.

(e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders. The 
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to 
rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of the 
Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified 
herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form 
of notice specified herein or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the 
recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall 
indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the 
Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and 
liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice 
purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices 
to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be 
recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby 
consents to such recording.

Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Person to 
exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, 
power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall 
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege 
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers 
and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any 
rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law.


Section 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out of 
pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates 
(including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for 
the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit 
facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, 
delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or 
thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby 
shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred 
by each L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or 
extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and 
(iii) all out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any 
Lender or any L/C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of 
any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), 
and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees 
of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, in connection 
with the enforcement of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04
, or (B) in connection with the Committed Loans made or Letters of Credit 
issued hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during 
any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Committed 
Loans or Letters of Credit.

(b) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the 
Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each L/C 
Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such 
Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee 
harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related 
expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for 
any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from 
all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be 
employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against 
any Indemnitee by
 
101

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, 
in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument 
contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of 
their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the 
Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties 
only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, 
(ii) any Committed Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of 
the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a 
demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in 
connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such 
Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of 
Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related 
in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual 
or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to 
any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, 
whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan 
Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL 
CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE 
COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; provided 
that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the 
extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses 
(x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and 
non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by 
the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in 
bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other 
Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and 
nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction. No Loan Party will, without the prior written 
consent of the relevant Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened claim, 
litigation, investigation or proceeding (any of the foregoing, a 
Proceeding) against an Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity could have 
been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement 
includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or 
claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding and (ii) does not 
include any statement as to any admission. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
no Loan Party shall be liable for any settlement of any pending or 
threatened Proceeding effected without the Borrowers prior written consent 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any 
reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under clause (a) or 
(b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or 
any sub-agent thereof), the applicable L/C Issuer or any Related Party of 
any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the 
Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the applicable L/C Issuer or 
such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage 
(determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or 
indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the 
unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or 
related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against 
the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the applicable L/C 
Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the 
foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or 
applicable L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of 
the Lenders under this clause (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 
2.13(d).

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable Law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any 
claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, 
indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual 
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument 
contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any 
Committed Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No 
Indemnitee
 
102

------------------------------------------------------------------------
referred to in clause (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising 
from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials 
distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through 
telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in 
connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual 
damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such 
Indemnitee as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court 
of competent jurisdiction.

(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not 
later than ten Business Days after demand therefor.

(f) Survival. The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the 
resignation of the Administrative Agent and any L/C Issuer, the replacement 
of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the 
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

Section 10.05 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on 
behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the applicable 
L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or 
any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds 
of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to 
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to 
any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or 
such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any 
other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or 
part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and 
continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or 
such setoff had not occurred and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer 
severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its 
applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or 
repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of 
such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to 
the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the 
Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence 
shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of 
this Agreement.


Section 10.06 Successors and Assigns.

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the 
Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the 
Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise 
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an 
assignee in accordance with the provisions of clause (b) of this Section 
10.06, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of 
clause (d) of this Section 10.06, (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a 
security interest subject to the restrictions of clause (f) of this 
Section 10.06, or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of 
clause (g) of this Section 10.06 (and any other attempted assignment or 
transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this 
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any 
Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and 
assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in clause (d)
 of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, 
the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers 
and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by 
reason of this Agreement.

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or 
more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement (including all or a portion of
 
103

------------------------------------------------------------------------
its Commitment and the Committed Loans (including for purposes of this 
clause (b), participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); 
provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following 
conditions:


(i) Minimum Amounts.

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the 
assigning Lenders Commitment and the Committed Loans at the time owing to 
it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or 
an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B) in any case not described in clause (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.06, 
the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes 
Committed Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then 
in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Committed Loans of the 
assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date 
the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered 
to the Administrative Agent or, if a Trade Date is specified in the 
Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 
$5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event 
of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents 
(each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, 
however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and 
concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single 
assignee (or to an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be 
treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such 
minimum amount has been met.

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an 
assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and 
obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Committed Loans or the 
Commitment assigned;

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment 
except to the extent required by clause (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 
and, in addition:

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such 
assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; 
provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such 
assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the 
Administrative Agent within five Business Days after having received notice 
thereof;

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is 
to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an 
Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and the consent of the L/C 
Issuers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be 
required for any assignment.

(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall 
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and 
Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee per assignment 
payable by the assignor (subject to Section 10.13(a)) directly to the 
Administrative Agent in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the 
Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such 
processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, 
if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an 
Administrative Questionnaire.
 
104

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v) No Assignment to Borrower. No such assignment shall be made to the 
Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries.

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to 
a natural person.

(vii) No Assignment to Defaulting Lenders. No such assignment shall be made 
to a Defaulting Lender.

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent 
pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 10.06, from and after the effective 
date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder 
shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest 
assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations 
of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder 
shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and 
Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in 
the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning 
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall 
cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the 
benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04 with respect to facts and 
circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. 
Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a 
Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of 
rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this 
clause (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by 
such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance 
with clause (d) of this Section 10.06.

(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a 
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative 
Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and 
a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, 
and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Committed Loans and 
L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from 
time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the 
Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all 
purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The 
Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, 
at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or 
notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to 
any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the 
Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a 
portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement 
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Committed Loans 
(including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); 
provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall 
remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the 
other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the 
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall 
continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with 
such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement.

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a 
participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to 
enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver 
of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or 
instrument
 
105

------------------------------------------------------------------------
may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the 
Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described 
in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. 
Subject to clause (e) of this Section 10.06, the Borrower agrees that each 
Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, and 
3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its 
interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 10.06. To the 
extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the 
benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such 
Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a 
Lender.

Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this 
purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on 
which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal 
amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the 
Committed Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the 
Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation 
to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the 
identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants 
interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other 
obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent 
that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, 
letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 
5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the 
Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such 
Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant 
Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this 
Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) 
shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be 
entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or Section 3.04 
than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect 
to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the 
participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written 
consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender 
shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Borrower 
is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such 
Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with 
Section 3.01(e) as though it were a Lender.

(f) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security 
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement 
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, 
including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal 
Reserve Bank or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender; 
provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from 
any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee 
for such Lender as a party hereto.

(g) Special Purpose Funding Vehicles. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender) may grant to a 
special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to 
time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower 
(an SPC) the option to provide all or any part of any Committed Loan that 
such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this 
Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment 
by any SPC to fund any Committed Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to 
exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such 
Committed Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such 
Committed Loan pursuant to the terms hereof or, if it fails to do so, to 
make such payment to the Administrative Agent as is required under Section 
2.13(b)(ii). Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to 
any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs 
or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower 
under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.04), (ii) 
no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation 
under this Agreement for which a Lender would be
 
106

------------------------------------------------------------------------
liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the 
approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of 
any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a 
Committed Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the 
Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Committed Loan were 
made by such Granting Lender. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party 
hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the 
payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of 
any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in 
instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, 
insolvency, or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United States 
or any State thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing 
fee to the Administrative Agent in the amount of $3,500, assign all or any 
portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Committed Loan 
to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any 
non-public information relating to its funding of Committed Loans to any 
rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or 
Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.

(h) Resignation as an L/C Issuer after Assignment. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained herein, if at any time an L/C Issuer assigns all 
of its Commitment and Committed Loans pursuant to clause (b) above, such 
L/C Issuer may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, 
resign as an L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as L/C 
Issuer, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a 
successor L/C Issuer hereunder (and any such appointment shall be subject 
to the acceptance of such appointed Lender); provided, however, that no 
failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the 
resignation of the exiting L/C Issuer as L/C Issuer. If such L/C Issuer 
resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges 
and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of 
Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C 
Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to 
require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in 
Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(d)). Upon the appointment of 
a successor L/C Issuer, (i) such successor shall succeed to and become 
vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring L/C Issuer and (ii) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters 
of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at 
the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the 
exiting L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of exiting L/C 
Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit.

Section 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of 
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer agrees to 
maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information 
may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates 
respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and 
representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such 
disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such 
Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to 
the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have 
jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent 
required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar 
legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the 
exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any 
action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an 
agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this 
Section 10.07, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective 
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) 
to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its 
obligations, (g) to credit rating agencies, the CUSIP Service Bureau and 
credit insurers, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent 
such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a 
breach of this Section 10.07 or (y) becomes available to the Administrative 
Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on 
a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.
 
107

------------------------------------------------------------------------
For purposes of this Section 10.07, Information means all information 
received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or 
any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such 
information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or 
any L/C Issuer on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of information 
received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such 
information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as nonpublic and 
confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of 
Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have 
complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same 
degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such 
Person would accord to confidential information of a similar nature.

Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers 
acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public 
information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
(b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material 
non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public 
information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state 
securities Laws.

In addition, the Arranger, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may 
disclose the existence of this Agreement and the substantive terms of this 
Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the 
lending industry and service providers to the Arranger, the Administrative 
Agent or a Lender, as applicable, in connection with the administration of 
this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments.

Section 10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their 
respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to 
time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and 
apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional 
or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in 
whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any 
such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against 
any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing 
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C 
Issuer, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall 
have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 
although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or 
are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different 
from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such 
indebtedness. The rights of each Lender, each L/C Issuer and their 
respective Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other 
rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, 
such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and 
each L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent 
promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure 
to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and 
application.

Section 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be 
paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of 
non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If 
the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount 
that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the 
principal of the Committed Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, 
refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted 
for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds 
the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable 
Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee,
 
108

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the 
effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal 
or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated 
term of the Obligations hereunder.

Section 10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may 
be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different 
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which 
when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties 
relating to the subject matter hereof, supersede any and all previous 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject 
matter hereof. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE 
FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO AND MAY NOT BE 
CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL 
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN 
THE PARTIES. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall 
become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative 
Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts 
hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other 
parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of 
this Agreement by telecopy facsimile, photocopy or by sending a scanned 
copy by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually 
executed counterpart of this Agreement. To the extent any inconsistency 
exists between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of 
this Agreement shall be deemed controlling.

Section 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All 
representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan 
Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in 
connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery 
hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will 
be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of 
any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on 
their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any 
Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any 
Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as 
any Committed Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or 
unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.

Section 10.12 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other 
Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the 
legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired 
thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to 
replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid 
provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that 
of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a 
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 10.13 Replacement of Lenders. If (i) any Lender requests 
compensation under Section 3.04, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any 
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the 
account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, (iii) any Lender is a 
Defaulting Lender, or (iv) any Lender is unwilling to approve an increase 
in the Borrowing Base or other amendment hereto which has been approved by 
the Required Lenders but requires approval of such Lender to be effective, 
then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such 
Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and 
delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the 
restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of 
its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related 
Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which 
assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); 
provided that:

(a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment 
fee specified in Section 10.06(b);
 
109

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal of its Committed Loans and L/C Advances, accrued 
interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under 
Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding 
principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of 
all other amounts);

(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for 
compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to 
Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such 
compensation or payments thereafter;

(d) in the case of an assignment resulting from clause (iv) above, such 
assignment will result in effectiveness of such increase or amendment; and

(e) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation 
if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the 
circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and 
delegation cease to apply.

Each Lender hereby grants to the Administrative Agent an irrevocable power 
of attorney (which power is coupled with an interest) to execute and 
deliver, on behalf of such Lender as assignor, any Assignment and 
Assumption necessary to effectuate any assignment of such Lenders 
interests hereunder in the circumstances contemplated by this Section 10.13
.


Section 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK 
COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF 
NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY 
THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF 
ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND 
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH 
OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS 
BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN 
THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT A 
PARTY HERETO MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING 
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANOTHER PARTY HERETO 
OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
 
110

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY 
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION 
THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (b) OF THIS SECTION 10.14. EACH 
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE 
MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE 
OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN 
THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS 
IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Section 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY 
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY 
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR 
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, 
TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, 
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS 
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL 
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15.

Section 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.

In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the 
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the credit facility provided for 
hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection 
therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other 
modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arms-length 
commercial transaction between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one 
hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the 
other hand, and the Borrower is capable of evaluating and understanding and 
understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any 
amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof); (ii) in 
connection with the process leading to such transaction, the Administrative 
Agent, the Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a 
principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the 
Borrower or any of its Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or 
any other Person; (iii) neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor 
any Lender has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary 
responsibility in favor of the Borrower with respect to any of the 
transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including 
with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of 
any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent, 
the Arranger or any Lender has advised or is currently advising the 
Borrower or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and neither the 
Administrative Agent nor the Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to 
the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions 
contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and 
in the other Loan Documents; (iv) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, 
each Lender and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range 
of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the 
Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative
 
111

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agent nor the Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of 
such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; 
and (v) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders have not 
provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax 
advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby 
(including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any 
other Loan Document) and the Borrower has consulted its own legal, 
accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed 
appropriate. The Borrower hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent 
permitted by Law, any claims that it may have against the Administrative 
Agent, the Arranger and each Lender with respect to any breach or alleged 
breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with the Transactions.

Section 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer that 
is subject to the PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and 
not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to 
the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and 
record information that identifies the Borrower and the Guarantors, which 
information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other 
information that will allow such Lender, L/C Issuer or the Administrative 
Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the 
PATRIOT Act. The Borrower shall promptly provide such additional 
information and documentation reasonably requested by any Lender, L/C 
Issuer or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Lender, L/C 
Issuer or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under the 
PATRIOT Act.

Section 10.18 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other 
Documents. The words execute, execution, signed, signature and 
words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in 
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
(including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions, amendments or 
other modifications, Committed Loan Notices, waivers and consents) shall be 
deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of 
assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved 
by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, 
each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability 
as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping 
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any 
applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and 
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records 
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic 
Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein 
to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to 
accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly 
agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by 
it.

Section 10.19 Amendment and Restatement. It is the intention of each of the 
parties hereto that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended and restated 
in its entirety pursuant hereto so as to preserve and continue the 
perfection and priority of all Liens securing Indebtedness and Obligations 
under the Existing Credit Agreement and that all Indebtedness and 
Obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and under the 
other Loan Documents shall be secured by the Liens evidenced under the 
Collateral Documents and that this Agreement does not constitute a novation 
or termination of the Indebtedness and Obligations existing under the 
Existing Credit Agreement. In addition, unless specifically amended hereby, 
each of the Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect and 
that, from and after the Closing Date, all references to the Credit 
Agreement contained therein shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. 
The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to amend and restate 
each of the Security Agreement and the Guaranty, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in order to, among other things, 
reflect the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement 
pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 10.20 Keepwell. The Borrower absolutely, unconditionally, and 
irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be 
needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to
 
112

------------------------------------------------------------------------
honor all of its obligations under the Guaranty in respect of any Swap 
Obligations (provided, however, that the Borrower shall only be liable 
under this Section 10.20 for the maximum amount of such liability that can 
be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 
10.20, or otherwise under this Agreement, voidable under applicable Law 
relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any 
greater amount). The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 10.20 
shall remain in full force and effect until the payment in full of the 
Obligations and the termination of this Agreement and the Guaranty. The 
Borrower intends that this Section 10.20 constitute, and this Section 10.20 
shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement 
for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 
1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
 
113

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B
to Refinancing Amendment

Schedule 2.01

Commitments and Applicable Percentages
 
Lender
   	Commitment 	  	   	Applicable Percentage 	 
 Royal Bank of Canada
   	$ 	84,000,000 	   	   	  	14.00 	% 
 Barclays Bank PLC
   	$ 	84,000,000 	   	   	  	14.00 	% 
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.
   	$ 	84,000,000 	   	   	  	14.00 	% 
 UBS AG, Stamford Branch
   	$ 	66,000,000 	   	   	  	11.00 	% 
 SunTrust Bank
   	$ 	66,000,000 	   	   	  	11.00 	% 
 Natixis, New York Branch
   	$ 	66,000,000 	   	   	  	11.00 	% 
 Citizens Bank, N.A.
   	$ 	66,000,000 	   	   	  	11.00 	% 
 Capital One, National Association
   	$ 	66,000,000 	   	   	  	11.00 	% 
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC
   	$ 	6,000,000 	   	   	  	1.00 	% 
 NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC
   	$ 	6,000,000 	   	   	  	1.00 	% 
 Macquarie Bank Limited
   	$ 	6,000,000 	   	   	  	1.00 	% 
   	
 
 
  	   	
 
 
 
   Total
   	$ 	600,000,000 	   	   	  	100 	% 
   	
 
 
  	   	
 
 
 
 
114