 EX-10.1 2 gbsn-ex101_6.htm EX-10.1
 
January 2, 2017
 
______________
______________
Attention: _____
 
Dear Sirs:

This agreement (this “Agreement”) is being delivered to you in connection 
with that certain understanding by and among Great Basin Scientific, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation, with headquarters located at 420 E. South Temple, 
Suite 520, Salt Lake City, UT 84111 (the “Company”) and [       ]. (the “
Holder”).

Reference is hereby made to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, 
dated June 29, 2016, by and among the Company, the Holder and certain other 
buyers signatory thereto (the “2016 SPA”), pursuant to which the Holder 
acquired (i) senior secured convertible notes (the “2016 Holder Notes”) and 
(ii) warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock as (the “2016 Holder 
Warrants”). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as 
set forth in the 2016 SPA or in the 2016 Holder Notes, as applicable.

The Holder, constituting the Required Holders under the 2016 Notes, and the 
Company hereby agree to amend the 2016 Notes pursuant to Section 19 of the 
2016 Notes as set forth herein, which amendments shall be binding on the 
Holder and all holders of the Other Notes (the "Other Holders").

A new clause (c) shall be added to Section 18 of the 2016 Notes providing 
as follows:

"(c)Leak-Out.  

(i)During the period commencing on January 3, 2017 (the “Effective Date”) 
and ending with close of trading on January 31, 2017, exclusive (such 
period, the "Restricted Period"), neither the Holder, nor any of its Buyer 
Trading Affiliates (as defined in the 2016 SPA), collectively, shall sell, 
directly or indirectly, (including, without limitation, any sales, short 
sales, swaps or any derivative transactions that would be equivalent to any 
sales or short positions) on any Trading Day during the Restricted Period 
(any such date, a “Date of Determination”), more than the Holder's Pro Rata 
Share (as defined below) of the trading volume of Common Stock on the 
Principal Market (or such other primary market in which the Common Stock is 
then trading) as reported by Bloomberg for the applicable Date of 
Determination; provided, that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to 
any actual “long” (as defined in Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) sales by 
the Holder or any of its Buyer Trading Affiliates at a price greater than 
$2.50 per share (in each case, as adjusted for stock splits, stock 
dividends, stock combinations,

DOC ID - 25487278.5
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
recapitalizations or other similar events occurring after the Effective 
Date) (each such transfer a “Permitted Transfer”).  As used herein, "
Holder's Pro Rata Share" means 40% of a percentage determined by 
multiplying 100 and a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the 
outstanding Principal amount of this Note on the Effective Date and (ii) 
the denominator of which is the sum of (x) the outstanding Principal amount 
of this Note and (y) the outstanding principal amounts of all Other Notes 
on the Effective Date.

(ii)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during the Restricted 
Period, the Holder may, directly or indirectly, sell or transfer all, or 
any part, of this Note or the Holder's Warrants (or any securities issuable 
upon conversion or exercise of this Notes or the Holder's Warrants, as 
applicable) (the “Restricted Securities”) to any Person (an “Assignee”) 
without complying with (or otherwise limited by) the restrictions set forth 
in this Section 18(c); provided, that as a condition to any such sale or 
transfer an authorized signatory of the Company and such Assignee duly 
execute and deliver an agreement containing the same provisions as 
contained in this Section 18(c) (an “Assignee Agreement”) and sales of the 
Holder and its Buyer Trading Affiliates and all Assignees (other than 
Permitted Transfers) shall be aggregated for all purposes of this Section 
18(c) and all Assignee Agreements."

For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder's Pro Rata Share for the Holder as 
of the date hereof is [    ]%.

A new sentence shall be added to the end of Section 8(d) of the 2016 Notes 
providing as follows:

"Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, from and after the 
delivery of any Pre-Installment Conversion Shares relating to an applicable 
Installment Date, the portion of an Installment Amount due on an applicable 
Installment Date equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the 
number of Pre-Installment Conversion Shares delivered by the Company to the 
Holder with respect to such Installment Date and (y) the Company Conversion 
Price as in effect on such Installment Date, shall not be allowed to be 
deferred by the Holder to a later Installment Date.  The foregoing shall 
not restrict the Holder's right to defer the remaining Installment Amount."

The Company hereby confirms and agrees that (i) except with respect to the 
amendment set forth in this Agreement as of the Effective Date, the 2016 
Note and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the 2016 SPA) shall 
continue to be, in full force and effect, (ii) the execution, delivery and 
effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as an amendment of any 
right, power or remedy of the Holder except to the extent expressly set 
forth herein and (iii) as of the Effective Date, the 2016 Note will be 
deemed to be fully amended and restated to reflect the amendments set forth 
above.

DOC ID - 25487278.5
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The Company shall, on or before 8:30 a.m., New York City time, on January 
3, 2017, issue a Current Report on Form 8-K attaching this Agreement as an 
exhibit thereto (including all attachments, the “8-K Filing”) disclosing 
all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby.  From and after 
the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Holder shall not be in possession of any 
material, nonpublic information received from the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, 
affiliates or agents, that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing.  In 
addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company 
acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar 
obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the 
Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, 
directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and the older 
or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no 
further force or effect.  The Company shall not, and shall cause its 
officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents, not to, provide the 
Holder with any material, nonpublic information regarding the Company from 
and after the date hereof without the express written consent of the 
Holder.  To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public 
information to the Holder without the Holder's express prior written 
consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder shall not 
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or 
any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agent 
with respect to, or a duty to the to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries 
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or 
agent or not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public 
information. The Company shall not disclose the name of the Holder in any 
filing, announcement, release or otherwise, unless such disclosure is 
required by law or regulation.  The Company understands and confirms that 
the Holder will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting 
transactions in securities of the Company.

The Company shall reimburse the Holder for its legal fees and expenses in 
connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement and 
transactions contemplated thereby, by paying, promptly but in any event 
within five (5) Business Days of the date hereof, any such amount to 
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP (the "Holder Counsel Expense") by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds in accordance with the written instructions of 
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP delivered to the Company.  The Holder Counsel 
Expense shall be paid by the Company whether or not the transactions 
contemplated by this Waiver are consummated.  Except as otherwise set forth 
above, each party to this Waiver shall bear its own expenses in connection 
with the transactions contemplated hereby.

Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or 
permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing 
in accordance with the information set forth in the 2016 SPA.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
negotiations, letters and understandings relating to the subject matter 
hereof and are fully binding on the parties hereto.

DOC ID - 25487278.5
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of 
counterparts. Each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all 
such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. This 
Agreement may be executed and accepted by facsimile or PDF signature and 
any such signature shall be of the same force and effect as an original 
signature.

The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the 
benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
assigns.

This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by 
each of the parties hereto.

All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and 
interpretation of this letter agreement shall be governed by the internal 
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law 
or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or 
any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of 
any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the 
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any 
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably 
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any 
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such 
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient 
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.

Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and 
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by 
mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it 
under this letter agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute 
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing 
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve 
process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner 
permitted by law. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any right it may 
have, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of any 
dispute hereunder or in connection with or arising out of this letter 
agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.

Each party hereto acknowledges that, in view of the uniqueness of the 
transactions contemplated by this letter agreement, the other parties 
hereto may not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages in the 
event that this Agreement has not been performed in accordance with its 
terms, and therefore agrees that such other parties shall be entitled to 
seek specific enforcement of the terms hereof in addition to any other 
remedy it may seek, at law or in equity.

The obligations of the Holder under this Agreement are several and not 
joint with the obligations of any Other Holder under any other agreement, 
and the Holder shall not be responsible in any way for the performance of 
the obligations of any Other Holder under any such other agreement. Nothing 
contained herein or in this Agreement, and no action taken by the Holder

DOC ID - 25487278.5
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holder and the Other 
Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind 
of entity, or create a presumption that the Holder and the Other Holders 
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such 
obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the 
Company acknowledges that the Holder and the Other Holders are not acting 
in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Agreement. The 
Company and the Holder confirm that the Holder has independently 
participated in the negotiation of the transactions contemplated hereby 
with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. The Holder shall be 
entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, 
without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall 
not be necessary for any Other Holder to be joined as an additional party 
in any proceeding for such purpose nor shall the Holder have any right of 
enforcement or otherwise against any Other Holder related hereto.

The Company hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and 
covenants and agrees from and after the date hereof that none of the terms 
offered to any Other Holder with respect to any restrictions on the sale of 
Securities (as defined in the 2016 SPA) or amendments to the terms of the 
2016 Notes substantially in the form of this Agreement (or any amendment, 
modification, waiver or release thereof) (each a “Settlement Document”), is 
or will be more favorable to such Other Holder than those of the Holder and 
this Agreement. If, and whenever on or after the date hereof, the Company 
enters into a Settlement Document, then (i) the Company shall provide 
notice thereof to the Holder promptly following the occurrence thereof and 
(ii) the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be, without any 
further action by the Holder or the Company, automatically amended and 
modified in an economically and legally equivalent manner such that the 
Holder shall receive the benefit of the more favorable terms and/or 
conditions (as the case may be) set forth in such Settlement Document, 
provided that upon written notice to the Company at any time the Holder may 
elect not to accept the benefit of any such amended or modified term or 
condition, in which event the term or condition contained in this Agreement 
shall apply to the Holder as it was in effect immediately prior to such 
amendment or modification as if such amendment or modification never 
occurred with respect to the Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply similarly and equally to each Settlement Document.

[The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank]

DOC ID - 25487278.5
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Sincerely,

GREAT BASIN SCIENTIFIC, INC.
 

By: ____________________________
       Name: Jeffrey Rona
       Title: CFO

 
Agreed to and Acknowledged:

“HOLDER”
 
_____________________

By: _____________________

 
By: ____________________________
       Name:
Title:
 

 

DOC ID - 25487278.5
 
 
[Signature Page to Agreement]