 EX-10.1 7 d201422dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of             
        , by and between Athenex, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and the individual whose name appears below the word 
Indemnitee on the signature page (the Indemnitee), a director and/or 
officer of the Company.


BACKGROUND

A. WHEREAS, the Indemnitee has been selected to serve or is currently 
serving as a director and/or officer of the Company and in such capacity is 
expected to render or has rendered valuable services to the Company.

B. WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has 
determined that enhancing the ability of the Company to retain and attract 
as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests 
of the Company.

C. WHEREAS, in order to induce and encourage highly experienced and capable 
persons, such as the Indemnitee, to serve or to continue to serve as a 
director and/or officer of the Company and to provide Indemnitee with 
protection against personal liability in Indemnitees capacity as a 
director and/or officer of the Company pursuant to express contract rights 
(intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any 
amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, any 
change in the composition of the Board or any change in control or business 
combination transaction relating to the Company), the Board has determined, 
after due consideration of the terms and provisions of this Agreement, that 
this Agreement is reasonable and prudent and in the best interests of the 
Company and its stockholders.


AGREEMENT

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and in order to induce the 
Indemnitee to serve or to continue to serve as a director and/or officer of 
the Company, the Company and the Indemnitee agree as follows:

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who 
directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, the first Person.

(b) Associate means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation or 
organization (other than the Company or any Subsidiary) of which such 
Person is an officer, partner or manager or is, directly or indirectly, the 
Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of any class of voting securities, (ii) any 
trust or other estate in which such Person has a substantial beneficial 
interest or as to which such Person serves as trustee or in a similar 
fiduciary capacity (other than an Employee Plan Trustee, (iii) any Relative 
of such Person, or (iv) any officer or director of any corporation 
controlling or controlled by such Person.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Beneficial Ownership has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 
13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or 
statutory provision) or if such Rule 13d-3 shall be rescinded and there 
shall be no successor rule or statutory provision thereto, pursuant to Rule 
13d-3 as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that a Person 
shall, in any event, also be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any 
Voting Securities (i) of which any of its Affiliates or Associates is, 
directly or indirectly, the Beneficial Owner, and (ii) of which any other 
Person is, directly or indirectly the Beneficial Owner if such first 
mentioned Person or any of its Affiliates or Associates acts with such 
other Person as a partnership, syndicate or other group pursuant to any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, 
holding, voting or disposing of any Voting Securities of the Company; 
provided, further, that no trustee of any employee stock ownership or 
similar plan of the Company or any Subsidiary (an Employee Plan Trustee) 
or any Associate or Affiliate of any such trustee shall, solely by reason 
of being an Employee Plan Trustee or Associate or Affiliate thereof, be 
deemed for any purposes hereof to be the Beneficial Owner of any Voting 
Securities held by or under any such plan.

(d) Change in Control means any of the following events:

(i) An acquisition (other than directly from the Company) of any Voting 
Securities by any Person (other than any Person who is, as of the date 
hereof the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the then outstanding Voting 
Securities) immediately after which such Person has Beneficial Ownership of 
20% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting 
Securities; provided, however, that a Non-Control Acquisition shall not 
constitute a Change in Control;

(ii) During any period of two consecutive years since execution of this 
Agreement (or, if this Agreement was executed less than two years prior to 
the date of determination, during the period between the execution of this 
Agreement and the date of determination), individuals who, at the beginning 
of such period, were members of the Board (the Incumbent Board Members), 
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; 
provided, however, that if the election, or nomination for election by the 
Companys stockholders, of any new director was approved by a vote of at 
least a majority of the directors then still in office who were either 
directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination 
was so approved), such new director shall, for purposes of this Agreement, 
be considered an Incumbent Board Member; or

(iii) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of:

(1) A merger, consolidation or reorganization involving the Company other 
than a Non-Control Transaction;

(2) A complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(3) The sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Company to any Person (other than a transfer to a Subsidiary).

(iv) Notwithstanding subclauses (d)(i), (d)(ii) or (d)(iii) above, a Change 
in Control shall not be deemed to occur solely due to a reduction in the 
aggregate number of outstanding Voting Securities.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) The term D&O Insurance means any valid directors and officers 
liability insurance policy maintained by the Company for the benefit of 
Indemnitee.

(f) The term Delaware Court means the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any 
other state or federal court of the State of Delaware.

(g) The term Disinterested Director means, with respect to any claim for 
indemnification hereunder, a director of the Company who is not and was not 
a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by 
Indemnitee.

(h) The term Employee Benefit Plan means any pension, profit-sharing, 
employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan.

(i) The term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended from time to time.

(j) The term Excluded Claim shall mean any claim by Indemnitee for 
indemnification that is covered by Section 3.7 or is otherwise not required 
to be paid by the Company under this Agreement.

(k) The term Expenses means any and all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, 
costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees, 
accounting and witness fees, travel and deposition costs, and other 
disbursements or expenses incurred in connection with investigating, 
defending or being a witness in or participating in or otherwise preparing 
to defend, be a witness in or participate in, any Proceeding relating to an 
Indemnifiable Event. The term Expenses shall also include (i) Expenses 
incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding 
relating to an Indemnifiable Event, including without limitation, any 
premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, 
supersedeas bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for 
purposes of Section 3.6(b) only, Expenses incurred in connection with the 
interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this 
Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. The term Expenses does not include 
any judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement, or any penalties or 
ERISA excise taxes levied against the Indemnitee.

(l) The term Indemnified Costs means all Expenses, judgments, fines, 
amounts paid in settlement, penalties and ERISA excise taxes (including all 
interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection 
therewith).

(m) The term Indemnifiable Event means any event or occurrence, whether 
occurring prior to, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to the 
fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, 
trustee or fiduciary of the Company or any Subsidiary, or is or was serving 
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, general 
partner, manager, agent, trustee or fiduciary of any other corporation, 
limited liability company,
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
partnership, joint venture, Employee Benefit Plan, trust or other entity or 
by reason of any action or inaction by the Indemnitee in any such capacity 
(whether or not the Indemnitee was serving in such capacity at the time any 
Indemnified Cost is incurred for which indemnification is sought under this 
Agreement), including without limitation, any breach of duty, neglect, 
error, misstatement, omission or other act committed or alleged to be 
committed by Indemnitee.

(n) The term Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law 
firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither 
presently performs, nor in the past five (5) years has performed, services 
for either (i) the Company or Indemnitee (other than in connection with 
matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement or other indemnitees 
under similar agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving 
rise to the claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, 
under the applicable standard of professional conduct then prevailing, 
would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or 
Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this 
Agreement.

(o) The term Non-Control Acquisition means an acquisition by (1) any 
Employee Benefit Plan maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary (or a 
trust forming a part thereof) or any trustee or fiduciary with respect to 
such Employee Benefit plan acting in such capacity, (2) the Company or any 
Subsidiary, or (3) any Person in connection with a Non-Control 
Transaction.

(p) The term Non-Control Transaction means any merger, consolidation or 
reorganization involving the Company where:

(A) the Beneficial Owners of Voting Securities of the Company immediately 
before such merger, consolidation or reorganization, own, directly or 
indirectly, immediately following such merger, consolidation or 
reorganization, more than 80% of the combined voting power of the 
outstanding Voting Securities of the entity resulting from such merger or 
consolidation or reorganization (the Surviving Corporation) or a 
corporation beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, a majority of the 
Voting Securities of the Surviving Corporation (a Parent Corporation) in 
substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting 
Securities immediately before such merger, consolidation or reorganization, 
and

(B) the individuals who were members of the Board immediately prior to the 
execution of the agreement providing for such merger, consolidation or 
reorganization constitute at least a majority of the members of the board 
of directors of the Surviving Corporation (or the Parent Corporation if 
there was a Parent Corporation created by such merger, consolidation or 
reorganization), and

(C) no Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary, any Employee Benefit 
Plan (or any trust forming a part thereof) maintained by the Company, the 
Surviving Corporation or any Subsidiary, or any Person who, immediately 
prior to such merger, consolidation or reorganization had Beneficial 
Ownership of 20% or more of the combined voting power of the then 
outstanding Voting Securities) owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of 
the combined voting power of the Surviving Corporations then outstanding 
Voting Securities (or of the Parent Corporations then outstanding Voting 
Securities if there was a Parent Corporation created by such merger, 
consolidation or reorganization).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(q) The term Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term for 
purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act.

(r) The term Proceeding means:

(i) any threatened, pending or completed action, claim, suit or proceeding 
(including appeals thereof) relating to an Indemnifiable Event, whether 
brought by or in the name of the Company or otherwise and whether of a 
civil, criminal or administrative, arbitral or investigative nature or 
otherwise, excluding any Enforcement Proceeding; or

(ii) any inquiry, hearing or investigation that the Indemnitee in good 
faith believes might lead to the institution of any such action, claim, 
suit or proceeding.

(s) The term Relative means, with respect to any Person, such Persons 
spouse, parent, children, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, 
son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law.

(t) The term Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
from time to time.

(u) The term Subsidiary means any corporation or other Person of which a 
majority of its voting power or its equity securities or equity interest is 
owned directly or indirectly by the Company.

(v) The term Voting Securities shall mean any securities of the Company 
that vote generally in the election of directors.

SECTION 2. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

2.1 Services by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees to [serve/continue to serve] 
as a director or officer of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly 
elected or appointed or until Indemnitee tenders [his/her] resignation or 
is no longer serving in such capacity. This Agreement shall not be deemed 
an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries or 
any other entity) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that 
[his/her] [employment with/service to] the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries or any other entity at the request of the Company is at will 
and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or 
without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written 
employment agreement between Indemnitee and the Company (or any such 
Subsidiaries or entity), other applicable formal severance policies duly 
adopted by the Board or, with respect to service as a director or officer 
of the Company, by the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws or 
Delaware law.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3. INDEMNIFICATION

3.1 Indemnification in Third Party Actions. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, in the event that the Indemnitee is a party 
to, is threatened to be made a party to, is a witness or other participant 
in, or is threatened to be made a witness or other participant in, or is 
otherwise involved or threatened to be otherwise involved in any Proceeding 
by reason of, relating to or otherwise arising in whole or in part out of, 
an Indemnifiable Event (other than a Proceeding by or in the name of the 
Company to procure a judgment in its favor which is addressed in Section 
3.2 below), the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee against all 
Indemnified Costs actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in 
connection with such Proceeding, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law (whether or not such Proceeding proceeds to a judgment or is 
settled or is otherwise brought to final disposition) if the Indemnitee 
acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to 
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, with respect 
to any criminal proceeding, had no reason to believe that his or her 
conduct was unlawful.

3.2 Indemnification in Proceedings By or In the Name of the Company. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in the event that 
the Indemnitee is a party to, is threatened to be made a party to, is a 
witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be a witness or other 
participant in, or is otherwise involved or threatened to be otherwise 
involved in any Proceeding by or in the name of the Company to procure a 
judgment in its favor by reason of, relating to or otherwise arising in 
whole or in part out of, an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall 
indemnify the Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law (whether or not such Proceeding proceeds 
to a judgment or is settled or is otherwise brought to final disposition) 
if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Company; provided, however that no indemnification against such Expenses 
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding 
as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudged liable to the Company 
unless and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines 
that, despite such judgment, the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification 
hereunder.

3.3 Partial Indemnification. If the Indemnitee is entitled under any 
provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a 
portion of, but not the total amount of, the Indemnified Costs, the Company 
shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of the 
Indemnified Costs to which the Indemnitee is entitled.

3.4 Indemnification Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification provided 
by this Agreement is not exclusive of any other rights to which the 
Indemnitee may be entitled under the Companys Certificate of 
Incorporation, its Bylaws, any agreement, any vote of stockholders or 
Disinterested Directors, applicable law, or otherwise, both as to action in 
the Indemnitees official capacity and as to action in another capacity on 
behalf of the Company.

3.5 Indemnification of Expenses of Successful Party. Notwithstanding any 
other provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that the Indemnitee has 
been successful in defense of any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, 
issue or matter in a Proceeding, on the merits or otherwise, including, but 
not limited to, the dismissal of a Proceeding (or any claim, issue or
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
matter in a Proceeding) without prejudice, the Indemnitee shall be 
indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by 
Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding, claim, issue or matter (as 
the case may be) that is successfully resolved to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law.

3.6 Advances of Expenses; Enforcement Proceedings.

(a) The Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company, 
prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding by final adjudication as 
to which there are no further rights of appeal and without the need for any 
Standard of Conduct Determination prior to such advancement, of any and all 
Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in 
connection with such Proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and any restrictions 
of applicable law, the advances to be made will be paid by the Company to 
the Indemnitee within thirty (30) days following delivery to the Company of 
written request therefor from the Indemnitee which is accompanied by 
substantiating documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 
Execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Indemnitee constitutes an 
undertaking by the Indemnitee to repay any amounts paid, advanced or 
reimbursed by the Company in respect of Expenses pursuant to this Section 
3.6 (Advanced Expenses) relating to, arising out of or resulting from, 
any Proceeding with respect to which it shall be determined, following 
final disposition of such Proceeding, that Indemnitee is not entitled to 
indemnification hereunder. No other form of undertaking shall be required 
hereunder other than execution of this Agreement. Advances shall be 
unsecured and interest free and shall be made without regard to the 
Indemnitees ability to repay the Advanced Expenses. The Company 
acknowledges the potentially severe damage to Indemnitee should the Company 
fail timely to make such advances to Indemnitee.

(b) To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the Company shall 
also indemnify the Indemnitee against, and, if requested by the Indemnitee, 
advance to the Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 
3.6(a), any Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee 
in connection with any action, claim, suit or proceeding brought by 
Indemnitee to enforce Indemnitees right to indemnification or 
reimbursement (or advancement) of Indemnified Costs under any provision of 
this Agreement (any such action, claim, suit or proceeding, an 
Enforcement Proceeding) unless the Delaware Court determines that each of 
the material claims and/or defenses of the Indemnitee in the Enforcement 
Proceeding was made in bad faith or was frivolous; provided, however, that 
in the event that Indemnitee is ultimately determined not to be entitled to 
indemnification or reimbursement (or advancement) of the Indemnified Costs 
that were the subject of the Enforcement Proceeding, then all amounts 
advanced to indemnify or reimburse Indemnitee for Expenses incurred in 
connection with the Enforcement Proceeding shall repaid by the Indemnitee 
to the Company.

3.7 Limitations on Indemnification. (a) Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary, no payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
made by the Company to:

(i) indemnify, hold harmless or advance Indemnified Costs to the Indemnitee 
with respect to any Proceeding (or any claim, issue or matter in a 
Proceeding)
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
initiated or brought voluntarily by the Indemnitee (including any 
Proceeding, or claim, issue or matter in a Proceeding, against the Company 
or any of its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees) and not 
by way of defense, except for Expenses for which the Company is required to 
indemnify the Indemnitee in connection with Enforcement Proceedings 
pursuant to and in accordance with Section 3.6(b); provided, however, that 
indemnification or advancement of Indemnified Costs may be provided by the 
Company with respect to a Proceeding (or any claim, issue or matter in a 
Proceeding) initiated or brought voluntarily by the Indemnitee and not by 
way of defense if (i) the Board has consented to the initiation of such 
Proceeding (or such claim, issue or matter in a Proceeding) prior to its 
initiation, or (ii) such indemnification is expressly required to be made 
by applicable law.

(ii) indemnify the Indemnitee for any Indemnified Costs sustained in any 
Proceeding for an accounting of profits made from the purchase or sale by 
the Indemnitee of securities of the Company pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder and amendments thereto or similar provisions of any federal, 
state or local statutory law;

(iii) indemnify the Indemnitee for any Indemnified Costs on account of 
conduct that is established by a final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction to constitute (i) willful misconduct by the Indemnitee or a 
breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company, (ii) bad faith by 
the Indemnitee or (iii) fraud or deliberate dishonesty of the Indemnitee;

(iv) indemnify the Indemnitee for any Indemnified Costs in connection with 
any Proceeding (or claim, issue or matter in a Proceeding) based upon or 
attributable to Indemnitee gaining any personal profit or advantage to 
which Indemnitee is not entitled or for the return by Indemnitee of any 
remuneration paid to Indemnitee to which Indemnitee is determined not to be 
entitled; or

(iv) indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement if a court of competent 
jurisdiction shall finally determine that such payment is not permitted by 
applicable law.

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not 
be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to indemnify or hold 
harmless Indemnitee in violation of, or to otherwise act in violation of, 
any undertaking appearing in and required by the rules and regulations 
promulgated under the Securities Act, or in any registration statement 
filed with the SEC under the Securities Act. Indemnitee acknowledges that 
paragraph (h) of Item 512 of Regulation S-K currently generally requires 
the Company to undertake in connection with any registration statement 
filed under the Securities Act to submit the issue of the enforceability of 
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement in connection with any liability 
under the Securities Act on public policy grounds to a court of appropriate 
jurisdiction and to be governed by any final adjudication of such issue. 
Indemnitee specifically agrees that any such undertaking shall supersede 
the provisions of this Agreement and to be bound by any such undertaking.

(c) Indemnitee hereby expressly undertakes and agrees to reimburse the 
Company for all Indemnified Costs paid by the Company to or on behalf of 
Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding in the event and only to the 
extent that it is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction 
in a decision from which there is no further right of appeal that 
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company for such 
Indemnified Costs because such Indemnified Costs relate to an Excluded 
Claim.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4. STANDARD OF CONDUCT DETERMINATIONS

4.1 Standard of Conduct Determination. To the extent that the provisions of 
Section 3.5 are inapplicable to any Proceeding, any determination of 
whether the Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct 
that is a required condition to indemnification hereunder with respect to 
such Proceeding (any such determination, a Standard of Conduct 
Determination) and any determination that Advanced Expenses must be repaid 
to the Company shall be made as follows:

(a) if no Change in Control has occurred, such determination shall be made 
(1) by a majority vote of Disinterested Directors, even if less than a 
quorum of the Board, or (2) by a committee of Disinterested Directors 
designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though 
less than a quorum; provided, however, that if there are no such 
Disinterested Directors, such determination shall be made by Independent 
Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall 
be delivered to Indemnitee.

(b) if a Change in Control has occurred, such determination shall be made 
(1) if the Indemnitee so requests in writing, by a majority vote of 
Disinterested Directors, though less than a quorum of the Board, or (2) 
otherwise by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the 
Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee.

4.2 Timing of Standard of Conduct Determination. The Company shall use its 
reasonable best efforts to cause any Standard of Conduct Determination 
required by Section 4.1 to be made as promptly as practicable. If the 
person or persons designated to make such Standard of Conduct Determination 
shall not have made the determination within sixty (60) days after (i) 
receipt by the Company of a written request from Indemnitee for 
indemnification pursuant to Section 6 (the date of such receipt, the 
Notification Date) if the Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made 
by Disinterested Directors, or (ii) the selection of an Independent Counsel 
if the Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent 
Counsel, then Indemnitee shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable 
standard of conduct, provided that such sixty (60)-day time period may be 
extended for a reasonable period of time, not to exceed thirty (30) 
additional days, if the person or persons making such Standard of Conduct 
Determination in good faith require such additional time to obtain or 
evaluate information relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, no determination as to the entitlement of Indemnitee to 
indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to 
the final disposition of any Proceeding.

4.3. Presumptions; Defenses. No determination by the Company (including by 
its directors or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied 
any applicable standard of conduct shall create a presumption that 
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
hereunder. Any Standard of Conduct Determination that is adverse to 
Indemnitee may be challenged by Indemnitee in the Delaware Court. It shall 
be a defense to any Enforcement Proceeding brought by Indemnitee (other 
than an action brought to enforce a claim for Expenses incurred in 
defending against a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition) that it 
is not permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify 
Indemnitee for the amount claimed. In connection with any such Enforcement 
Action or any related Standard of Conduct Determination under Section 4.1, 
the burden of proving that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification 
shall be on the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of 
any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without 
court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its 
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee did 
not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief 
or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by 
applicable law.

4.4 Payment. If, in regard to any Indemnified Costs:

(a) Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 
3.5;

(b) no Standard of Conduct Determination is legally required as a condition 
to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder; or

(c) Indemnitee has been determined or deemed, pursuant to Section 4.1 or 
4.2 above, to have satisfied the applicable Standard of Conduct;

then, without duplication of any such Indemnified Costs that have been 
advanced to Indemnitee pursuant to Section 3.6, the Company shall pay to 
Indemnitee, within thirty (30) days after the later of (A) written request 
for such Indemnifiable Costs made by Indemnitee to the Company which is 
accompanied by substantiating documentation reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company, and (B) the earliest date on which the applicable criterion 
specified in clause (a), (b) or (c) is satisfied, an amount equal to such 
Indemnified Costs.

SECTION 5. Selection of Independent Counsel. If the determination of 
entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel 
pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected 
by the Board by written notice to Indemnitee. Indemnitee may, within ten 
(10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given to 
Indemnitee, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection; 
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground 
that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of 
Independent Counsel as defined in the definition thereof, and the 
objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such 
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected 
shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is timely and 
properly made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not 
serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn 
or the Delaware Court has determined that such objection is without merit. 
Any Independent Counsel that has been selected by the Board without timely 
and proper objection from the Indemnitee or with respect to which any 
timely and proper objection by the Indemnitee has been withdrawn, is 
referred to herein as an Approved Independent Counsel. If there is no 
Approved Independent Counsel by 5:00 p.m. eastern time on the date that is 
twenty (20) days after
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant 
to Section 6.1 hereof with respect to which a Standard of Conduct 
Determination is required to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to 
Section 4.1, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware 
Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the 
Indemnitee to the Boards selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the 
appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware 
Court or by such other person as the Delaware Court shall designate, and 
the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the 
person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 4.1 
hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses 
incurred by the Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to 
Section 4.1 hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and 
expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 5, regardless of the 
manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

SECTION 6. INDEMNIFICATION PROCEDURE

6.1 Notice. Promptly after receipt by the Indemnitee of notice of the 
commencement of any Proceeding, the Indemnitee will, if a claim is to be 
made against the Company under this Agreement, notify the Company of the 
commencement of the Proceeding and make a request for indemnification 
hereunder (the date on which such notice and request is delivered to the 
Company, the Notification Date), which notice and request shall contain a 
brief description of the Proceeding and include such documentation and 
information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably 
necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company will not 
relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have to the 
Indemnitee, except to the extent the Company is materially damaged by the 
failure of the Indemnitee to so notify the Company. Indemnitee agrees not 
to make any admission or effect any settlement with respect to any such 
Proceeding without the consent of the Company. If, as of the Notification 
Date, the Company has D&O Insurance in effect, the Company shall give 
prompt notice of the Proceeding to its insurers in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the applicable policies. The Company shall 
thereafter use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such insurers to 
pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all Indemnifiable Costs relating to such 
Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. The Company shall 
provide to the Indemnitee: (i) copies of all potentially applicable D&O 
Insurance, (ii) a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable insurers, 
and (iii) copies of all subsequent correspondence between the Company and 
such insurers regarding the Proceeding, in each case substantially 
concurrently with the delivery or receipt thereof by the Company.

6.2 Defense of Claims. With respect to any Proceeding for which 
indemnification is requested by Indemnitee under this Agreement, the 
Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own 
expense and, except as otherwise provided below or pursuant to the terms of 
any applicable D&O Insurance, to the extent that it may desire, the Company 
may, upon written notice to Indemnitee within thirty (30) days after the 
Notification Date, assume and control the defense of the Proceeding, with 
counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee. After the Company 
notifies the Indemnitee of the Companys election to assume and control the 
defense of a Proceeding, during the Companys good faith active defense of 
such Proceeding, the Company will not be liable to the Indemnitee under 
this Agreement for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the 
Indemnitee in connection with the defense or settlement
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Proceeding, other than reasonable expenses of investigation or as 
specifically provided below. The Indemnitee shall have the right to employ 
separate counsel for the Indemnitee in any Proceeding but the fees and 
expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the Company of its 
assumption of control of the defense of the Proceeding shall be at the 
expense of the Indemnitee, unless (i) the employment of counsel by the 
Indemnitee has been authorized by the Company, (ii) the Indemnitee has 
reasonably concluded that counsel employed by the Company to assume defense 
of a Proceeding has a conflict of interest in representing both the Company 
and Indemnitee in the Proceeding, (iii) the Company has not in fact 
employed counsel to assume the defense of a Proceeding, (iv) the Company 
has returned defense of the Proceeding to Indemnitee, or (v) the Indemnitee 
has reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to 
Indemnitee that are different from or additional to those available to the 
Company, in any of which events, Indemnitee shall be entitled to control 
its own defense of the Proceeding. In each of the foregoing cases, the 
reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnitees counsel shall be at the 
expense of the Company, but in no event shall the Company be responsible 
for the fees or expenses of more than one law firm representing Indemnitee, 
plus, if necessary, one firm serving as local counsel to Indemnitee. The 
Company shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding 
brought by or on behalf of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall not make any admission in 
any Proceeding with out the prior consent of the Company, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, and neither the Company nor the 
Indemnitee shall waive any privilege or right available to the other party 
(the Privilege Party) in any Proceeding without the prior consent of the 
Privilege Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

6.3 Settlement. The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this 
Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending 
Proceeding effected without the Companys prior written consent, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall not settle 
any Proceeding in any manner that would impose any monetary obligation on 
Indemnitee (after giving effect to any indemnification provided for herein) 
without Indemnitees prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.

SECTION 7. REPAYMENT

7.1 Repayment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, 
the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to 
Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable Costs to the extent Indemnitee 
has otherwise received payment under any insurance policy (including any 
D&O Insurance), Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw, other contractual 
indemnity provision or otherwise of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable by 
the Company hereunder. The Indemnitee will promptly repay to the Company 
any such amounts paid to or on behalf of the Indemnitee under this 
Agreement to the extent those payments are duplicative of payments 
described above.

SECTION 8. MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall 
inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee and the Indemnitees spouse, heirs, 
successors, personal representatives and assigns, and the Company and its 
successors and assigns, including any direct or indirect successor by 
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
all of the business and/or assets of the Company. Nothing in this 
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer any rights or remedies 
upon any other person. In the event of a Change in Control of the type 
described in Section 1.1(d)(iii)(1), the Company will use its reasonable 
best efforts to (a) have the obligations of the Company under this 
Agreement expressly assumed by the surviving, purchasing or succeeding 
entity, or (b) otherwise adequately provide for the satisfaction of the 
Companys obligations under this Agreement in a manner reasonably 
acceptable to Indemnitee.

8.2 Separability. Each provision of this Agreement is a separate and 
distinct agreement and independent of the others, so that if any provision 
of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any 
reason, the invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement. To the extent 
required, any provision of this Agreement may be modified by the Delaware 
Court to preserve its validity and to provide the Indemnitee with the 
broadest possible indemnification permitted under applicable law.

8.3 Savings Clause. If this Agreement or any portion of it is invalidated 
on any ground by the Delaware Court, then the Company shall nevertheless 
indemnify Indemnitee as to Indemnified Costs with respect to any Proceeding 
to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement 
that shall not have been invalidated.

8.4 Interpretation; Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement 
shall be construed as a whole and in accordance with its fair meaning. 
Headings are for convenience only and shall not be used in construing 
meaning. This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to 
be performed entirely in such State. The Company and the Indemnitee each 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a) agree that any action or 
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be 
brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal 
court (other than any appeal from a decision of the Delaware Court), and 
(b) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for 
purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with 
this Agreement.

8.5 Amendments; Waivers; Nature of Rights. No amendment, waiver, 
modification, termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall be 
effective unless in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is 
sought. No failure or delay in exercising any right will be deemed a waiver 
of such right. The indemnification rights afforded to the Indemnitee by 
this Agreement are contract rights and may not be diminished, eliminated or 
otherwise affected by amendments to the Companys Certificate of 
Incorporation, its Bylaws or any other agreement, including, without 
limitation, any D&O Insurance. Indemnitee agrees that neither the 
stockholders of the Company, nor any director, officer, employee, 
representative or agent of the Company, shall be personally liable for the 
satisfaction of the Companys obligations under this Agreement and 
Indemnitee shall look solely to the assets of the Company for satisfaction 
of any claims hereunder.

8.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement 
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed 
by each party and delivered to the other.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.7 Liability Insurance. To the extent the Company maintains D&O Insurance, 
Indemnitee, if an officer or director of the Company, shall be covered by 
such D&O Insurance, in accordance with its terms, to the maximum extent of 
the coverage available to any director or officer of the Company.

8.8 Notices. Any notice required to be given hereunder shall be in writing 
and, if directed to the Company, delivered to the Company at 1001 Main 
Street, Suite 600, Buffalo, NY 14203, Attention: General Counsel, and, if 
directed to the Indemnitee, delivered to the Indemnitee at the Indemnitees 
most recent address on the books and records of the Company, or to another 
address as either shall designate in writing.

8.9 Continuation After Term. Indemnitees rights hereunder shall continue 
after the Indemnitee has ceased acting as a director and/or officer of the 
Company, or as a director, officer, employee, manager, agent or fiduciary 
of another entity at the request of the Company and so long as the 
Indemnitee shall be subject to any pending or threatened Proceedings, and 
the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and 
administrators of Indemnitee.

8.10 Non-Exclusivity; Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws. The rights 
of Indemnitee hereunder shall be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee 
may have under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, the Companys 
Bylaws, the Delaware General Corporation Law, any vote of stockholders or 
Disinterested Directors or otherwise, both as to action in Indemnitees 
official capacity and as to action in any other capacity by holding such 
office. The Company agrees that it shall not adopt any amendment to the 
Companys Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws in effect on the date 
hereof the effect of which would be to deny, diminish or encumber the 
rights of Indemnitee granted hereby The Company further agrees that it 
shall exercise the powers granted to it under its Certificate of 
Incorporation, its By-laws and by applicable law to indemnify Indemnitee to 
the fullest extent possible as required hereby.

8.11 Subrogation. In the event of payment to Indemnitee under this 
Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to 
all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all 
papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure 
such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable 
the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

[The next page is the signature page]
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first written above.
 
INDEMNITEE 	  	 	  	ATHENEX, INC.
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
 
  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	
 
 
15