 EX-10.2 4 d370392dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION


NOMINATING AGREEMENT

This Nominating Agreement (as it may be amended from time to time, this 
Agreement) is made as of May 10, 2017 by and between Affinion Group 
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Elliott 
Management Corporation (Elliott).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Certificate (as defined herein), among other 
things, the Company is authorized to issue capital stock consisting of 
550,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the 
Company Common Stock);

WHEREAS, the Company intends to enter into a recapitalization being 
consummated on or about the date hereof (the Recapitalization);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Recapitalization, on or about the date 
hereof, the Company intends to enter into that certain amendment (the 
Amendment) to the Shareholder Agreement by and among the Company and the 
stockholders party thereto, pursuant to (i) which the Company will increase 
the size of its Board of Directors (the Board) and (ii) the Company has 
the authority to further increase the size of the Board as provided for 
therein;

WHEREAS, Elliott, together with its Affiliates, as a result of the 
Recapitalization holds warrants of the Company (the Warrants) 
representing the right to purchase 2,381,345 shares of Company Common Stock 
or approximately 16.5% of the Company Common Stock; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Elliott desire to enter into this Agreement 
setting forth certain rights and obligations with respect to the nomination 
of Directors to the Board and certain other matters relating to the Board 
as set forth herein as hereinafter provided.


AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement 
intending to be bound hereby agree as follows:
 
1. 	EFFECTIVE DATE

1.1 This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written 
above immediately after the Amendment has become effective.
 
2. 	BOARD NOMINATION

2.1 Elliott Nominees.

(a) For purposes of determining the number of Outstanding Company Common 
Stock held by Elliott pursuant to this Section 2.1, such number shall equal 
(i) the Company Common Stock held by Elliott or an Affiliate of Elliott 
taken together in the aggregate, plus (ii) the number of shares of Company 
Common Stock issuable upon the valid exercise of the Warrants held by 
Elliott or an Affiliate of Elliott taken together in the aggregate.
 
- 1 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) For each Board election occurring after the date hereof, so long as 
Elliott holds at least eight percent (8%) of the Outstanding Company Stock 
(the 8% Elliott Threshold) as of the record date for the applicable Board 
election or the time a vacancy on the Board is to be filled, as applicable, 
the Company shall include the 8% Elliott Nominee in the Companys slate of 
nominees for Director at each annual or special meeting of Stockholders at 
which Directors are to be elected and at which the Class III Director seats 
are subject to election. For each Board election occurring after the date 
hereof, so long as Elliott holds at least sixteen percent (16%) of the 
Outstanding Company Stock (the 16% Elliott Threshold) as of the record 
date for the applicable Board election or the time a vacancy on the Board 
is to be filled, as applicable, the Company shall include the 16% Elliott 
Nominee in the Companys slate of nominees for Director at each annual or 
special meeting of Stockholders at which Directors are to be elected and at 
which the Class II Director seats are subject to election. The Company 
shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the election of the Elliott 
Nominees to the Board at such meeting (including recommending that the 
Companys Stockholders vote in favor of the election of the Elliott 
Nominees (along with all other Company nominees) and otherwise supporting 
him or her for election in a manner no less rigorous and favorable than the 
manner in which the Company supports its other nominees in the aggregate).

(c) If at any time Elliott ceases to satisfy the 8% Elliott Threshold or 
the 16% Elliott Threshold, as applicable, (A) Elliott shall cause its 
nominee or nominees, as applicable, then sitting on the Board to resign 
from the Board with immediate effect; provided that (i) such nominee(s) may 
specify that its resignation shall not be effective until accepted by the 
Board and (ii) a majority of the Board may agree to decline to accept such 
nominees or nominees, as applicable, resignation, and (B) the vacancy 
caused by such resignation shall be filled in accordance with the Companys 
Charter Documents.

(d) Elliott may elect to relinquish its right to nominate a Director by 
providing the Company with written notice of such election on or prior to 
the record date for the applicable Board election.

(e) In the event that the 8% Elliott Nominee or the 16% Elliott Nominee 
resigns, is removed from the Board (except in the circumstances described 
in Section 2.1(c)) dies or otherwise is unable to serve on the Board, 
Elliott shall (if, at the time such vacancy is to be filled, Elliott still 
has the right to nominate such Director) be entitled to nominate a 
successor Director, and the Company shall take any Necessary Action as may 
be required to facilitate and implement the immediate appointment of such 
8% Elliott Nominee or 16% Elliott Nominee, as applicable, to the Board.
 
- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.2 Limitations on Amendments to Charter Documents.

So long as this Agreement shall remain in effect, the Company shall not 
cause or permit any amendments to the Bylaws, the Certificate or the 
Shareholder Agreement that would conflict with the rights and obligations 
set forth herein except to the extent required to comply with applicable 
law.
 
3. 	ELLIOTT APPROVAL RIGHT

3.1 Until the earlier of (a) one year from the date hereof and (b) Elliott 
obtaining regulatory approval to vote or own all of its shares of Common 
Stock underlying its Warrants, except with respect to the election or 
removal of directors or a vote to adjourn an annual or special meeting of 
stockholders, the Company shall not take any action that requires approval 
of its stockholders under Delaware law, the Certificate, or the Bylaws or 
the Shareholder Agreement, including (to the extent stockholder approval is 
actually required), without limitation, (i) the consummation of any 
transaction between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one 
hand, and a stockholder of the Company or any Affiliate of a stockholder of 
the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, on the other hand, (ii) 
amending the Certificate, the Bylaws or the Shareholders Agreement, (iii) 
the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of any type, in one 
transaction or in a series of related transactions, by the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries, of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iv) the consummation of any 
transaction or series of transactions with any Person by consolidation, 
merger or similar combination of the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
with or into such Person, or such Person with or into the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries, (v) any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the 
Company, in each case, without first obtaining either (x) the prior 
affirmative approval of holders of a majority of its outstanding shares of 
Common Stock and the prior written consent of Elliott or (y) the 
affirmative approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares 
of Common Stock assuming that Elliott exercised all warrants held of record 
by them prior to the record date for such vote.
 
4. 	REMEDIES

4.1 Generally.

4.2 The rights and remedies of any party hereto as set forth in this 
Agreement are not exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and 
remedies now or hereafter provided by law or at equity. The parties hereto 
agree and acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for 
any breach of the provisions of this Agreement and that, in addition to any 
other rights and remedies at law or in equity existing in its favor, any 
party hereto shall be entitled to specific performance and/or other 
injunctive relief from any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction 
(without posting any bond or other security) in order to enforce or prevent 
violation of the provisions of this Agreement.
 
5. 	AMENDMENT, TERMINATION, ETC.

5.1 Oral Modifications.

This Agreement may not be orally amended, modified, extended or terminated, 
nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective.

5.2 Written Modifications.

Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Agreement may 
be amended only with the prior written consent of Elliott and the Company.
 
- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.3 Termination.

This Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force and 
effect upon the earlier to occur of the first date following the date that 
Elliott is no longer entitled to nominate a director pursuant to Section 
2.1(b) as a result of Elliott failing to satisfy the 8% Elliott Threshold 
test.
 
6. 	DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Agreement:

6.1 Certain Matters of Construction.

In addition to the definitions referred to or set forth below in this 
Section 6:

(a) The titles and section headings set forth in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and shall not be considered as part of agreement of the 
parties hereto.

(b) When the context requires, the plural shall include the singular and 
the singular the plural, and any gender shall include all other genders or 
neuter. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to 
be followed by the phrase without limitation.

(c) No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed 
against any party because such party or its counsel was the drafter 
thereof. Any reference to statutes or laws will include all amendments, 
modifications, or replacements of the specific sections and provisions 
concerned.

(d) Numbered or lettered articles, sections, and subsections herein 
contained refer to articles, sections, and subsections of this Agreement 
unless otherwise expressly stated.

6.2 Definitions.

The following terms shall have the following meanings:

8% Elliott Nominee means any Person selected by Elliott to serve as 
nominee and for which Elliott has notified the Company of such selection, 
or any other Person selected by Elliott to serve as the replacement 8% 
Elliott Nominee.

8% Elliott Threshold has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

16% Elliott Nominee means any Person selected by Elliott to serve as 
nominee and for which Elliott has notified the Company of such selection, 
or any other Person selected by Elliott to serve as the replacement 16% 
Elliott Nominee.

16% Elliott Threshold has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

Affiliate(s) of any specified Person means any other Person directly or 
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common 
control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, 
control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, 
controlled by and under common control with), as used with respect to 
any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, 
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or 
otherwise.
 
- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Amendment has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Board has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Bylaws means the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as 
amended from time to time.

Certificate means the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of the Company, as amended from time to time.

Charter Documents means, with respect to the Company, the certificate of 
incorporation, bylaws of the Company, and the Shareholder Agreement as the 
same may be amended, supplemented, modified or restated from time to time, 
and with respect to any other Person, the articles, bylaws, certificate of 
incorporation, certificate of formation, operating agreement, partnership 
agreement or any other similar incorporating or formation documents of such 
Person, as the same may be amended, supplemented, modified or restated from 
time to time.

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Company Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Derivative Securities has the meaning set forth in the Shareholder 
Agreement.

Director means any member of the Board (other than any Person (if any) 
effecting observer rights on the Board).

Elliott has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Elliott Nominees means the 8% Elliott Nominee and the 16% Elliott 
Nominee.

Equity Incentive Plans means any equity incentive plans for officers, 
employees or Directors of the Company.

Necessary Action means, with respect to a specified result, all actions 
that are permitted by law and necessary or appropriate to cause such 
result, including (i) recommending that the Companys Stockholders vote in 
favor of the election of the Elliott Nominees, (ii) agreeing to 
commercially reasonable amendments to the applicable Charter Documents, 
(iii) executing agreements and instruments reasonably necessary to permit 
Elliott to exercise its rights hereunder, and (iv) making, or causing to be 
made, with governmental, administrative or regulatory authorities, all 
filings, registrations or similar actions that are required to achieve such 
result, in each case subject to compliance with applicable law.
 
- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding Company Common Stock means, as of any given time, the then 
issued and outstanding Company Common Stock, including any Derivative 
Securities on an as-exercised basis, but excluding any Company Common Stock 
issued pursuant to an Equity Incentive Plan.

Person means an individual, partnership, limited liability company, 
corporation, joint venture, trust, business trust, association, or similar 
entity, whether domestic or foreign, and the heirs, executors, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns of such entity where the context 
requires.

Recapitalization has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Shareholder Agreement means the Shareholder Agreement, as amended, dated 
November 9, 2015, by and among the Company and the stockholders party 
thereto.

Stockholder has the meaning set forth in the Shareholder Agreement.

Warrant has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
7. 	MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Representations and Warranties.

The Company hereby represents and warrants to and agrees with Elliott that:

(a) such party is a corporation, limited liability company, limited 
partnership or other applicable business entity duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing (if applicable) under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of formation;

(b) such party has all requisite authority and power to execute and deliver 
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby;

(c) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized 
by all required action on the part of such party and no other proceedings 
on the part of such party are necessary to authorize the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the actions contemplated hereby;

(d) the Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such 
party and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such party 
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; and

(e) this Agreement will not result in a material violation of any terms or 
provisions of any agreements or other instrument to which such person is a 
party or by which such party may otherwise be bound or of any law, rule, 
license, regulation, order or decree governing or affecting such party, and 
with respect to the Company, conflict with or violate any Charter Document.
 
- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.2 No Partnership.

This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, give rise to the 
creation of a partnership among any of the parties hereto, or to constitute 
any of such parties members of a joint venture, group or other association.

7.3 Notices.

All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or 
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered 
(a) by personal delivery, (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier 
service, (c) by telefacsimile or electronic mail, using equipment that 
provides written confirmation of delivery, or (d) by deposit in the U.S. 
Mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, at the address set forth below:

(a) If to the Company:

Affinion Group, Inc.
6 High Ridge Park
Stamford, CT 06905
Attention: Brian Fisher, Esq.
Facsimile: 203-956-1206
Electronic mail: bfisher@affiniongroup.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
One Bryant Park
New York, NY 10036
Attention: Adam Weinstein, Esq.
Facsimile: 212-872-1002
Electronic mail: aweinstein@akingump.com

(b) If to Elliott:

Elliott Management Corporation
40 West 57th Street
New York, NY 10019
Attention: Elliot Greenberg

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

White & Case LLP
1155 Avenue of Americas
New York, NY 10036
Attention: Jonathan Michels, Esq.
Electronic mail: jmichels@whitecase.com

Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date so 
delivered, if delivered personally or by overnight courier service or 
electronic mail; or if by telefacsimile, on the first (1st) day following 
the transmission of such facsimile; or if mailed, no earlier than four (4)
 
- 7 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
calendar days after mailing but in any case, upon receipt by the recipient. 
Any party may, at any time by giving five (5) calendar days prior written 
notice to the Company, specify a different address (physical or electronic) 
or telefacsimile number for notice purposes by sending notice thereof in 
the foregoing manner. By notice complying with the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 7.3, each party shall have the right to change the mailing 
address, facsimile number or email address for future notices, 
communications or deliveries to such party pursuant to this Agreement and 
any such change shall not be deemed an amendment to this Agreement.

7.4 No Assignment. This Agreement may not be transferred or assigned by any 
party hereto other than, in respect of Elliott, to any of its Affiliates.

7.5 Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement relating to 
transferability or assignment, this Agreement will be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the Company and Elliott, and their respective 
heirs, devisees, spouses, distributees, representatives, successors and 
permitted assigns.

7.6 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, 
invalid, or unenforceable under any present or future laws applicable to 
the Company effective during the term of this Agreement, such provision 
will be fully severable; this Agreement will be construed and enforced as 
if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a 
part of this Agreement; and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will 
remain in full force and effect and will not be affected by the illegal, 
invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this 
Agreement.

7.7 Additional Documents and Acts. Each party hereto agrees to execute and 
deliver such additional documents and instruments and to perform such 
additional acts as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to 
effectuate, carry out, and perform all of the terms, provisions, and 
conditions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

7.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties and separate counterparts, each of 
which when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all 
of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this 
Agreement by electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually 
executed counterpart of this Agreement.

7.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Shareholder Agreement and the 
Charter Documents constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among 
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all 
prior oral and written, and all contemporaneous oral, agreements and 
understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.

7.10 No Waiver. No provision hereunder may be waived other than in a 
written instrument executed by the waiving party.
 
- 8 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. GOVERNING LAW

8.1 Governing Law.

This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder will be governed by, 
interpreted, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without reference to conflicts of law principles.

8.2 Consent to Jurisdiction.

The Company and Elliott (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any state court in the State of Delaware, and the United 
States District Court for the District of Delaware (and the appropriate 
appellate courts), for the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding 
arising out of this Agreement and (ii) agrees to commence any such action, 
suit or proceeding either in the United States District Court for the 
District of Delaware or if such suit, action or other proceeding may not be 
brought in such court for jurisdictional reasons, in any state court in the 
State of Delaware. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any party hereto may 
commence an action, suit or proceeding with any governmental body anywhere 
in the world for the sole purpose of seeking recognition and enforcement of 
a judgment of any court referred to in the first sentence of this Section 
8.2. The Company and Elliott further (x) agrees that service of any 
process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to such 
partys respective address set forth in Section 7.3 hereof shall be 
effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in Delaware 
with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction in 
this Section 8.2 and (y) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any 
objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising 
out of this Agreement in (A) any state court in the State of Delaware, or 
(B) the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, and 
hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to 
plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding 
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

8.3 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

THE COMPANY AND ELLIOTT HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, INVOLVING OR OTHERWISE IN RESPECT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT OR ELLIOTTS OWNERSHIP OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK. THE COMPANY 
AND ELLIOTT (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE 
COMPANY OR ELLIOTT HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT THE 
COMPANY OR ELLIOTT WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE 
THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMPANY AND ELLIOTT HAS 
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE 
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.3.

*    *    Signature pages follow    *    *
 
- 9 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Elliott have executed this Agreement on 
the day and year first written above.
 
COMPANY:
AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Gregory S. Miller
Name: 	  	Gregory S. Miller
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and Chief
  	Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Nominating Agreement (Elliott)]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ELLIOTT ASSOCIATES, L.P.
By: 	  	Elliott Capital Advisors, L.P., as general partner
By: 	  	Braxton Associates, Inc., as general partner
By: 	  	
/s/ Elliot Greenberg
  	Name: Elliot Greenberg
  	Title: Vice President
THE LIVERPOOL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
By: 	  	Liverpool Associates Ltd., as General Partner
By: 	  	
/s/ Elliot Greenberg
  	Name: Elliot Greenberg
  	Title: Vice President
ELLIOTT INTERNATIONAL, L.P.
By: 	  	Elliott International Capital Advisors Inc. as attorney-in-fact
By: 	  	
/s/ Elliot Greenberg
  	Name: Elliot Greenberg
  	Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Nominating Agreement (Elliott)]