 EX-10.4 6 f8k122716ex10iv_pacific.htm FORM OF NON-COMPETITION AND 
NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT, BY AND AMONG THE SHAREHOLDER OF BORQS 
INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP PARTY THERETO, PACIFIC SPECIAL ACQUISITION CORP
Exhibit 10.4
  
FORM OF
NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT
 
THIS NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is 
being executed and delivered as of [●], 2017 by [_______________________], 
an individual residing in [____________] (the “Subject Party”), in favor of 
and for the benefit of Pacific Special Acquisition Corp., a business 
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability, 
which will be known after the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
by the Merger Agreement (as defined below) as “Borqs Technologies, Inc.” 
(including any successor entity thereto, “Purchaser”), Borqs International 
Holding Corp., a company formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands with 
limited liability (together with its successors, including the Surviving 
Company (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the “Company”), and each of 
Purchaser’s and/or the Company’s respective present and future successors 
and direct and indirect Subsidiaries (collectively with Purchaser and the 
Company, the “Covered Parties”). Any capitalized term used, but not defined 
in this Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Merger 
Agreement.
 
WHEREAS, on December 27, 2016, Purchaser and the Company entered into that 
certain Merger Agreement (as amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among (i) Purchaser, 
(ii) PAAC Merger Subsidiary Limited, a company formed under the laws of the 
Cayman Islands with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Purchaser (“Merger Sub”), (iii) Zhengqi International Holding Limited, in 
the capacity as the Purchaser Representative thereunder (including any 
successor Purchaser Representative appointed in accordance therewith, the “
Purchaser Representative”), (iv) Zhengdong Zou, in the capacity as the 
Seller Representative thereunder, (v) the Company and (vi) for certain 
limited purposes thereunder, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a 
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, pursuant to which, 
subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Merger Sub merged with an into 
the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving company, and with 
the Company’s shareholders receiving equity shares of Purchaser;
 
WHEREAS, the Company, directly and indirectly through its Subsidiaries 
(including the WFOE, the VIE Entities and their respective Subsidiaries), 
provides software and solutions for connected devices in the Internet of 
Things industry, and mobile communication service as a Mobile Virtual 
Network Operator (the “Business”);
 
WHEREAS, in connection with, and as a condition to the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Transactions”), and 
to enable Purchaser and the Company to secure more fully the benefits of 
the Transactions, including the protection and maintenance of the goodwill 
and confidential information of the Company and its Subsidiaries, Purchaser 
has required that the Subject Party enter into this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Subject Party is entering into this Agreement in order to 
induce Purchaser and Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions, pursuant to 
which the Subject Party will directly or indirectly receive a material 
benefit; and
 
WHEREAS, the Subject Party, as a former and/or current shareholder, 
director, officer and/or employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries, has 
contributed to the value of the Company and has obtained extensive and 
valuable knowledge and confidential information concerning the business of 
the Company and its Subsidiaries.
 

 

 

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Purchaser to consummate the 
Transactions, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Subject Party hereby 
agrees as follows:
 
1.  Restriction on Competition.
 
(a)  Restriction. The Subject Party hereby agrees that during the period 
from the Closing until the later of (i) the four (4) year anniversary of 
the Closing Date and (ii) the date on which the Subject Party is no longer 
a director, officer, manager, employee or independent contractor of any 
Covered Party (the “Termination Date”, and such period from the Closing 
until the later of clauses (i) and (ii), the “Restricted Period”), the 
Subject Party will not, and will cause its Controlled Affiliates not to, 
without the prior written consent of Purchaser (which may be withheld in 
its sole discretion), anywhere in the People’s Republic of China or in any 
other markets in which the Covered Parties are engaged, or are actively 
contemplating to become engaged, in the Business as of the Closing Date or 
during the Restricted Period (the “Territory”), directly or indirectly 
engage in the Business (other than through a Covered Party) or own, manage, 
finance or control, or participate in the ownership, management, financing 
or control of, or become engaged or serve as an officer, director, member, 
partner, employee, agent, consultant, advisor or representative of, a 
business or entity (other than a Covered Party) that engages in the 
Business (a “Competitor”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Subject Party 
and his or her Affiliates may own passive investments of no more than two 
percent (2%) of any class of outstanding equity interests in a Competitor 
that is publicly traded, so long as the Subject Party and his or her 
Affiliates and immediate family members are not involved in the management 
or control of such Competitor (“Permitted Ownership”).
 
(b)  Acknowledgment. The Subject Party acknowledges and agrees, based upon 
the advice of legal counsel and/or the Subject Party’s own education, 
experience and training, that (i) the Subject Party possesses knowledge of 
confidential information of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the 
Business, (ii) the Subject Party’s execution of this Agreement is a 
material inducement to Purchaser to consummate the Transactions and to 
realize the goodwill of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for which the 
Subject Party and/or his or her Affiliates will receive a substantial 
direct or indirect financial benefit, and that Purchaser would not have 
entered into the Merger Agreement or consummated the Transactions but for 
the Subject Party’s agreements set forth in this Agreement; (iii) it would 
impair the goodwill of the Company and its Subsidiaries and reduce the 
value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries and cause serious 
and irreparable injury if the Subject Party were to use his or her ability 
and knowledge by engaging in the Business in competition with a Covered 
Party, and/or to otherwise breach the obligations contained herein and that 
the Covered Parties would not have an adequate remedy at law because of the 
unique nature of the Business, (iv) the Subject Party and his or her 
Controlled Affiliates have no intention of engaging in the Business during 
the Restricted Period other than through Permitted Ownership, (v) the 
relevant public policy aspects of restrictive covenants, covenants not to 
compete and non-solicitation provisions have been discussed, and every 
effort has been made to limit the restrictions placed upon the Subject 
Party to those that are reasonable and necessary to protect the Covered 
Parties’ legitimate interests, (vi) the Covered Parties conduct and intend 
to conduct the Business everywhere in the Territory and compete with other 
businesses that are or could be located in any part of the Territory, (vii) 
the foregoing restrictions on competition are fair and reasonable in type 
of prohibited activity, geographic area covered, scope and duration, (viii) 
the consideration provided to the Subject Party under this Agreement and 
the Merger Agreement is not illusory, and (ix) such provisions do not 
impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or 
other business interests of the Covered Parties.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
2.  No Solicitation; No Disparagement.
 
(a)  No Solicitation of Employees and Consultants. The Subject Party agrees 
that, during the Restricted Period, the Subject Party and his or her 
Controlled Affiliates will not, without the prior written consent of 
Purchaser (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), either on its own 
behalf or on behalf of any other Person (other than, if applicable, a 
Covered Party in the performance of the Subject Party’s duties on behalf of 
the Covered Parties), directly or indirectly: (i) hire or engage as an 
employee, independent contractor, consultant or otherwise any Covered 
Personnel (as defined below); (ii) solicit, induce, encourage or otherwise 
knowingly cause (or attempt to do any of the foregoing) any Covered 
Personnel to leave the service (whether as an employee, consultant or 
independent contractor) of any Covered Party; or (iii) in any way interfere 
with or attempt to interfere with the relationship between any Covered 
Personnel and any Covered Party; provided, however, the Subject Party will 
not be deemed to have violated this Section 2(a) if any Covered Personnel 
voluntarily and independently solicits an offer of employment from the 
Subject Party or his or her Controlled Affiliate (or other Person whom any 
of them is acting on behalf of) by responding to a general advertisement or 
solicitation program conducted by or on behalf of the Subject Party or his 
or her Controlled Affiliate (or such other Person whom any of them is 
acting on behalf of) that is not specifically targeted at such Covered 
Personnel or Covered Personnel generally, so long as such Covered Personnel 
is not hired. For purposes of this Agreement, “Covered Personnel” shall 
mean any Person who is or was an employee, consultant or independent 
contractor of the Covered Parties, (A) if the relevant time of 
determination is before the Termination Date, as of such date of 
determination or during the one (1) year period preceding such date and, 
(B) if the relevant time of determination is after the Termination Date, as 
of the Termination Date or during the one (1) year period preceding the 
Termination Date.
 
(b)  Non-Solicitation of Customers and Suppliers. The Subject Party agrees 
that, during the Restricted Period, the Subject Party and his or her 
Controlled Affiliates will not, without the prior written consent of 
Purchaser (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), individually or 
on behalf of any other Person (other than, if applicable, a Covered Party 
in the performance of the Subject Party’s duties on behalf of the Covered 
Parties), directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, induce, encourage or 
otherwise knowingly cause (or attempt to do any of the foregoing) any 
Covered Customer (as defined below) to (A) cease being, or not become, a 
client or customer of any Covered Party with respect to the Business or (B) 
reduce the amount of business of such Covered Customer with any Covered 
Party, or otherwise alter such business relationship in a manner adverse to 
any Covered Party, in either case, with respect to or relating to the 
Business; (ii) interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or 
disrupt) the contractual relationship between any Covered Party and any 
Covered Customer; (iii) divert any business with any Covered Customer 
relating to the Business from a Covered Party; (iv) solicit for business, 
provide services to, engage in or do business with, any Covered Customer 
for products or services that are part of the Business; or (v) interfere 
with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt), any Person that 
was a vendor, supplier, distributor, agent or other service provider of a 
Covered Party at the time of such interference or disruption, for a purpose 
competitive with a Covered Party as it relates to the Business. For 
purposes of this Agreement, a “Covered Customer” shall mean any Person who 
is or was an actual customer or client (or prospective customer or client 
with whom a Covered Party actively marketed or made or taken specific 
action to make a proposal) of a Covered Party, (A) if the relevant time of 
determination is before the Termination Date, as of such date of 
determination or during the one (1) year period preceding such date and, 
(B) if the relevant time of determination is after the Termination Date, as 
of the Termination Date or during the one (1) year period preceding the 
Termination Date.
 
(c)  Non-Disparagement. The Subject Party agrees that from and after the 
Closing Date until the second (2nd) anniversary of the end of the 
Restricted Period, the Subject Party and its Controlled Affiliates will 
not, directly or indirectly engage in any conduct that involves the making 
or publishing (including through electronic mail distribution or online 
social media) of any written or oral statements or remarks (including the 
repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations, negative 
reports or comments) that are disparaging, deleterious or damaging to the 
integrity, reputation or good will of one or more Covered Parties or their 
respective management, officers, employees, independent contractors or 
consultants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 3 below, the 
provisions of this Section 2(c) shall not restrict the Subject Party from 
providing truthful testimony or information in response to a subpoena or 
investigation by a Governmental Authority or in connection with any legal 
action by the Subject Party against any Covered Party under this Agreement, 
the Merger Agreement or any other Ancillary Document that is asserted by 
the Subject Party in good faith.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
3.  Confidentiality. From and after the Closing Date, the Subject Party 
will, and will cause its Representatives to, keep confidential and not 
(except, if applicable, in the performance of the Subject Party’s duties on 
behalf of the Covered Parties) directly or indirectly use, disclose, 
reveal, publish, transfer or provide access to, any and all Covered Party 
Information without the prior written consent of Purchaser (which may be 
withheld in its sole discretion). As used in this Agreement, “Covered Party 
Information” means all material and information relating to the business, 
affairs and assets of any Covered Party, including material and information 
that concerns or relates to such Covered Party’s bidding and proposal, 
technical, computer hardware or software, administrative, management, 
operational, data processing, financial, marketing, sales, human resources, 
business development, planning and/or other business activities, regardless 
of whether such material and information is maintained in physical, 
electronic, or other form, that is: (A) gathered, compiled, generated, 
produced or maintained by such Covered Party through its Representatives, 
or provided to such Covered Party by its suppliers, service providers or 
customers; and (B) intended and maintained by such Covered Party or its 
Representatives, suppliers, service providers or customers to be kept in 
confidence. The obligations set forth in this Section 3 will not apply to 
any Covered Party Information where the Subject Party can prove that such 
material or information: (i) is known or available through other lawful 
sources not bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other 
confidentiality obligation to, any Covered Party; (ii) is or becomes 
publicly known through no violation of this Agreement or other 
non-disclosure obligation of the Subject Party or any of its 
Representatives; (iii) is already in the possession of the Subject Party at 
the time of disclosure through lawful sources not bound by a 
confidentiality agreement or other confidentiality obligation as evidenced 
by the Subject Party’s documents and records; or (iv) is required to be 
disclosed pursuant to an order of any administrative body or court of 
competent jurisdiction (provided that (A) the applicable Covered Party is 
given reasonable prior written notice, (B) the Subject Party cooperates 
(and causes its Representatives to cooperate) with any reasonable request 
of any Covered Party to seek to prevent or narrow such disclosure and (C) 
if after compliance with clauses (A) and (B) such disclosure is still 
required, the Subject Party and its Representatives only disclose such 
portion of the Covered Party Information that is expressly required by such 
order, as it may be subsequently narrowed).
 
4.  Representations and Warranties. The Subject Party hereby represents and 
warrants, to and for the benefit of the Covered Parties as of the date of 
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, that: (a) the Subject Party has 
full power and capacity to execute and deliver, and to perform all of the 
Subject Party’s obligations under, this Agreement; and (b) neither the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the performance of the Subject 
Party’s obligations hereunder will result directly or indirectly in a 
violation or breach of any agreement or obligation by which the Subject 
Party is a party or otherwise bound. By entering into this Agreement, the 
Subject Party certifies and acknowledges that the Subject Party has 
carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement, and that the 
Subject Party voluntarily and knowingly enters into this Agreement.
 
5.  Remedies. The covenants and undertakings of the Subject Party contained 
in this Agreement relate to matters which are of a special, unique and 
extraordinary character and a violation of any of the terms of this 
Agreement may cause irreparable injury to the Covered Parties, the amount 
of which may be impossible to estimate or determine and which cannot be 
adequately compensated. The Subject Party agrees that, in the event of any 
breach or threatened breach by the Subject Party of any covenant or 
obligation contained in this Agreement, each applicable Covered Party will 
be entitled to obtain the following remedies (in addition to, and not in 
lieu of, any other remedy at law or in equity or pursuant to the Merger 
Agreement or the other Ancillary Documents that may be available to the 
Covered Parties, including monetary damages), and a court of competent 
jurisdiction may award: (i) an injunction, restraining order or other 
equitable relief restraining or preventing such breach or threatened 
breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting bond or 
security, which the Subject Party expressly waives; and (ii) recovery of 
the Covered Party’s attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in enforcing the 
Covered Party’s rights under this Agreement. The Subject Party hereby 
consents to the award of any of the above remedies to the applicable 
Covered Party in connection with any such breach or threatened breach. The 
Subject Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any 
breach of this Agreement, any value attributed or allocated to this 
Agreement (or any other non-competition agreement with the Subject Party) 
under or in connection with the Merger Agreement shall not be considered a 
measure of, or a limit on, the damages of the Covered Parties.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
6.  Survival of Obligations. The expiration of the Restricted Period will 
not relieve the Subject Party of any obligation or liability arising from 
any breach by the Subject Party of this Agreement during the Restricted 
Period. Each Subject Party further agrees that the time period during which 
the covenants contained in Section 1 and Section 2 of this Agreement will 
be effective will be computed by excluding from such computation any time 
during which the Subject Party is in violation of any provision of such 
Sections.
 
7.  Miscellaneous.
 
(a)  Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by facsimile or other electronic means, 
with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day after 
being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier 
service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by 
registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in 
each case to the applicable party at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):
 
 
If to Purchaser (or any other Covered Party), to:
 
Borqs Technologies, Inc.
Tower A, Building B23
Universal Business Park
No. 10 Jiuxiangqiao Road
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100015, China
Attn: Pat Chan, CEO
Facsimile No.: 86-10-5975-6363
Telephone No: 86-10-5975-6336
Email: pat.chan@borqs.com
 
and
 
Zhengqi International Holding Limited
855 Pudong South Road
The World Plaza, 27th Floor
Pudong, Shanghai 200120, China
Attn: Yaqi (Sophie) Feng, COO
Facsimile No.: 86-21-8012-9882
Telephone No: 86-21-8012-9878
Email: fengyq@tpyzq.com
 
 
with copies (that will not constitute notice) to:
 
Fenwick & West LLP
801 California Street
Mountain View, CA 94041
Attention: Eva Wang
Facsimile No.: (650) 938-5200
Telephone No.: (650) 335-7878
Email: ewang@fenwick.com
 
and
 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attn: Douglas Ellenoff, Esq.
Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com
sneuhauser@egsllp.com
 
If to the Subject Party, to:
the address below the Subject Party’s name on the signature page to this 
Agreement.
 
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(b)  Integration and Non-Exclusivity. This Agreement, the Merger Agreement 
and the other Ancillary Documents contain the entire agreement between the 
Subject Party and the Covered Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rights and remedies of the Covered 
Parties under this Agreement are not exclusive of or limited by any other 
rights or remedies which they may have, whether at law, in equity, by 
contract or otherwise, all of which will be cumulative (and not 
alternative). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the rights 
and remedies of the Covered Parties, and the obligations and liabilities of 
the Subject Party, under this Agreement, are in addition to their 
respective rights, remedies, obligations and liabilities (i) under the laws 
of unfair competition, misappropriation of trade secrets, or other 
requirements of statutory or common law, or any applicable rules and 
regulations and (ii) otherwise conferred by contract, including the Merger 
Agreement and any other written agreement between the Subject Party and any 
of the Covered Parties. Nothing in the Merger Agreement will limit any of 
the obligations, liabilities, rights or remedies of the Subject Party or 
the Covered Parties under this Agreement, nor will any breach of the Merger 
Agreement or any other agreement between the Subject Party and any of the 
Covered Parties limit or otherwise affect any right or remedy of the 
Covered Parties under this Agreement. If any term or condition of any other 
agreement between the Subject Party and any of the Covered Parties 
conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the more restrictive terms will control as to the Subject Party.
 
(c)  Severability; Reformation. Each provision of this Agreement is 
separable from every other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of 
this Agreement is found or held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in 
whole or in part, by a court of competent jurisdiction, then (i) such 
provision will be deemed amended to conform to applicable laws so as to be 
valid, legal and enforceable to the fullest possible extent, (ii) the 
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of such provision will not 
affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision under any 
other circumstances or in any other jurisdiction, and (iii) the invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability of such provision will not affect the 
validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of such provision or 
the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this 
Agreement. The Subject Party and the Covered Parties will substitute for 
any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable 
provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and enforceable, 
the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. 
Without limiting the foregoing, if any court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that any part hereof is unenforceable because of the duration, 
geographic area covered, scope of such provision, or otherwise, such court 
will have the power to reduce the duration, geographic area covered or 
scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such 
provision will then be enforceable. The Subject Party will, at a Covered 
Party’s request, join such Covered Party in requesting that such court take 
such action.
 
(d)  Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in 
any respect, except by a written agreement executed by the Subject Party, 
Purchaser and the Purchaser Representative (or their respective permitted 
successors or assigns). No waiver will be effective unless it is expressly 
set forth in a written instrument executed by the waiving party (and if 
such waiving party is a Covered Party, the Purchaser Representative) and 
any such waiver will have no effect except in the specific instance in 
which it is given. Any delay or omission by a party in exercising its 
rights under this Agreement, or failure to insist upon strict compliance 
with any term, covenant, or condition of this Agreement will not be deemed 
a waiver of such term, covenant, condition or right, nor will any waiver or 
relinquishment of any right or power under this Agreement at any time or 
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any 
other time or times.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
(e)  Dispute Resolution. Any dispute, difference, controversy or claim 
arising in connection with or related or incidental to, or question 
occurring under, this Agreement or the subject matter hereof (other than 
applications for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, 
permanent injunction or other equitable relief or application for 
enforcement of a resolution under this Section 7(e)) (a “Dispute”) shall be 
governed by this Section 7(e). A party must, in the first instance, provide 
written notice of any Disputes to the other parties subject to such 
Dispute, which notice must provide a reasonably detailed description of the 
matters subject to the Dispute. Any Dispute that is not resolved may at any 
time after the delivery of such notice immediately be referred to and 
finally resolved by arbitration pursuant to the then-existing Expedited 
Procedures of the Commercial Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Procedures”) of 
the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”). Any party involved in 
such Dispute may submit the Dispute to the AAA to commence the proceedings 
after the Resolution Period. To the extent that the AAA Procedures and this 
Agreement are in conflict, the terms of this Agreement shall control. The 
arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator nominated by the AAA 
promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days) after the 
submission of the Dispute to the AAA and reasonably acceptable to each 
party subject to the Dispute, which arbitrator shall be a commercial lawyer 
with substantial experience arbitrating disputes under acquisition 
agreements. The arbitrator shall accept his or her appointment and begin 
the arbitration process promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business 
Days) after his or her nomination and acceptance by the parties subject to 
the Dispute. The proceedings shall be streamlined and efficient. The 
arbitrator shall decide the Dispute in accordance with the substantive law 
of the State of New York. Time is of the essence. Each party shall submit a 
proposal for resolution of the Dispute to the arbitrator within twenty (20) 
days after confirmation of the appointment of the arbitrator. The 
arbitrator shall have the power to order any party to do, or to refrain 
from doing, anything consistent with this Agreement, the Ancillary 
Documents and applicable Law, including to perform its contractual 
obligation(s); provided, that the arbitrator shall be limited to ordering 
pursuant to the foregoing power (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall 
order) the relevant party (or parties, as applicable) to comply with only 
one or the other of the proposals. The arbitrator's award shall be in 
writing and shall include a reasonable explanation of the arbitrator's 
reason(s) for selecting one or the other proposal. The seat of arbitration 
shall be in New York County, State of New York. The language of the 
arbitration shall be English.
 
(f)  Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, 
construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York 
without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Subject to 
Section 7(e), all Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court 
located in New York, New York (or in any court in which appeal from such 
courts may be taken) (the “Specified Courts”). Subject to Section 7(e), 
each party hereto hereby (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
Specified Court for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement brought by any party hereto, (b) irrevocably waives, and 
agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such 
Action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of 
the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from 
attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient 
forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or 
the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any 
Specified Court and (c) waives any bond, surety or other security that 
might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each party 
agrees that a final judgment in any Action shall be conclusive and may be 
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by Law or in equity. Each party irrevocably consents to the 
service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other 
action or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of 
copies of such process to such party at the applicable address set forth in 
Section 7(a). Nothing in this Section 7(f) shall affect the right of any 
party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
(g)  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER 
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD 
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND 
(B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND 
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7(g). ANY PARTY HERETO MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL 
COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 7(g) WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN 
EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF EACH SUCH PARTY TO THE WAIVER OF ITS RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY.
 
(h)  Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement will 
be binding upon the Subject Party and the Subject Party’s estate, 
successors and assigns, and will inure to the benefit of the Covered 
Parties, and their respective successors and assigns. Each Covered Party 
may freely assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement, at any 
time, in whole or in part, to any Person which acquires, in one or more 
transactions, at least a majority of the equity securities (whether by 
equity sale, merger or otherwise) of such Covered Party or all or 
substantially all of the assets of such Covered Party and its Subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole, without obtaining the consent or approval of the Subject 
Party. The Subject Party agrees that the obligations of the Subject Party 
under this Agreement are personal and will not be assigned by the Subject 
Party. Each of the Covered Parties are express third party beneficiaries of 
this Agreement and will be considered parties under and for purposes of 
this Agreement.
 
(i)   Purchaser Representative Authorized to Act on Behalf of Covered 
Parties. The parties acknowledge and agree that the Purchaser 
Representative is authorized and shall have the sole right to act on behalf 
of Purchaser and the other Covered Parties under this Agreement, including 
the right to enforce Purchaser’s rights and remedies under this Agreement. 
Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that the Subject Party serves 
as a director, officer, employee or other authorized agent of a Covered 
Party, the Subject Party shall have no authority, express or implied, to 
act or make any determination on behalf of a Covered Party in connection 
with this Agreement or any dispute or Action with respect hereto.
 
(j)   Construction. The Subject Party acknowledges that the Subject Party 
has been represented by counsel, or had the opportunity to be represented 
by counsel of the Subject Party’s choice. Any rule of construction to the 
effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party will 
not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 
Neither the drafting history nor the negotiating history of this Agreement 
will be used or referred to in connection with the construction or 
interpretation of this Agreement. The headings and subheadings contained in 
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any 
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement: (i) 
the words “include,” “includes” and “including” when used herein shall be 
deemed in each case to be followed by the words “without limitation”; (ii) 
the definitions contained herein are applicable to the singular as well as 
the plural forms of such terms; (iii) whenever required by the context, any 
pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter 
forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the 
plural and vice versa; (iv) the words “herein,” “hereto,” and “hereby” and 
other words of similar import shall be deemed in each case to refer to this 
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision 
of this Agreement; (v) the word “if” and other words of similar import when 
used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the phrase “and 
only if”; (vi) the term “or” means “and/or”; and (vii) any agreement or 
instrument defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument 
that is referred to herein means such agreement or instrument as from time 
to time amended, modified or supplemented, including by waiver or consent 
and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated 
therein.
 

  	8 	 

 

 
(k)  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, 
each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. A 
photocopy, faxed, scanned and/or emailed copy of this Agreement or any 
signature page to this Agreement, shall have the same validity and 
enforceability as an originally signed copy.
 
(l)   Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Subject Party 
upon the Subject Party’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, but this 
Agreement shall only become effective upon the consummation of the 
Transactions. In the event that the Merger Agreement is validly terminated 
in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of the Transactions, 
this Agreement shall automatically terminate and become null and void, and 
the parties shall have no obligations hereunder.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
 

  	9 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this 
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement as of the date first written 
above.
 
  	Subject Party:
  	 
  	Signature:_______________________________________   
  	Print Name:
  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Address: __________________________________________
  	__________________________________________________
  	 __________________________________________________
  	Facsimile No.: ______________________________________
  	Telephone No.: _____________________________________
  	Email: _____________________________________________
                                   
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
                             
{Signature Page to Non-Competition Agreement}
 

 

 

 
Acknowledged and accepted as of the date first written above:
 
Purchaser: 	  	 
  	  	 
PACIFIC SPECIAL ACQUISITION CORP. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	                                   	 
Name:   	  	 
Title: 	  	 
  	  	 
Company: 	  	 
  	  	 
BORQS INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP. 	 
  	 
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
  	  	 
The Purchaser Representative: 	 
  	  	 
ZHENGQI INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED, solely in its capacity as the 
Purchaser Representative hereunder 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
{Signature Page to Non-Competition Agreement}
 
 
 