 EX-10.1 2 d300797dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into by and between 
Radian Group Inc. (the Company) and Richard G. Thornberry (the 
Executive) as of February 8, 2017 the Effective Date).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive as its Chief Executive 
Officer and the Executive desires to serve in such capacity on behalf of 
the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual 
covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the Company and the 
Executive hereby agree as follows:


1. Employment.

(a) Term. The Executives employment with the Company will begin on March 
6, 2017. The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the first day of 
the Executives employment with the Company (the Employment Date) and 
shall continue for three years thereafter, unless sooner terminated by 
either party as set forth below, or until the termination of the 
Executives employment, if earlier. The term of this Agreement shall 
automatically renew for periods of one-year unless either party gives the 
other party written notice at least 90 days prior to the end of the then 
existing term or at least 90 days prior to the end of any one-year renewal 
period that the term of the Agreement shall not be further extended. The 
period commencing on the Employment Date and ending on the date on which 
the term of the Agreement terminates is referred to herein as the Term.

(b) Duties. During the Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company with duties, responsibilities and 
authority commensurate therewith and shall report to the Board of Directors 
of the Company (the Board). The Executive shall perform all duties and 
accept all responsibilities incident to such position as is set forth in 
the Companys Guidelines of Corporate Governance (as in effect on the 
Effective Date or as may be modified thereafter after consultation with the 
Executive) and as otherwise may be reasonably assigned to the Executive by 
the Board, consistent with his position as Chief Executive Officer. The 
Executive will be appointed as a member of the Board effective as of the 
Employment Date, and the Company shall cause the Executive to be nominated 
as a member of the Board at each annual meeting of stockholders of the 
Company during the Term at which the Executives Board seat is up for 
re-election. The Executive represents to the Company that the Executive is 
not subject to or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition 
covenant, or other agreement that would be breached by, or prohibit the 
Executive from executing, this Agreement and performing fully the 
Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(c) Best Efforts. During the Term, the Executive shall devote his best 
efforts and all or substantially all of his full business time and 
attention to promote the business and affairs of the Company and its 
affiliated entities, and shall be engaged in other business activities only 
to the extent that such activities: (1) do not materially interfere or 
conflict with the Executives obligations to the Company hereunder, 
including, without limitation, obligations pursuant to Section 14 below, 
the Restrictive Covenants Agreement (as defined below), the other 
agreements described in Section 14 of this Agreement, and the Companys 
Code of Conduct and Ethics, as in
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
effect on the Effective Date or as may be modified thereafter after 
consultation with the Executive (the Code of Conduct), and (2) such other 
business activities have been reviewed, and if necessary approved, in 
accordance with the Companys Guidelines of Corporate Governance. The 
Executive may, without further review or consent, (i) deliver lectures, 
fulfil speaking engagements or lecture at educational institutions, (ii) 
manage personal investments, or (iii) engage in the activities described in 
Exhibit A hereto subject to the limitations set forth in Exhibit A; 
provided that, in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Executive 
complies with his obligations and conditions under Section 14 of this 
Agreement, the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the other agreements 
described in Section 14, and the Companys Code of Conduct.

(d) Principal Place of Employment. The Executive understands and agrees 
that his principal place of employment shall be in the Companys 
headquarters offices located in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan 
area and that the Executive shall be required to travel for business in the 
course of performing his duties for the Company. The Executive further 
agrees that he will relocate to the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan 
area as a condition of his employment, as soon as practicable, and not 
later than 180 days, after the Employment Date. The 180 day period in the 
preceding sentence may be extended with approval of the Compensation and 
Human Resources Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee).


2. Compensation.

(a) Base Salary. During the Term, the Company shall pay the Executive a 
base salary (Base Salary), at the annual rate of $750,000, which shall be 
paid in installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll 
practices. The Executives Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the 
independent directors of the Board and may be increased (but not decreased) 
as the independent directors, upon the recommendation of the Compensation 
Committee, deem appropriate.

(b) STI/MTI Incentive Plan. With respect to each fiscal year of the Company 
ending during the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to earn an 
incentive award under the Radian Group Inc. STI/MTI Incentive Plan for 
Executive Employees, or any successor plan (the STI/MTI Plan) pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the STI/MTI Plan. The Executives incentive 
award shall be paid at such times and in such manner as set forth in the 
STI/MTI Plan. Prior to or at the beginning of each fiscal year of the 
Company, the independent directors of the Board (upon the recommendation of 
the Compensation Committee) shall determine the Target Incentive Award (as 
defined in the STI/MTI Plan) for the Executive, taking into consideration 
such factors as the independent directors deem appropriate. The Executives 
Target Incentive Award under the STI/MTI Plan for 2017 (i.e. for the 
2017-2018 STI/MTI period) shall be $1,500,000. Notwithstanding the terms of 
the STI/MTI Plan, Cause as used therein shall be deemed to refer to the 
definition of Cause contained in this Agreement, and any provision therein 
relating to the Executives termination of employment by the Company 
without Cause shall be deemed to include a resignation by the Executive for 
Good Reason hereunder.

(c) Sign-On Bonus. As an inducement for the Executive to join the Company 
in the role of Chief Executive Officer and to compensate the Executive for 
certain costs associated with transitioning his prior business activities, 
the Company shall pay the Executive a sign-on bonus in the amount of 
$500,000 (the Sign-On Bonus). The Sign-On Bonus shall be paid in a lump 
sum
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
within 30 days following the Employment Date. The Executive shall be 
required to repay the full amount of the Sign-On Bonus if, prior to the 
first anniversary of the Employment Date, the Executives employment 
terminates either (1) by the Company for Cause (as defined below) or (2) by 
the Executive for any reason other than Good Reason (as defined below). For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall not be required to repay any 
portion of the Sign-On Bonus by reason of termination of employment for any 
other reason (including, without limitation, death or Disability).

(d) Restricted Stock Unit Grant. In order to further align the Executive 
with the Companys stockholders, the Compensation Committee will grant the 
Executive restricted stock units with a grant date value (based on the 
closing price of a share of Company common stock on the Employment Date) of 
$1,000,000 (the Sign-On RSUs), upon the Employment Date. The Sign-On RSUs 
shall vest in equal installments of one-third of the award on each of the 
second, third and fourth anniversaries of the Employment Date, subject to 
the Executives continued employment with the Company and shall be 
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto.

(e) Long-Term Incentive Opportunity. The Executive shall be eligible to 
receive long-term incentive awards in respect of each fiscal year during 
the Term (LTI) under the Companys long-term incentive program in an 
amount and on terms established by the Committee, commensurate with his 
position as Chief Executive Officer. For the 2017 fiscal year, the 
Executive shall be granted equity awards in connection with the Companys 
regular grant cycle having an aggregate grant date value of $3,000,000 on 
terms established by the Committee, which shall be no less favorable than 
such terms as established generally for executive officers of the Company. 
Without limiting the scope of the foregoing, LTI awards shall contain 
retirement-based vesting provisions, as determined by the Compensation 
Committee after consultation with the Executive, that define retirement as 
termination of employment after either attainment of age 55 with at least 
10 years of service or attainment of age 65 with at least 5 years of 
service.

(f) Target Compensation after 2017. The Executives Target Incentive Award 
under the STI/MTI Plan and target LTI shall be reviewed annually by the 
independent directors pursuant to the normal performance review policies 
for the CEO, with such targets established by the independent directors in 
their sole discretion, following a recommendation by the Compensation 
Committee. For each full fiscal year of the Term after 2017, the total of 
the Executives Base Salary, Target Incentive Award under the STI/MTI Plan, 
and target LTI shall be no less than $5,250,000, with the actual realized 
pay to the Executive primarily dependent on performance under the STI/MTI 
Plan and LTI awards to the Executive.

3. Retirement and Welfare Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be 
eligible to participate in the Companys health, life insurance (at the CEO 
level of coverage), long-term disability, retirement, deferred 
compensation, stock purchase and welfare benefit plans and programs 
available to executives of the Company, pursuant to their respective terms 
and conditions. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any 
affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any employee benefit 
plan, program or policy from time to time after the Effective Date.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Vacation. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to 30 days of 
paid time off (vacation and sick leave) each year, as well as Company 
holidays at levels commensurate with those provided to other executive 
officers of the Company, in accordance with the Companys paid time off and 
holiday policies.


5. Expenses; Relocation Benefits.

(a) Expenses. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all necessary 
and reasonable travel (which shall not include commuting) and other 
business expenses incurred by the Executive in the performance of his 
duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement 
policy for executives.

(b) Relocation Benefits. The Executive shall receive relocation benefits 
for his move to the Philadelphia, PA area from St. Louis, Missouri, as set 
forth in Exhibit C. The Executive shall be required to repay the full 
amount of the relocation benefits if, prior to the first anniversary of the 
Employment Date, the Executives employment terminates either (1) by the 
Company for Cause or (2) by the Executive for any reason other than Good 
Reason. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall not be required to 
repay any portion of the relocations benefits by reason of termination of 
employment for any other reason (including, without limitation, death or 
Disability).

6. Termination without Cause; Resignation for Good Reason. The Company may 
terminate the Executives employment at any time without Cause upon 15 days 
advance written notice (or pay in lieu of notice). The Executive may 
initiate a termination of employment by resigning for Good Reason as 
described below. Upon termination by the Company without Cause or 
resignation by the Executive for Good Reason, if the Executive executes and 
does not revoke a written Release (as defined below), the Executive shall 
be entitled to receive, in lieu of any payments under any severance plan or 
program for employees or executives, the following:

(a) The Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to two times the 
Executives annual Base Salary, which shall be paid as follows: (i) the 
maximum amount that can be paid under the separation pay exception under 
section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) 
shall be paid in 12 equal monthly installments following the Executives 
termination date, in accordance with the Companys normal payroll 
practices, with the first payment to be made within 60 days following such 
termination of employment, and (ii) the remainder of such benefit shall be 
paid in a lump sum between March 1 and March 15 of the calendar year 
following the year in which the Executives termination date occurs. The 
first payment under clause (i) shall include any payments for the period 
from the termination date to the commencement date of payments.

(b) The Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to two times the 
Executives Target Incentive Award established under the STI/MTI Plan 
either (i) for the year in which the termination date occurs (or if it has 
not yet been established, the Target Incentive Award established for the 
immediately preceding year), or (ii) the Executives Target Incentive Award 
under the STI/MTI Plan for 2017, whichever is greater, which amount shall 
be paid in a lump sum between March 1 and March 15 of the calendar year 
following the year in which the Executives termination date occurs.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) The Company shall pay the Executive a pro-rated Target Incentive Award 
under the STI/MTI Plan either (i) for the year in which the termination 
date occurs (or if it has not yet been established, the Target Incentive 
Award established for the immediately preceding year), or (ii) the 
Executives Target Incentive Award under the STI/MTI Plan for 2017, 
whichever is greater, which amount shall be paid in a lump sum within 60 
days following the Executives termination date, except as provided below. 
The prorated Target Incentive Award shall equal (x) the Target Incentive 
Award established under the STI/MTI Plan either (i) for the year in which 
the termination date occurs (or the immediately preceding year such Target 
Incentive Award has not yet been established), or (ii) the Executives 
Target Incentive Award under the STI/MTI Plan for 2017, whichever is 
greater, multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number 
of full completed days of employment with the Company from the beginning of 
the calendar year through the termination date, and the denominator of 
which is the number of days in such year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the Compensation Committee determines, prior to the year in which the 
Executives termination date occurs, that the Executives STI/MTI Plan 
bonus for the year in which the Executives termination date occurs is 
intended to satisfy the requirements for performance-based compensation 
under section 162(m) of the Code and the Target Incentive Award has been 
established by the termination date, the pro-rated STI/MTI Plan bonus 
payable under this subsection (c) shall be equal to the bonus that is 
payable based on the Companys attainment of the applicable performance 
goals for the performance period (and not the Target Incentive Award), 
multiplied by the fraction described in clause (y) above. Such pro-rated 
bonus shall be paid at the same time as such bonuses are paid to other 
executives of the Company, consistent with the requirements of section 
162(m) of the Code for performance-based compensation, but no later than 
March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which the Executives 
termination date occurs.

(d) During the period beginning on the date of the Executives termination 
date and ending on the first to occur of (i) 18 months after the 
termination date, (ii) the date on which the Executive becomes eligible for 
health coverage by a successor employer, or (iii) the date on which the 
Executive becomes eligible to elect medical coverage under Social Security 
Medicare or otherwise ceases to be eligible for continued health coverage 
under the Companys group health plan under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act (COBRA) (the Coverage Period), if the Executive 
elects to receive continued health coverage under the Companys health plan 
under COBRA at a level of coverage at or below the Executives level of 
coverage in effect on the date of the Executives termination of 
employment, and the Executive pays the full monthly COBRA premium cost for 
such health coverage, the Company shall reimburse the Executive monthly an 
amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive, less the 
premium charge that is paid by the Companys active employees for such 
coverage as in effect on the date of the Executives termination of 
employment (the COBRA Reimbursement). The payments shall commence on the 
first payroll date that is administratively practicable after the 
Executives termination date, and within 60 days after the Executives 
termination date. The first payment shall include any payments for the 
period from the termination date to the commencement date. The Company 
shall reimburse the Executive under this subsection only for the portion of 
the Coverage Period during which the Executive continues COBRA coverage 
under the Companys health plan. The Executive agrees to notify the Company 
promptly of the Executives coverage under an alternative health plan upon 
becoming covered by such alternative plan. The COBRA health care 
continuation coverage period under section 4980B of the Code shall run 
concurrently with the Coverage Period.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) The Executives Sign-On RSUs shall become fully vested as of the 
termination date, and shall be settled as soon as practicable, and in any 
event within 60 days, following the termination date, in accordance with 
the terms of the grant agreement.

(f) The Company shall also pay the Accrued Obligations, regardless of 
whether the Executive executes or revokes the Release.

7. Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time 
for Cause upon written notice to the Executive, in which event all payments 
under this Agreement shall cease, except for the Accrued Obligations.

8. Voluntary Resignation without Good Reason. The Executive may voluntarily 
terminate employment without Good Reason for any reason upon 30 days prior 
written notice to the Company. In such event, after the effective date of 
such termination, no payments shall be due under this Agreement, except for 
the Accrued Obligations.

9. Disability. If the Executive incurs a Disability during the Term, the 
Company may terminate the Executives employment on or after the date of 
Disability. If the Executives employment terminates on account of 
Disability, the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations. Otherwise, 
the Company shall have no further liability or obligation under this 
Agreement to the Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, the term 
Disability shall mean a physical or mental impairment of sufficient 
severity that the Executive is both eligible for and in receipt of benefits 
under the long-term disability program maintained by the Company.

10. Death. If the Executive dies during the Term, the Executives 
employment shall terminate on the date of death, the Executives executor, 
legal representative, administrator or designated beneficiary, as 
applicable, shall receive the Accrued Obligations. Otherwise, the Company 
shall have no further liability or obligation under this Agreement to the 
Executives executors, legal representatives, administrators, heirs or 
assigns or any other person claiming under or through the Executive.

11. Resignation of Positions. Effective as of the date of any termination 
of employment, the Executive shall resign all Company-related positions, 
including as an officer and director of the Company and its affiliates.

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings:

(a) Accrued Obligations shall mean (i) all accrued but unpaid Base 
Salary, and all accrued but unused PTO under the terms of the Companys PTO 
policy, through the date of termination of the Executives employment, (ii) 
any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred through the date of such 
termination in accordance with Section 5 hereof, and (iii) any vested 
accrued compensation, equity awards or benefits provided under the 
Companys employee incentive or benefit plans upon or following a 
termination of employment, in accordance with the terms of the applicable 
plan, including without limitation the STI/MTI Plan, but excluding any 
separate Company severance plan or policy.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Cause shall mean any of the grounds for termination of the 
Executives employment listed below, after the Executive has been provided 
with an opportunity to meet with the Board with respect to the 
determination of Cause:

(1) the Executives indictment for, conviction of, or pleading nolo 
contendere to, a felony or a crime involving fraud, misrepresentation, or 
moral turpitude (excluding traffic offenses other than traffic offenses 
involving the use of alcohol or illegal substances);

(2) the Executives fraud, dishonesty, theft, or misappropriation of funds 
in connection with the Executives duties with the Company and its 
affiliates;

(3) the Executives material violation of the Companys Code of Conduct;

(4) the Executives gross negligence or willful misconduct in the 
performance of the Executives duties with the Company and its affiliates; 
or

(5) the Executives breach of Section 14 of this Agreement or any covenants 
contained in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement (except any breach 
relating to the Companys Code of Conduct, which shall be governed by 
clause (3) above) or any other agreement described in Section 14, or the 
Executives material breach of any other provision of this Agreement.

(c) Good Reason shall mean:

(1) the scope of the Executives duties, responsibilities and reporting 
lines as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company are, in the aggregate, 
materially reduced ;

(2) any material change in the geographic location at which the Executive 
must perform the Executives duties to the Company and its affiliates, 
which, for purposes of this Agreement, means the permanent relocation of 
the Executives principal place of employment to any office or location 
which is located more than 100 miles from the location where the Executive 
is based immediately prior to the change in location;

(3) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of this 
Agreement by the Company; or

(4) the provision by the Company to the Executive of written notice 
pursuant to Section 1(a) that the Term of the Agreement shall not be 
further extended, provided that the Executive is willing and able to 
continue in employment under the terms of the Agreement, if extended. The 
Executive shall be deemed to be willing and able to continue in employment 
under the terms of the Agreement if he so states in the written notice of 
termination described in the following sentence.

In order to terminate employment for Good Reason, the Executive must 
provide a written notice of termination with respect to termination for 
Good Reason to the Company within 60 days after the event constituting Good 
Reason has occurred. The Company shall have a period of 30 days in which it 
may correct the act, or the failure to act, that gave rise to the Good 
Reason event as set forth in the notice of termination. If the Company does 
not correct the act, or the failure to act, the Executive must terminate 
employment for Good Reason within 30 days after the end of
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the cure period, in order for the termination to be considered a Good 
Reason termination; provided that in the event of a termination on account 
of non-renewal of the Agreement under clause (4) above, the termination 
date shall not be earlier than the scheduled end of the Term. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Executive have Good 
Reason for termination if an event described in Section 12(b)(1) occurs in 
connection with the Executives inability to substantially perform the 
Executives duties on account of short-term or long-term disability.

(d) Release shall mean a release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D
, with such changes as the Company deems appropriate to comply with 
applicable law.


13. Section 409A.

(a) This Agreement is intended to comply with section 409A of the Code and 
its corresponding regulations, or an exemption, and payments may only be 
made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by 
section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. Severance benefits 
under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from section 409A of the 
Code under the short-term deferral exception, to the maximum extent 
applicable, and then under the separation pay exception, to the maximum 
extent applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, to the extent required by section 409A of the Code, if the 
Executive is considered a specified employee for purposes of section 409A 
of the Code and if payment of any amounts under this Agreement is required 
to be delayed for a period of six months after separation from service 
pursuant to section 409A of the Code, payment of such amounts shall be 
delayed as required by section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated 
amounts shall be paid in a lump sum payment within ten days after the end 
of the six-month period. If the Executive dies during the postponement 
period prior to the payment of benefits, the amounts withheld on account of 
section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of 
the Executives estate within 60 days after the date of the Executives 
death.

(b) All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this 
Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service under section 
409A of the Code. For purposes of section 409A of the Code, each payment 
hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment and the right to a series 
of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to 
a series of separate payments. In no event may the Executive, directly or 
indirectly, designate the calendar year of a payment. Notwithstanding any 
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the timing 
of the Executives execution of the Release, directly or indirectly, result 
in the Executive designating the calendar year of payment of any amounts of 
deferred compensation subject to section 409A of the Code, and if a payment 
that is subject to execution of the Release could be made in more than one 
taxable year, payment shall be made in the later taxable year.

(c) All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement 
shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of section 
409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any 
reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified 
in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, 
or in kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits to be provided, in 
any other calendar year, (iii) the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last 
day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is 
incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not 
subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.


14. Restrictive Covenants.

(a) The Executive agrees to comply with the restrictive covenants and 
agreements set forth in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement attached hereto 
as Exhibit E (the Restrictive Covenants Agreement), which the Executive 
agrees to sign as a condition of this Agreement, the attached Exhibit A 
(which is hereby incorporated into this Section 14 by this reference), and 
all other written agreements between the Company and the Executive 
containing non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, inventions 
assignment, non-disparagement and other restrictive covenants. Without 
limiting the foregoing, all references in this Agreement to Section 14 
shall include the provisions of Exhibit A.

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the 
Executive breaches any of the Executives obligations under this Section 
14, the Company shall be obligated to provide only the Accrued Obligations, 
and all other payments under this Agreement shall cease. In such event, the 
Company may require that the Executive repay all amounts theretofore paid 
to him pursuant to Section 6 hereof (other than the Accrued Obligations), 
and in such case, the Executive shall promptly repay such amounts on the 
terms determined by the Company.

15. Legal Action. The Executive irrevocably and unconditionally (1) agrees 
that any legal proceeding arising out of this Agreement shall be brought 
solely in the United States District Court for Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania, or if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not 
accept jurisdiction, in any court of general jurisdiction in general 
jurisdiction in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, (2) consents to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding, and (3) waives 
any objection to the laying of venue of any such proceeding in any such 
court. The Executive also irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the 
service of any process, pleadings, notices or other papers.

16. Survival. The respective rights and obligations of the parties under 
this Agreement (including Sections 14 and 15) shall survive any termination 
of the Executives employment or termination or expiration of this 
Agreement to the extent necessary to the intended preservation of such 
rights and obligations.

17. No Mitigation or Set Off. In no event shall the Executive be obligated 
to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of 
the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this 
Agreement, and such amounts shall not be reduced, regardless of whether the 
Executive obtains other employment. The Companys obligation to make the 
payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its 
obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any circumstances, 
including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, 
defense or other right which the Company may have against the Executive or 
others.

18. Section 280G. In the event of a change in ownership or control under 
section 280G of the Code, if it shall be determined that any payment or 
distribution in the nature of compensation
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the 
benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or 
distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a 
Payment), would constitute an excess parachute payment within the 
meaning of section 280G of the Code, the aggregate present value of the 
Payments under the Agreement shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the 
Reduced Amount (defined below) if and only if the Accounting Firm 
(described below) determines that the reduction will provide the Executive 
with a greater net after-tax benefit than would no reduction. No reduction 
shall be made unless the reduction would provide the Executive with a 
greater net after-tax benefit. The determinations under this Section shall 
be made as follows:

(a) The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value 
which maximizes the aggregate present value of Payments under this 
Agreement without causing any Payment under this Agreement to be subject to 
the Excise Tax (defined below), determined in accordance with section 
280G(d)(4) of the Code. The term Excise Tax means the excise tax imposed 
under section 4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties 
imposed with respect to such excise tax.

(b) Payments under this Agreement shall be reduced on a nondiscretionary 
basis in such a way as to minimize the reduction in the economic value 
deliverable to the Executive. Where more than one payment has the same 
value for this purpose and they are payable at different times, they shall 
be reduced on a pro rata basis. Only amounts payable under this Agreement 
shall be reduced pursuant to this Section.

(c) All determinations to be made under this Section shall be made by an 
independent certified public accounting firm selected by the Company and 
agreed to by the Executive immediately prior to the change in ownership or 
control transaction (the Accounting Firm). The Accounting Firm shall 
provide its determinations and any supporting calculations both to the 
Company and the Executive within ten days of the transaction. Any such 
determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and 
the Executive. All of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm in 
performing the determinations referred to in this Section shall be borne 
solely by the Company.

19. Legal Fees. The Company will reimburse the Executive for up to $25,000 
of documented legal fees that are reasonably related to the Executives 
prospective employment with the Company, including the review and 
negotiation of this Agreement.

20. Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted 
under this Agreement or necessary or convenient in connection herewith 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when hand 
delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, as follows (provided 
that notice of change of address shall be deemed given only when received):

If to the Company, to:

Anita Scott, SVP Human Resources
Radian Group Inc.
1601 Market Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to the Executive, to the most recent address on file with the Company or 
to such other names or addresses as the Company or the Executive, as the 
case may be, shall designate by notice to each other person entitled to 
receive notices in the manner specified in this Section.

21. Withholding. All payments under this Agreement shall be made subject to 
applicable tax withholding, and the Company shall withhold from any 
payments under this Agreement all federal, state and local taxes as the 
Company is required to withhold pursuant to any law or governmental rule or 
regulation. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Executive shall bear 
all expense of, and be solely responsible for, all federal, state and local 
taxes imposed on the Executive with respect to any payment received under 
this Agreement.

22. Remedies Cumulative; No Waiver. No remedy conferred upon a party by 
this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each 
and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to any 
other remedy given under this Agreement or now or hereafter existing at law 
or in equity. No delay or omission by a party in exercising any right, 
remedy or power under this Agreement or existing at law or in equity shall 
be construed as a waiver thereof, and any such right, remedy or power may 
be exercised by such party from time to time and as often as may be deemed 
expedient or necessary by such party in its sole discretion.

23. Assignment. All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the 
respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, 
successors and assigns of the parties hereto, except that the duties and 
responsibilities of the Executive under this Agreement are of a personal 
nature and shall not be assignable or delegable in whole or in part by the 
Executive. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or 
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise) 
to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, 
within 15 days of such succession, expressly to assume and agree to perform 
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company 
would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place, and the 
Executive acknowledges that in such event the obligations of the Executive 
hereunder, including but not limited to those under Section 14, will 
continue to apply in favor of the successor.

24. Company Policies. Employment with the Company is conditioned on the 
Executives agreement to comply with the Code of Conduct, which shall be 
evidenced by his execution thereof. The Company shall present the Code of 
Conduct to the Executive for signature upon or prior to the Employment 
Date. The Executive, this Agreement, and the compensation payable 
hereunder, as applicable, shall be subject to any applicable clawback or 
recoupment policies, stock ownership policies, share trading policies, the 
Code of Conduct, and other written policies that are in place as of the 
Effective Date and as may be revised or implemented by the Company from 
time to time as applicable to officers of the Company, in each case after 
consultation with the Executive.

25. Indemnification. As to any matter occurring or arising during the 
Executives employment with the Company or its affiliates, the Company 
hereby covenants and agrees to indemnify the Executive and hold him 
harmless fully, completely, and absolutely against and in respect to any 
and all actions, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, judgments, costs, 
reasonable
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), losses and damages 
(collectively, Claims) resulting from his performance of his duties and 
obligations as an employee, officer or director of the Company or any of 
its affiliates to the extent provided by the bylaws of the Company and its 
affiliates (as in effect on the date hereof or as may be subsequently 
modified in consultation with the Executive); provided, however, that this 
indemnity shall not apply to any Claims that are a direct result of the 
Executives engaging in conduct that constitutes Cause. The Company will 
insure the Executive, for the duration of his employment, and thereafter in 
respect of his acts and omissions occurring during such employment under a 
contract of directors and officers liability insurance to the same extent 
as any such insurance insures members of the Board.

26. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the 
parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior agreements and 
understandings concerning the Executives employment by the Company, other 
than the Restrictive Covenants Agreement. This Agreement may be changed 
only by a written document signed by the Executive and the Company.

27. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or application thereof 
to anyone or under any circumstances is adjudicated to be invalid or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability 
shall not affect any other provision or application of this Agreement which 
can be given effect without the invalid or unenforceable provision or 
application and shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision 
or application in any other jurisdiction. If any provision is held void, 
invalid or unenforceable with respect to particular circumstances, it shall 
nevertheless remain in full force and effect in all other circumstances.

28. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and 
enforced in accordance with, the substantive and procedural laws of 
Pennsylvania without regard to rules governing conflicts of law.

29. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts (including facsimile counterparts), each of which shall be an 
original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

<Signature Page Follows>
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date and year first above written.
 
Radian Group Inc.
/s/ Anita Scott
Name: 	  	Anita Scott
Title: 	  	SVP CHRO
Date: 	  	2/8/17
EXECUTIVE
/s/ Richard G. Thornberry
Name: 	  	Richard G. Thornberry
Date: 	  	2/8/17
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A

Permitted Activities
 
  	1. 	St. Louis University John Cook School of Business Executive Advisory 
Board Member
 
  	2. 	St. Louis University Billiken Angels Network Advisory Board Member
 
  	3. 	Manager of NexSpring Partners I, LLC (which is an investment 
partnership that does not, and will not, hold any interests in NF or NSG 
(each as defined below).
 
  	4. 	Board Manager of NexSpring Financial, LLC (NF) until May 7, 2017
 
  	5. 	Upon and following resignation as Board Manager of NF, Board Advisor 
to NF, subject to regular, periodic review by the Companys Governance 
Committee
 
  	6. 	
Passive Investment in the equity of NF and NexSpring Group, LLC (NSG) by 
the Executive (or his Family, as defined below) at a level no greater than 
the level in effect as of the Employment Date. For this purpose, Passive 
Investment means an investment in NF and NSG with only economic rights, 
and no ability by Executive (or his Family) to exercise management or 
voting rights (other than with respect to a disposition of the investment). 
The Executive and the Company acknowledge that the Passive Investment does 
not, as of the date hereof, constitute a breach or violation of this 
Agreement, the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Code of Conduct, or any 
other agreement between the Executive and the Company or any other policy 
of the Company that is currently in effect. To the extent that in the 
future the Executives Passive Investment would result in a breach or 
violation of this Agreement, the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Code 
of Conduct, or any other agreement between the Executive and the Company, 
as determined by the Governance Committee following consultation with the 
Executive, then (i) the Governance Committee will consult with the 
Executive in considering all available alternatives to address such 
potential breach or violation, and (ii) if it is determined by the 
Governance Committee following consultation with the Executive that the 
only viable alternative to address such breach or violation is for the 
Executive to divest his Passive Investment, the Executive agrees to use his 
best efforts to divest his Passive Investment pursuant to an arms length 
sale to an unaffiliated third party as soon as practicable after such 
determination. If, despite the Executives best efforts, he is unable to 
divest his Passive Investment after a reasonable period of time, any 
termination of the Executives employment by the Company as a result of his 
failure
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 to divest shall not be treated as a termination for Cause pursuant this 
Agreement, any equity plan of the Company or award thereunder, or any other 
agreement with, or benefit or compensation plan of, the Company; provided, 
however, that the provisions of Sections 6(a), 6(b) or 6(d) of the 
Agreement shall not apply with respect to such termination of employment 
(and no payments shall be made under Sections 6(a), 6(b) or 6(d) or under 
any severance plan of the Company), but the provisions of Sections 6(c), 
6(e) and 6(f), and all other provisions of the Agreement applicable to a 
termination by the Company without Cause, shall apply. For purposes of this 
Exhibit A, the term Family means the Executives immediate family members 
(i.e. spouse, descendants, parents, siblings, step-children and people 
sharing the Executives household (other than tenants and employees) and 
spouses of any of the foregoing) and any trusts or other entities of which 
the Executive or his immediate family members are beneficiaries or owners, 
other than any such trusts or other entities that are controlled by persons 
independent of the Executive and members of his immediate family.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B

Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit C

Relocation Benefits

Relocation benefits shall be provided to the Executive as follows:

(a) Home Finding Trip. The Company will reimburse the Executive for the 
expenses for two house-hunting trips to Philadelphia (not to exceed a total 
of 8 days), including transportation, lodging, meals, rental car and rental 
assistance fee.

(b) Temporary Housing. The Executive will be provided temporary housing in 
the Philadelphia area (using a Company preferred provider) for up to 60 
days.

(c) Trips to Prior Home. The Company will reimburse the Executive for the 
transportation expense of four trips to the Executives prior home (every 
other weekend).

(d) Closing Costs. The Company will reimburse the Executive for the closing 
costs of purchasing a home in the Philadelphia, PA area, up to 3% of the 
purchase price of the home (excluding points or pre-payments).

(e) Home Sale Program. The Company will provide the Executive with an 
assisted home sale program that is designed to help the Executive sell his 
current primary residence without negative tax implications (using a Buyer 
Value Option).

(f) Moving Expenses. The Company will provide shipment of the Executives 
household goods (including packing and unpacking costs and up to 180 days 
of storage) from the Executives home in St. Louis Missouri to 
Philadelphia, PA through a Company preferred provider, up to a maximum 
weight of 20,000 pounds).

(g) Relocation Allowance. The Company will provide the Executive with a 
relocation allowance of $10,000, less applicable taxes, that is intended to 
compensate the Executive for miscellaneous costs associated with the 
Executives transfer. The relocation allowance will be paid within 30 days 
after the Employment Date.

(h) Taxes. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for any federal, 
state, local and FICA taxes imposed on the relocation expenses paid or 
reimbursed by the Company as described in this Exhibit, including this 
subsection (h), but excluding the relocation allowance described in 
subsection (g) above. Such reimbursements shall be provided as soon as 
practicable following the date on which the applicable taxes are incurred 
and shall comply with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(1)(v) to the extent 
applicable.

(i) Other Terms. The Executive must be employed by the Company on the date 
the relevant expenses are incurred in order to receive the applicable 
reimbursement or payment. All reimbursements shall be subject to the terms 
of the Companys expense reimbursement policy and shall be made 
consistently with the requirements of section 409A of the Code. All 
relocation benefits are subject to the requirements of Section 5(b) of the 
Agreement.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit D

Form of Release

This Release Agreement (this Agreement) is made by and between Richard G. 
Thornberry (Employee) and Radian Group Inc. (Radian). Employee and 
Radian are parties to this Agreement and are collectively referred to 
herein as the Parties.

As used in this Agreement, any reference to Employee shall include 
Employee, and in their capacities as such, Employees heirs, 
administrators, representatives, executors, legatees, successors, agents 
and assigns. As used in this Agreement, any reference to the Company 
shall mean Radian and each subsidiary of Radian.


1. Release.

(a) In further consideration of the compensation provided to Employee 
pursuant to Section 6 of the Employment Agreement dated February 8, 2017 
between Employee and Radian (the Employment Agreement) , Employee hereby 
agrees, subject to and without waiving any rights identified in Paragraph 
2, Permitted Conduct, of this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by 
law, to irrevocably and unconditionally RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the 
Company and each of its and their past or present parents, subsidiaries and 
affiliates, their past or present officers, directors, stockholders, 
employees and agents, their respective successors and assigns, heirs, 
executors and administrators, the pension and employee benefit plans of the 
Company and of the Companys past or present parents, subsidiaries or 
affiliates, and the past or present trustees, administrators, agents or 
employees of all such pension and employee benefit plans (hereinafter 
collectively included within the term the Released Parties), acting in 
any capacity whatsoever, of and from any and all manner of actions and 
causes of actions, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in 
equity, whether known or unknown, which Employee may have, or which 
Employees heirs, executors or administrators may have against the Released 
Parties, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the 
beginning of Employees employment with the Company to and including the 
date on which Employee executes this Agreement, and particularly, but 
without limitation of the foregoing general terms, any claims arising from 
or relating in any way to Employees employment relationship and/or the 
termination of Employees employment relationship with the Company, 
including but not limited to, any claims which have been asserted, could 
have been asserted, or could be asserted now or in the future, which 
includes any claim or right based upon or arising under any federal, state 
or local fair employment practices or equal opportunity laws, including, 
but not limited to, any claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Equal Pay Act, the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) (including, but not 
limited to, claims for breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA), the Americans 
With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), 
the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, Pennsylvania Human Relations 
Act, Pennsylvania Equal Pay Law, Pennsylvania Pregnancy Guidelines of the 
Human Relations Commission, including all amendments thereto, and any other 
federal, state or local statutes or common law under which Employee can 
waive Employees rights, any contracts between the Released Parties and 
Employee, and all claims for counsel fees and costs.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) In waiving and releasing any and all claims against the Released 
Parties, whether or not now known to Employee, Employee understands that 
this means that if Employee later discovers facts different from or in 
addition to those facts currently known by Employee, or believed by 
Employee to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain 
effective in all respects, despite such different or additional facts and 
Employees later discovery of such facts, even if Employee would not have 
agreed to this Agreement if Employee had prior knowledge of such facts.

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Employee 
does not waive (i) any entitlements under the terms of Section 6 of the 
Employment Agreement, (ii) Employees existing right to receive vested 
accrued benefits under any equity grants or other plans or programs of the 
Company under which Employee has accrued benefits (other than under any 
Company separation or severance plan or programs), (iii) any claims that, 
by law, may not be waived, (iv) any rights or claims that may arise after 
the date Employee executes this Agreement, (v) any right to indemnification 
under the bylaws of the Company, or under any directors and officers 
insurance policy, with respect to Employees performance of duties as an 
employee or officer of the Company, and (vi) any claim or right Employee 
may have for unemployment insurance benefits, workers compensation 
benefits, state disability and/or paid family leave insurance benefits 
pursuant to the terms of applicable state law.

2. Permitted Conduct. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict 
Employee from initiating communications directly with, or responding to any 
inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, the Department of Justice, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state or local regulatory 
authority. To the extent permitted by law, upon receipt of any subpoena, 
court order, or other legal process compelling the disclosure of any 
confidential information and trade secrets of the Company, Employee agrees 
to give prompt written notice to the Company so as to permit the Company to 
protect its interests in confidentiality to the fullest extent possible. 
Please take notice that federal law provides criminal and civil immunity to 
federal and state claims for trade secret misappropriation to individuals 
who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government 
official in certain, confidential circumstances that are set forth at 18 
U.S.C. §§ 1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), related to the reporting or 
investigation of a suspected violation of the law, or in connection with a 
lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of the law.


3. Restrictive Covenants.

(a) Employee agrees to comply with the restrictive covenants and agreements 
set forth in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement between Employee and 
Radian dated February 8, 2017, and all other written restrictive covenants 
and agreements with the Company containing non-competition, 
non-solicitation, confidentiality, inventions assignment, non-disparagement 
and other restrictive covenants, including Paragraph 3(b) below 
(collectively, the Restrictive Covenants). Employee expressly 
acknowledges that continuing to comply with the terms of the Restrictive 
Covenants is a material term of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that 
in the event that Employee breaches any of the Restrictive Covenants, 
Radian shall be obligated to provide only the Accrued Obligations (as 
defined in the Employment Agreement), and all other payments under Section 
6 of the Employment Agreement shall cease. In such event, Radian may
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
require that the Executive repay all amounts theretofore paid to him 
pursuant to Section 6 of the Employment Agreement (other than the Accrued 
Obligations), and in such case, Employee shall promptly repay such amounts 
on the terms determined by Radian.

(b) Employee agrees that Employee will not make or authorize any written or 
oral statements that are false or defamatory about the Company or the 
Companys directors, officers or employees. This clause does not affect 
Employees rights under Section 2 (Permitted Conduct).

(c) The Company agrees that it will not, and will instruct its directors 
and senior officers to not, make or authorize any written or oral 
statements that are false or defamatory about the Executive.

4. Controlling Law. This Agreement and all matters arising out of, or 
relating to it, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

5. Jurisdiction. Any action arising out of, or relating to, any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall be brought and prosecuted only in the 
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, or 
if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, 
in any court of general jurisdiction in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the 
jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding shall be exclusive. 
Employee also irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of 
any process, pleadings, notices or other papers.

6. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is construed to be 
invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions hereof 
shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforceable without regard 
thereto, except that, in the event the release in Paragraph 1 is held to be 
unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, any payments made pursuant to Section 6 
of the Employment Agreement (other than the Accrued Obligations) shall be 
returned to the Company and no further consideration shall be due. If any 
covenant or agreement is held to be unenforceable because of the duration 
thereof or the scope thereof, then the court making such determination 
shall have the power to reduce the duration and limit the scope thereof, 
and the covenant or agreement shall then be enforceable in its reduced 
form.


7. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Employee hereby acknowledges that:

(a) The Company advises Employee to consult with an attorney before signing 
this Agreement;

(b) Employee has obtained independent legal advice from an attorney of 
Employees own choice with respect to this Agreement or Employee has 
knowingly and voluntarily chosen not to do so;

(c) Employee freely, voluntarily and knowingly entered into this Agreement 
after due consideration;

(d) Employee had 21 days to review and consider this Agreement;
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) If Employee knowingly and voluntarily chooses to do so, Employee may 
accept the terms of this Agreement on or after the date of Employees 
termination of employment but before the 21 day consideration period 
provided for above has expired;

(f) Employee is signing this Agreement on or after the date of Employees 
termination of employment;

(g) Employee has a right to revoke this Agreement by notifying              
       at the Company in writing within seven days of Employees execution 
of this Agreement. Unless revoked, this Agreement will become effective on 
the eighth day following its execution (the Effective Date);

(h) Changes to the Companys offer contained in this Agreement that are 
immaterial will not restart the consideration period;

(i) In exchange for Employees waivers, releases and commitments set forth 
herein, including Employees waiver and release of all claims arising under 
the ADEA, the payments, benefits and other considerations that Employee is 
receiving pursuant to this Agreement exceed any payment, benefit or other 
thing of value to which Employee would otherwise be entitled, and are just 
and sufficient consideration for the waivers, releases and commitments set 
forth herein; and

(j) No promise or inducement has been offered to Employee, except as 
expressly set forth herein, and Employee is not relying upon any such 
promise or inducement in entering into this Agreement.

(k) EMPLOYEE REPRESENTS THAT EMPLOYEE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, 
THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS WRITTEN IN A MANNER THAT EMPLOYEE CAN UNDERSTAND AND 
THAT THE COMPANY HAS NOT MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE TERMS OR 
EFFECTS OF THIS AGREEMENT OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINED HEREIN.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EMPLOYEE FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
HEREOF, AND SIGNS THE SAME AS EMPLOYEES OWN FREE ACT.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the Parties agree to 
the terms of this Agreement.
 
  	 	  	Radian Group Inc.
Date:                                      	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	Name: 	  	
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Chief Human Resources Officer
Date:                                      	  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Richard G. Thornberry
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit E

Restrictive Covenants Agreement
 
23