 EX-10.3 4 d278375dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

Ninth Amended and Restated Rent Supplement
(CREZ Lease)
December 31, 2016

This Ninth Amended and Restated Rent Supplement (this Ninth Amended 
Supplement) between Sharyland Distribution & Transmission Services, L.L.C. 
(Lessor) and Sharyland Utilities, L.P. (Lessee) is executed and 
delivered on December 31, 2016, to memorialize supplements to the CREZ 
Lease (as defined below), effective as of January 1, 2017. Capitalized 
terms used herein that are not otherwise defined will have the meanings 
assigned to them in the CREZ Lease.

WHEREAS, Lessor and Lessee are Parties to a Third Amended and Restated 
Lease Agreement (CREZ Assets) dated as of December 4, 2015 (as amended from 
time to time in accordance with its terms, the CREZ Lease);

WHEREAS, on February 26, 2016 the Parties executed an Eighth Amended and 
Restated Rent Supplement (CREZ Lease) effective as of January 1, 2016, as 
amended by the First Amendment to the Eighth Amended and Restated Rent 
Supplement (CREZ Lease), effective as of June 13, 2016, as further amended 
by the Second Amendment to the Eighth Amended and Restated Rent Supplement 
(CREZ Lease), effective as of September 22, 2016 (collectively, the 
Eighth Amended Supplement);

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to amend and restate the Eighth Amended 
Supplement pursuant to Section 3.2(b) of the CREZ Lease; and

WHEREAS, the Parties intend to memorialize in this Ninth Amended Supplement 
the Incremental CapEx the Parties expect during 2017.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the 
Parties hereto agree to the following:

1. The Eighth Amended Supplement is hereby amended and restated in its 
entirety as set forth below.

2. The CREZ Lease, except as supplemented by this Ninth Amended Supplement, 
shall remain in full force and effect.

Incremental Cap Ex:
 
 2013
   	$ 	466,424,280 	  
 2014
   	$ 	198,982,000 	  
 2015
   	$ 	3,493,096 	  
 2016
   	$ 	5,244,389 	* 
 2017
   	$ 	49,475,943 	** 
 
* 	
Represents the aggregate amount of transmission Incremental CapEx the 
Parties expected to be placed in service in 2016. Rent supplements with 
respect to this transmission Incremental CapEx were agreed to and 
memorialized as part of the Seventh Amended and Restated Rent Supplement 
(CREZ Lease) dated December 31, 2015. Of the 2016 Incremental CapEx, $0 was 
expected to be in service as of the balance sheet date reflected in 
Lessees first 2016 Regulatory Order (First 2016 CapEx), an aggregate of 
$2,052,263 was expected to be in service as of the balance sheet date 
reflected in Lessees second 2016 Regulatory Order (Second 2016 CapEx), 
and an aggregate of $3,192,126 was expected to be placed in service 
throughout the remainder of 2016 (2016 Stub-Year CapEx). A Regulatory 
Order is defined as either (i) the PUCTs approval of Lessees application 
for updated wholesale transmission rates or (ii) final resolution or 
settlement of a rate case applicable to Lessees transmission rates. The 
Parties expected the First 2016 CapEx, Second 2016 CapEx, and 2016 
Stub-Year CapEx, collectively, to have a weighted average in-service date 
of October 1, 2016. The Parties expected the first 2016 Regulatory
 
CREZ LEASE
 

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Order to be effective on June 1, 2016, the second 2016 Regulatory Order 
to be effective on October 1, 2016, and the first 2017 Regulatory Order to 
be effective on March 1, 2017. The Parties have agreed that any Rent 
Validation (within the meaning of the CREZ Lease) with respect to First 
2016 CapEx, Second 2016 CapEx, or 2016 Stub-Year CapEx will use the actual 
effective dates of the applicable Regulatory Order (to the extent known), 
but will otherwise be determined in accordance with Section 3.2(c) of the 
CREZ Lease.
** 	Represents the aggregate amount of transmission Incremental CapEx the 
Parties expect to be placed in service in 2017. Of the 2017 Incremental 
CapEx, $0 is expected to be in service as of the balance sheet date 
reflected in Lessees first 2017 Regulatory Order (First 2017 CapEx), an 
aggregate of $49,475,943 is expected to be in service as of the balance 
sheet date reflected in Lessees second 2017 Regulatory Order (Second 2017 
CapEx), and an aggregate of $0 is expected to be placed in service 
throughout the remainder of 2017 (2017 Stub-Year CapEx). The Parties 
expect the First 2017 CapEx, Second 2017 CapEx, and 2017 Stub-Year CapEx, 
collectively, to have a weighted average in-service date of July 1, 2017. 
The Parties expect the first 2017 Regulatory Order to be effective on May 
1, 2017, the second 2017 Regulatory Order to be effective on March 1, 2018, 
and the first 2018 Regulatory Order to be effective on June 1, 2018. The 
Parties agree that any Rent Validation (within the meaning of the CREZ 
Lease) with respect to First 2017 CapEx, Second 2017 CapEx, or 2017 
Stub-Year CapEx will use the actual effective dates of the applicable 
Regulatory Order (to the extent known), but will otherwise be determined in 
accordance with Section 3.2(c) of the CREZ Lease.

Lessee Cap Ex:
 
 2013
   	$ 	0 	  
 2014
   	$ 	0 	  
 2015
   	$ 	0 	  
 2016
   	$ 	0 	  
 2017
   	$ 	0 	  

Base Rent:
 
 2013
   	$ 	21,758,233 	  
 2014
   	$ 	67,335,947 	  
 2015
   	$ 	68,524,342 	  
 2016
   	$ 	66,210,646 	# 
 2017
   	$ 	64,049,041 	## 
 2018
   	$ 	65,745,990 	### 
 2019
   	$ 	64,218,231 	  
 2020
   	$ 	61,890,240 	  
 
# 	The amount of 2016 Base Rent included in the Eighth Amended Supplement 
was $66,210,646, comprised of 2016 Base Rent payment of $5,514,292 on the 
15th day of each month beginning on March 15, 2016 through August 15, 2016 
(with respect to January 2016 through June 2016), and $5,514,292 on the 
15th day of each month beginning on September 15, 2016 through December 15, 
2016 (with respect to July 2016 through October 2016), with the increase in 
monthly Base Rent reflecting First 2016 CapEx and commencing July 1, 2016, 
which was 30 days after the expected approval of Lessees first 2016 
Regulatory Order. Lessee is scheduled to make a monthly 2016 Base Rent 
payment of $5,533,861 on each of January 15, 2017 and February 15, 2017 
(with respect to November 2016 and December 2016), with the increase in 
monthly Base Rent reflecting Second 2016 CapEx and commencing November 1, 
2016, which was 30 days after the expected approval of Lessees second 2016 
Regulatory Order.
## 	Lessee will make a monthly 2017 Base Rent payment of $5,337,420 on the 
15th day of each month beginning on March 15, 2017 through June 15, 2017 
(with respect to January 2017 through April 2017). Lessee will then make a 
2017 Base Rent payment of $5,337,420 on the 15th day of each month 
beginning on July 15, 2017 through February 15, 2018 (with respect to May 
2017 through December 2017), with the increase in monthly Base Rent 
reflecting First 2017 CapEx and commencing May 1, 2017, which is 30 days 
after the expected approval of Lessees first 2017 Regulatory Order
 
CREZ LEASE
 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 	Lessee will make a monthly 2018 Base Rent payment of $5,142,012 on the 
15th day of each month beginning on March 15, 2018 through April 15, 2018 
(with respect to January 2018 through February 2018). Lessee will make a 
monthly 2018 Base Rent payment of $5,546,197 on the 15th day of each month 
beginning on May 15, 2018 through July 15, 2018 (with respect to March 2018 
through May 2018), with the increase in monthly Base Rent reflecting Second 
2017 CapEx and commencing March 1, 2018, which is 30 days after the 
expected approval of Lessees second 2017 Regulatory Order. Lessee will 
then make a 2018 Base Rent payment of $5,546,197 on the 15th day of each 
month beginning on August 15, 2018 through February 15, 2019 (with respect 
to June 2018 through December 2018), with the increase in monthly Base Rent 
reflecting 2017 Stub-Year CapEx and commencing June 1, 2018, which is 30 
days after the expected approval of Lessees first 2018 Regulatory Order.

Percentage Rent
Percentages:
 
 2013
   	  	29.2 	% 
 2014
   	  	31.6 	% 
 2015
   	  	31.3 	% 
 2016
   	  	30.3 	% 
 2017
   	  	29.5 	% 
 2018
   	  	28.5 	% 
 2019
   	  	27.7 	% 
 2020
   	  	26.8 	% 

Annual Percentage Rent
Breakpoints:
 
 2013
   	$ 	21,758,233 	  
 2014
   	$ 	67,335,947 	  
 2015
   	$ 	68,524,342 	  
 2016
   	$ 	66,230,214 	  
 2017
   	$ 	64,079,575 	* 
 2018
   	$ 	65,745,990 	** 
 2019
   	$ 	64,218,231 	  
 2020
   	$ 	61,890,240 	  
 
* 	The 2017 Annual Percentage Rent Breakpoint reflects the assumptions set 
forth above regarding the timing of the first 2017 Regulatory Order and the 
second 2017 Regulatory Order, as well as the amount of First 2017 CapEx and 
Second 2017 CapEx.
** 	The 2018 Annual Percentage Rent Breakpoint reflects the assumptions set 
forth above regarding the timing of the first 2017 Regulatory Order, the 
second 2017 Regulatory Order, and the first 2018 Regulatory Order, as well 
as the amount of First 2017 CapEx, Second 2017 CapEx, and 2017 Stub-Year 
CapEx.

Revenues Attributable to
Lessee Capex, by Lease Year:
 
2013 	   	$ 	0 	  
2014 	   	$ 	0 	  
2015 	   	$ 	0 	  
2016 	   	$ 	0 	  
2017 	   	$ 	0 	  
 
CREZ LEASE
 

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERCOT Transmission Rate
Allocation
 
  	
 between June 20 and October 17, 2013: 65.3%
  	
 between October 17, 2013 and February 25, 2014: 84.8%
  	
 between February 25, 2014 and May 1, 2014: 83.3%
  	between May 1, 2014 and October 3, 2014: 80.9%
  	
 between October 3, 2014 and March 31, 2015: 75.8%
  	between April 1, 2015 and October 31, 2015: 72.7%
  	
 between November 1, 2015 and June 13, 2016: 65.6%
  	
 between June 13, 2016 and September 22, 2016: 56.8%
  	
 between September 23, 2016 and April 30, 2017: 49.0%
  	
 between May 1, 2017 and February 28, 2018: 46.8%
  	
 starting March 1, 2018: 46.6%

Term of Rent Supplement:     Expires 12/31/20
 
CREZ LEASE
 

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Parties have executed this Ninth Amended Supplement to the CREZ Lease 
as of the date set forth above.
 
SHARYLAND UTILITIES, L.P.
By: 	  	
/s/ Greg Wilks
Name: 	  	Greg Wilks
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
SHARYLAND DISTRIBUTION &
TRANSMISSION SERVICES, L.L.C.
By: 	  	
/s/ Brant Meleski
Name: 	  	Brant Meleski
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
 
CREZ LEASE
 