 EX-10.1 2 d347496dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION GRANT PROGRAM

FOR

NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTORS UNDER THE

ZILLOW GROUP, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED

2011 INCENTIVE PLAN

(Amended and restated effective as of March 1, 2017)

The following provisions set forth the terms of the stock option grant 
program (the Program) for nonemployee directors of Zillow Group, Inc. 
(the Company) under the Zillow Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 
Incentive Plan (the Plan). The Program does not constitute a separate 
source of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the terms contained herein and in 
the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms that are not defined 
herein have the meanings set forth in the Plan.


1. Eligibility

Each director of the Company elected or appointed to the Board who is not 
otherwise an officer or employee of the Company or of any Related Company 
(an Eligible Director) shall be eligible to receive Options under the 
Plan, as described below.


2. Annual Option Grants

(a) Beginning on March 1, 2017 and on each anniversary thereafter (each, a 
Grant Date), each individual who is an Eligible Director as of the Grant 
Date shall automatically receive a Nonqualified Stock Option to purchase 
that number of shares of Class C Capital Stock with a Black-Scholes-Merton 
value (or such other valuation method then being used by the Company to 
value its stock options for financial reporting purposes) equal to 
$200,000, with any fractional share rounded to the nearest whole share (0.5 
to be rounded up) (each, an Annual Option Grant).

(b) In the event of an Eligible Directors initial election or appointment 
to the Board during the twelve-month period following a Grant Date, such 
Eligible Director shall, subject to approval by the Board or the 
Compensation Committee, receive a Nonqualified Stock Option in connection 
with their initial election or appointment to the Board to purchase that 
number of shares of Class C Capital Stock calculated in the same manner as 
for Annual Option Grants, but prorated based on the number of full calendar 
months between the date of the Eligible Directors initial election or 
appointment to the Board and the first Grant Date following their initial 
election or appointment to the Board (each, a Prorated Option Grant). 
Following initial election or appointment to the Board, an Eligible 
Director shall be eligible to receive Annual Option Grants pursuant to 
Section 2(a) above.


3. Option Vesting

(a) One-fourth of the shares subject to Annual Option Grants will vest and 
become exercisable after each three-month period following the Grant Date 
such that Annual Option Grants will be fully vested and exercisable on the 
one-year anniversary of the Grant Date.

(b) Prorated Option Grants will become fully vested and exercisable as of 
the first Grant Date following the Boards or Compensation Committees (as 
appropriate) approval of the Option.


4. Option Exercise Price

The per share exercise price of each Option granted under the Program shall 
be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Class C Capital Stock on the Grant 
Date (which, for Prorated Option Grants, shall be the date of Board or 
Compensation Committee approval of such grant).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Payment of Exercise Price

Options granted under the Program shall be exercised by giving notice to 
the Company (or a brokerage firm designated or approved by the Company) in 
such form as required by the Company, stating the number of shares of Class 
C Capital Stock with respect to which the Option is being exercised, 
accompanied by payment in full for such Class C Capital Stock, which 
payment may be made, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and 
regulations, in whole or in part:

(a) by cash, check or wire transfer;

(b) if and so long as the Class C Capital Stock is registered under the 
Exchange Act, by delivery of a properly executed exercise notice, together 
with irrevocable instructions to a broker, to promptly deliver to the 
Company the amount of proceeds to pay the exercise price, all in accordance 
with the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board; or

(c) by such other consideration as the Compensation Committee may permit.


6. Term of Options

Each Option shall expire ten years from the Grant Date thereof (the 
Option Expiration Date), provided that any unvested portion of an Option 
shall terminate automatically and without further notice immediately upon 
an Eligible Directors Termination of Service for any reason. The vested 
portion of the Option shall be exercisable as follows:

(a) General Rule. In the event of an Eligible Directors Termination of 
Service for any reason other than death, Disability or for Cause, the 
vested portion of the Option may be exercised by the Eligible Director only 
until the earlier of (i) two years after the Eligible Directors 
Termination of Service and (ii) the Option Expiration Date;

(b) Death or Disability. In the event of an Eligible Directors Termination 
of Service by reason of death or Disability, the vested portion of the 
Option may be exercised only until the earlier of (i) the one-year 
anniversary of the date of the Eligible Directors Termination of Service 
and (ii) the Option Expiration Date. If an Eligible Director dies after his 
or her Termination of Service but while the Option is still exercisable, 
the Option may be exercised until the earlier of (x) the one-year 
anniversary of the date of death and (y) the Option Expiration Date; and

(c) Cause. In the event of an Eligible Directors Termination of Service 
for Cause, the Option, whether vested or unvested, shall terminate and no 
longer be exercisable, unless the Committee determines otherwise.


7. Amendment

The Board or the Compensation Committee may, in accordance with the Plan, 
the Compensation Committee Charter, and other relevant documents, amend the 
provisions contained herein in such respects as it deems advisable. Unless 
otherwise provided in the Plan, any such amendment shall not, without the 
consent of the Eligible Director, materially adversely affect any rights of 
an Eligible Director under an Option granted to the Eligible Director.

Provisions of the Plan (including any amendments thereto) that are not 
discussed herein, to the extent applicable to Eligible Directors, shall 
continue to govern the terms and conditions of Options granted to Eligible 
Directors.


8. Effective Date

This Program, as amended and restated, shall become effective on March 1, 
2017 and, unless sooner terminated by the Board or the Compensation 
Committee, shall remain effective during the term of the Plan.