 EX-10.3 4 exhibit10_3.htm LETTER AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.3
 
 
J. Proust & Associates Inc.
Suite 3123
595 Burrard Street
Vancouver, BC Canada V7X 1J1
December 6, 2016
                                                CONFIDENTIAL

 
Michael Steele
Avonlea - Drewry Holdings Inc.
15466 The Gore Rd
Caledon, Ontario, Canada
L7C- 3E5

Mike,

Re:       Proposed transaction with Canadian Cannabis Corp. ("CCAN")
 
This letter of intent (this "Letter Agreement") sets out the terms (the 
"Transaction Terms") of which J. Proust & Associates Inc. ("JPA") is 
authorized to negotiate an agreement (the "Transaction Agreement") on 
behalf of a company listed on a Canadian stock exchange (the "Listed 
Company") with CCAN as described below. The Listed Company is entering into 
this LOI with Michael Steele ("Steele") and Avonlea - Drewry Holdings Inc. 
("Avonlea") in order to provide Steele and Avonlea with the opportunity to 
work with CCAN and the Listed Company in order to finalize the Transaction 
Agreement pursuant to which CCAN will agree to sell its wholly owned 
subsidiary, The Clinic Network Inc. ("TCN") to the Listed Company. If the 
Listed Company and CCAN enter into the Transaction Agreement, then this 
Letter Agreement will become null, void and of no further force and effect. 
Subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions hereinafter 
contained, this Letter Agreement is intended to constitute a binding 
agreement between JPA, Steele and Avonlea.

This Agreement will terminate on the earlier of the date on which the 
Listed Company and CCAN enter into the Transaction Agreement or January 31, 
2017. The Transaction Terms are as follows:

1.  The Transaction Terms.
 
     Purchase of TCN:  	 	

CCAN owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Canada Cannabis Corp. 
which owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of TCN (the "TCN 
Shares"). The Listed Company will either acquire all of the issued shares 
of TCN or all of TCN's assets (the Assets") from CCAN (the "Acquisition"). 
The Acquisition will be structured based on the advice of tax and legal 
advisors for the Listed Company and CCAN.

                                                      

 

 

 

 

The Acquisition will constitute a reverse takeover (the "TO") for the 
Listed Company pursuant to the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange (the 
"TSX-V").

 

 

 

     Consideration:

 

The Listed Company will issue a total of 45,000,00 post-consolidated common 
shares (the "Consideration Shares") to CCAN in consideration for the TCN 
Shares or the Assets. Steele and Avonlea acknowledge that the Listed 
Company may need to effect a share consolidation prior to issuing the 
Consideration Shares. If a share consolidation is required, then 
shareholders of the Listed Company owing more than 60% of the issued and 
outstanding common shares of the Listed Company will sign support 
agreements agreeing to vote in favour of the share consolidation.

 

 

 

 

 

On closing of the Acquisition, the Listed Company will pay a finder's fee 
equal to 5% of the Consideration Shares in either cash or shares of the 
Listed Company.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

2.  Conditions to the Transaction Agreement:  The closing of the Acquistion 
will be subject to the following conditions precedent:

     Due Dilligence: 	 	

The Listed Company and  CCAN each having complete to its satisfaction a due 
diligence review of the other party's business, assets, prospects, 
financial condition and affairs by 4:OO pm (Vancouver time) on January 31, 
2017 (the "Due Diligence Period"), and all issues arising therefrom having 
been addressed to each party's satisfaction or waived by the Listed Company 
and CCAN, respectively.

                                                      

 

 

 

 

This condition is for the mutual benefit of the Listed Company and CCAN and 
may be waived, in whole or in part, by mutual consent in writing.

 

 

 

 

 

During the Due Diligence Period, the Listed Company and CCAN agree to 
permit each other and their auditors, agents and legal counsel to conduct 
such investigations as either the Listed Company or CCAN may deem reasonab
ly necessary or advisable in order to ensure that each of the 
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the other party 
are true and accurate.

 

 

 

 

 

On closing of the Acquisition, the Listed Company will pay a finder's fee 
equal to 5% of the Consideration Shares in either cash or shares of the 
Listed Company.

 

     Share Consolidation:

The Listed Company having completed a consolidation (the "Consolidation") 
of its issued and outstanding common shares in order for it to have the ca
pital structure described in Schedule "A" hereto on closing of the Acquis
ition. All references in this Letter Agreement are to post-Consolidation 
Common Shares unless otherwise noted.
 
This condition is for the benefit of CCAN and may be waived, in whole or in 
part by CCAN, in writing, at any time.
 

     Private Placement

CCAN arranging for a private placement of units (the "units") of the Listed 
Company for gross minimum proceeds of CDN$ 6,000,000 and gross maximum 
proceeds of CDN$ 15,000,000 at a price of $1.00 per Unit, by the closing of 
the Acquisition (the "Private Placement").
 
This condition is for the benefit of the Listed Company and may be waived, 
in whole or in part, in writing, at any time.
 
CCAN agrees to complete the Private Placement by the closing of the 
Acquisition on the following terms:
 
                                                                      	(i) 	
   	

each Unit will consist of one post-consolidated common share and one common 
share  purchase  warrant  (a "Warrant") exercisable at a price of no less 
than $1 .00 for a period of time to be determined by CCAN;

 

 

 

 

 

(ii)

 

upon exercise, each Warrant will entitle the holder hereof to purchase one 
common share of the Listed Company; and

 

 

 

 

 

(iii)

 

The Listed Company will pay commissions in the form of cash or shares 
and/or warrants in connection Private Placement.


2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     Listed Company
     Capital Structure:

The Listed Company having the capital structure set out in Schedule A " 
hereto immediately prior to the Consolidation and the closing of the 
Acquisition.

                                                      

 

 

 

 

This condition is for the benefit of CCAN and may be waived, in whole or 
in part by CCAN, in writing.

 

 

 

     Listed Company
     Shareholder Approval:

 

The Listed Company having obtained the approval of at least 50% of its sh
areholders to the Acquisition and the Consolidation (the "Shareholder 
Approval) either by written consent or at a meeting of its shareholders 
(the "Shareholders' Meeting"), in accordance with applicable TSX-V policies 
and applicable securities policies and laws.

 

 

 

 

 

This condition is for the benefit of each of CCAN and may be waived, in 
whole or in part by the consent of CCAN, in writing.
  

 

 

CCAN agrees to make available to the Listed Company all necessary in
formation, records, personal, financial statements, studies and other 
information as the Listed Company may require in connection with the 
preparation of the filing statement or the information circular (the 
"Disclosure Document"), as applicable, for the Shareholder Approval and 
filings with the TSX-V. After review of the Disclosure Document, CCAN 
agrees to certify that the information in the Disclosure Document with re
spect to CCAN constitutes full, true and plain disclosure regarding CCAN.

 

 

     TSX-V Approval:

 

The Listed Company having obtained final acceptance of the TSX-V to the 
Acquisition and related transactions, as required by TSX-V policies (the 
"TSX-V Approval").

 

 

     No Material Adverse Change:

 

There will not have been any event or change that has had or would 
reasonably  be likely to have a materially adverse effect on  TCN and/or 
the Assets and for the purposes  hereof,  material adverse effect means an 
effect that reasonably, individually or collectively  with  another  state  
of  facts  or  effects  is materially adverse or may be expected to be 
materially adverse on the business, operations, results of operations, 
liabilities or financial condition of TCN and/or the Assets other than any 
change, effect, event or occurrence relating to the global economy or 
securities markets in general.

 

 

 

 

This condition is for the mutual benefit of the Listed Company and CCAN and 
may be waived, in whole or in part, by the mutual consent of the Listed 
Company and CCAN, in writing.
 

 

 

 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

3.  Covenants.  The Listed Company will make the following covenants:

     Board Reconstitution: 	 	

Upon completion of the Acquisition, the board of director of the Listed 
Company will be reconstituted to directors to be determined by CCAN 
provided the TSX-V does not object to such nominations and such persons 
are eligible to act as directors pursuant to the Business Corporations Act 
(British Columbia).

                                                      

 

 

4.  Representations of CCAN. CCAN will make the following representations 
and waranties in the Transaction Agreement:

     Incorporation:

 

CCAN is duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under 
the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and no proceedings have been 
instituted or are pending for the dissolution or winding up of CCAN. CCAN 
has the corporate power to own and operate the Assets, carry on its 
business and enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction 
Agreement.

                                                      

 

 

 

The Transaction Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement 
of CCAN and is enforceable against CCAN in accordance with its terms and 
conditions, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium another similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of 
creditors and the general principles of equity.

 

 

 

     Corporate Authority:

 

The execution, delivery and performance by CCAN of the Transaction 
Agreement and the completion of the Acquisition have been duly authorized 
by all necessary corporate action on the part of CCAN.

 

 

 

     Conduct of Business:

 

Until the closing of the Acquisition and as it relates to TCN, CCAN agrees 
to use its reasonable commercial efforts to (a) preserve intact its busi
ness organization and other business relationships; (b) operate in the 
ordinary course of business and maintain its books, records and accounts 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistent 
with past practice (c) maintain and preserve the current financial condi
tion of TCN and the Assets and (d) not enter into any material agreements, 
other than in the ordinary course of business, or agreements with related 
parties (as defined in securities laws).

 

 

 

     Financial Condition:

 

All financial information of CCAN as it relates to the TCN is true and 
correct in every material respect and present fairly and accurately the 
financial position and results of operations of the TCN for the periods 
reported upon as at the date thereof.

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


     Consents:

 

Other than as contemplated in the Transaction Agreement, there are no 
regulatory, corporate or contractual consents or approvals required to 
effect the Acquisition.

                                                      

 

 

     No Litigation: 	

 

There is no material action, suit, litigation, arbitration, investigation, 
inquiry or other proceeding in progress, or to the best of CCAN's 
knowledge, pending or threatened against or relating to the TCN and/or the 
Assets and there is not outstanding against CCAN any judgment, decree, 
injunction, rule or order of any court, government department, commission, 
agency or arbitrator which affects TCN and/or the Assets.

5. Representations of the Listed Company. The Listed Company will make the 
following representations and warranties in theTransaction Agreement:

     Incorporation:

 

The Listed Company is duly incorporated and validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and no 
proceedings have been instituted or are pending for its dissolution or 
winding up. The Listed Company has the corporate power to own and operate 
its property, carry on its business and enter into and perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Agreement.

                                                      

 

 

 

 

The Transaction Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement 
of the Listed Company and is enforceable against the Listed Company in 
accordance with its terms and conditions, subject to applicable ban
kruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws 
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and the general principles 
of equity.

 

 

 

     Reporting Issuer:

 

The execution, delivery and performance by CCAN of the Transaction 
Agreement and the completion of the Acquisition have been duly authorized 
by all necessary corporate action on the part of CCAN.

 

 

 

     Capital Structure:

 

Schedule "A" to this Letter Agreement sets forth the approximate.
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

     Corporate Records:

 

The corporate records, including all constating  documents, minutes of 
meetings and resolutions of shareholders, directors and any committees, 
the share certificates, securities registers and register of directors of 
the Listed Company are complete and accurate and all corporate proceedings 
and actions reflected in such corporate records have been conducted or 
taken in compliance with all applicable laws and with the constating 
documents of the Listed Company. The Listed Companys constating documents 
are in the form contained in its minute book and no modifications or 
alterations have been proposed or approved by its shareholders.

                                                      

 

 

     Books and Records:

 

 

To the best knowledge of the Listed Company, the books and records of the 
Listed Company disclose all material agreements and material financial 
transactions of the Listed Company, and such transactions have been fairly 
and accurately recorded.

 

 

 

     Disclosure Documents:

 

The Listed Company has filed all required disclosure documents (the "Co
ntinuous Disclosure Documents") with governmental authorities in 
accordance with the applicable policies of the TSX-V and applicable laws. 
As of the time the Continous Disclosure Documents were filed with the 
governmental authorities and on SEDAR (System for Electronic Document 
Analysis and Retrieval) (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to 
the date of this Letter Agreement, then on the date of such filing): (i) 
each of the Continous Disclosure Documents complies in all material 
respects with the requirements of the policies of the TSX-V and applicable 
laws; and (ii) none of the Continuous Disclosure Documents contained any 
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact 
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements 
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading.

 

 

 

     Conduct of Business: 	

 

Until the closing of the Acquisition, the Listed Company agrees to use its 
reasonable commercial efforts to (a) preserve intact its business organ
ization and other business relationships; (b) operate in the ordinary 
course of business and maintain its books, records and accounts in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistent with 
past practice; and (c) maintain its current financial condition. Other 
than as contemplated herein, the Listed Company will not enter into any 
material agreements, or agreements with related parties (as defined in sec
urities laws), make any changes to its corporate articles, or amend any st
ock options or warrants, without the prior consent of CCAN.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

     Consents:

 

Other than as contemplated in this Letter Agreement, there are no regulato
ry, corporate or contractual consents or approvals required to effect the 
transactions contemplated herein.

                                                      

 

 

     No Litigation: 	

 

There is no material action, suit, litigation, arbitration, investigation, 
inquiry or other proceeding in progress, or, to the best of the Listed 
Companys knowledge, pending or threatened against or relating to the List
ed Company or its other material assets and there is not outstanding agains
t the Listed Company any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any 
court, government department, commission, agency or arbitrator.

6.  Other Matters.   

     Confidentiality:

 

Steele and Avonlea jointly acknowledge that JPA will be providing to 
Steele, Avonlea and CCAN information that non­public, confidential, and 
proprietary in nature (the Confidential Information"). Steele and Avonlea 
will and will cause CCAN (and their respective affiliates, representative, 
agents, lawyers, accountants and employees) to keep the Confidential 
information confidential and will not, except as otherwise provided below, 
disclose such information or use such information for any purpose other th
an for negotiation of the Transaction Agreement and the evaluation and 
consummation of the Acquisition, provided that this provision will not ap
ply to information that:

                                                      

 

 

 

 

(i)           becomes generally available  to the public absent any breach 
of this provision;

 

 

 

 

 

(ii)      was available on a non-confidential basis to a par prior to its 
disclosure pursuant to this Letter Agreement or

 

 

 

(iii)     becomes available on a non-confidential basis from a third party 
who is not bound to keep such information confidential.
 
JPA , Steele and Avonlea agree that they will not make any public 
disclosure of the existence of this Letter Agreement (or the Transaction A
greement as applicable) or of any of its terms unless such disclosure is 
required by applicable law  or regulation including in accordance with the 
policies of the TSX-V, and in any event the party contemplating disclosure 
will inform the other party of and obtain its consent to the form and co
ntent of such disclosure, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld 
or delayed.
 

 

Steele and Avonlea will cause CCAN to agree CCAN will not make any public 
disclosure of the existence of this Letter Agreement (or the Transaction 
Agreement as applicable) or of any of its terms without the prior written 
consent of JPA.
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

     Timing:

 

JPA, Steele and Avonlea agree to use reasonable commercial efforts to 
proceed with the Acquisition and related transactions in accordance with 
the following timetable of key events:

                                                      

 

 

 

 

December 5, 2016          Execution of this Letter Agreement

 

 

 

 

 

December 5, 2016          Commencement of the Due Diligence Period by the 
Listed Compay and CCAN on each other

 

 

 

December 5, 2016          Negotiation of the Transaction Agreement
 
Janary 31, 2017              Execution of Transacon Agreement
 
     Termination:

 

This Letter Agreement will terminate automatically without further action 
by JPA, Steele or Avonlea if the Listed Company and CCAN do not enter into 
the Transaction Agreement by 4:00 p.m., (Vancouver time) on January 31, 20 
17.
 
7.   General.
 

     Binding:

 

This Letter Agreement is intended to create and will create legally binding 
obligations between JPA, Steele and Avonlea with respect to this Letter 
Agreement but not for the Listed Company and CCAN with respect to the 
Acquisition.

                                                      

 

 

     Independent Legal Advice:

 

Each of JPA, Steele and Avonlea acknowledge that they have been advised to 
seek independent legal advice with respect to this Letter Agreement. Mo1ton 
Law acts for the Listed Company but does not act for JPA, Steele or Avonlea 
with respect to this Letter Agreement.

 

 

 

     Expenses:

 

JPA, the Listed Company, Steele, Avonlea and CCAN will each be responsible 
for payment of its own expenses related to this Letter Agreement, the 
Transaction Agreement, the Acquisition and all related filings, documents 
and matters.

 

 

 

     Governing Law:
This Letter Agreement and all matters arising hereunder will be governed 
by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of British Columbia, 
and JPA, Steele and Avonlea hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of British Columbia.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     Currency:

 

Unless otherwise indicated, all references to "CDN$" and dollar amounts are 
to the lawful currency of Canada.

                                                      

 

 

     Execution in Counterparts:

 

JPA, Steele and Avonlea may execute this Letter Agreement in one or more 
counterparts, and may deliver such execution  by mail or by other 
electronic means, each of which is deemed to be an original and all of 
which will constitute one agreement, effective as of the date given above.

 
 [Signature Page Follows]

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 Please indicate your agreement to this Letter Agreement by signing and
 returning a copy to JPA, Attention: John G. Proust by 4:00 pm (Vancouver
 time) on December 5, 2016. If you have any questions or would like to
 discuss this proposal further, please feel free to call me at
 604-644-1470.
 
 Yours truly,
 
J.   PROUST & ASSOCIATES INC.
 
 
 
/s/ John G. Proust
 
 
John G. Proust
 
 The undersigned here by accepts the foregoing this____day of December , 
 2016.
  
/s/Michael Steele
 
 
Michael Steele
 
AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.
 
 
 
/s/ Michael Steele
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
The Clinic Network Inc.
 
 
 
/s/ Kim Wei
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
Canada Cannabis Inc.
 
 
 
/s/ Scott Keevil
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
Canadian Cannabis Corp
 
 
 
/s/ Scott Keevil
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
 
    
 
            r

10
<
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE"A"
 
LISTED COMPANY CAPITAL STRUCTURE (1)
 
Capital Structure Immediately after completing the Consolidation and 
Closing the Acquisition
 
Common Shares Issued and Outstanding
2.6 million
Warrants
l.1  million  @ $0.15 expiring in 5 years (2)
Other Convertible Securities
Nil
Stock Options
Nil
Consideration Shares
45 million
Private Placement Shares
6 to 15 million
Total Issued and Outstanding Common
Shares ( Fully Diluted)
54.7 million (3) (assuming completion of the
minimum  Private Placement offering)
to
63.7 million (3) (assuming completion  of the maximum Private Placement 
offering)
 
       Notes:
        (1)    All figures approximate_
        (2)      To be exercised prior to closing of the Acquisition_
        (3)      Not including (a) Warrants or tinder's warrants under the 
        Private Placement; or (b) shares to be issued as tinder's fees in 
        connection with the Acquisition.
 
 
 
 
11
 
 