 EX-10.4 2 d102835dex104.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4

FORM OF PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

1. Purpose. The purpose of the Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. 2017 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and the 
other members of the Company Group may attract and retain key personnel and 
to provide a means whereby officers, employees, consultants and advisors of 
the Company and the other members of the Company Group can acquire and 
maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive 
compensation, including incentive compensation measured by reference to the 
value of Common Stock, thereby strengthening their commitment to the 
welfare of the Company Group and aligning their interests with those of the 
Companys stockholders.

2. Definitions. The following definitions shall be applicable throughout 
the Plan.

(a) Absolute Share Limit has the meaning given to such term in Section 
5(b) of the Plan.

(b) Adjustment Event has the meaning given to such term in Section 12(a) 
of the Plan.

(c) Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with the Company. The term 
control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by 
and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.

(d) Award means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock 
Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted 
Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Other Equity-Based Award, Other Cash-Based 
Award and Performance Compensation Award granted under the Plan.

(e) Award Agreement means the document or documents by which each Award 
(other than an Other Cash-Based Award) is evidenced, which may be in 
written or electronic form.

(f) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g) Cause means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable 
Award Agreement states otherwise, a good faith determination of the 
Committee or its designee that (i) there is cause to terminate a 
Participants employment or service, as defined in and in accordance with 
any employment or consulting agreement between the Participant and any 
member of the Company Group or an Affiliate in effect at the time of such 
termination or (ii) in the absence of any such employment or consulting 
agreement (or the absence of any definition of Cause contained therein), 
any of the following has occurred with respect to a Participant: (A) such 
Participant has failed to reasonably perform his or her duties to the 
Service Recipient,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or has failed to follow the lawful instructions of the Board or his or her 
direct superiors, in each case other than as a result of his or her 
incapacity due to physical or mental illness or injury, in a manner that 
could reasonably be expected to result in harm (whether financially, 
reputationally or otherwise) to any member of the Company Group or an 
Affiliate, following notice by the Company Group or such Affiliate of such 
failure; (B) such Participant has engaged or is about to engage in conduct 
harmful (whether financially, reputationally or otherwise) to any member of 
the Company Group or an Affiliate; (C) such Participant has been convicted 
of, or pled guilty or no contest to, a felony or any crime involving as a 
material element fraud or dishonesty; (D) the willful misconduct or gross 
neglect of such Participant that could reasonably be expected to result in 
harm (whether financially, reputationally or otherwise) to any member of 
the Company Group or an Affiliate; (E) the willful violation by such 
Participant of the written policies of the Service Recipient or any 
applicable written policies of any member of the Company Group that could 
reasonably be expected to result in harm (whether financially, 
reputationally or otherwise) to any member of the Company Group or an 
Affiliate; (F) such Participants fraud or misappropriation, embezzlement 
or misuse of funds or property belonging to the Company Group or an 
Affiliate (other than good faith expense account disputes); (G) such 
Participants act of personal dishonesty which involves personal profit in 
connection with such Participants employment or service with the Company 
Group or an Affiliate, or (H) the willful breach by such Participant of 
fiduciary duty owed to the Service Recipient.

(h) Change in Control means:

(i) the acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, 
combination or other similar transaction) by any Person of beneficial 
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange 
Act) of more than 30% (on a fully diluted basis) of either (A) the then 
outstanding shares of Common Stock, taking into account as outstanding for 
this purpose such Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or 
warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of 
any similar right to acquire such Common Stock; or (B) the combined voting 
power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to 
vote generally in the election of directors (clauses (A) and (B), the 
Outstanding Company Voting Securities); provided, however, that for 
purposes of this Plan, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a 
Change in Control: (I) any acquisition by the Company or any Affiliate; 
(II) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained 
by the Company or any Affiliate; (III) in respect of an Award held by a 
particular Participant, any acquisition by the Participant or any group of 
Persons including the Participant (or any entity controlled by the 
Participant or any group of Persons including the Participant); or (IV) any 
acquisition in one transaction or a series of related transactions, by any 
Person directly from The Blackstone Group L.P. and/or its Affiliates;

(ii) during any period of twenty-four (24) months, individuals who, at the 
beginning of such period, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Directors) 
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, 
provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the Effective 
Date, whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of 
at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by 
a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in 
which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written 
objection to such
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
nomination) shall be an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no 
individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a 
result of an actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used 
in Rule 14a-12 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, with 
respect to directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened 
solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person other 
than the Board shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director;

(iii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all 
of the business or assets of the Company Group (taken as a whole) to any 
Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company; or

(iv) the consummation of a reorganization, recapitalization, merger, 
consolidation, or other similar transaction involving the Company (a 
Business Combination), unless immediately following such Business 
Combination, 50% or more of the total voting power of the entity resulting 
from such Business Combination (or, if applicable, the ultimate parent 
entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of sufficient 
voting securities eligible to elect a majority of the board of directors 
(or the analogous governing body) of such resulting entity) is held by the 
holders of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to 
such Business Combination.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the occurrence of any 
of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), which occurs solely as a result of an 
Internal Reorganization as defined in Section 12(c) of the Plan shall not 
constitute a Change in Control.

(i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any 
successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of the Code shall 
be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance under 
such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, 
regulations or guidance.

(j) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any 
properly delegated subcommittee thereof or, if no such Compensation 
Committee or subcommittee thereof exists, the Board.

(k) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 
per share (and any stock or other securities into which such Common Stock 
may be converted or into which it may be exchanged).

(l) Company means Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware corporation, and 
any successor thereto, including any entity that is a constituent party in 
any merger or other combination involving the Company and that survives or 
succeeds as a publicly traded entity (including, without limitation, by 
virtue of a triangular merger structure) as part of any Internal 
Reorganization or other restructuring.

(m) Company Group means, collectively, the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(n) Date of Grant means the date on which the granting of an Award is 
authorized, or such other date as may be specified in such authorization.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(o) Designated Foreign Subsidiaries means all members of the Company 
Group that are organized under the laws of any jurisdiction or country 
other than the United States of America that may be designated by the Board 
or the Committee from time to time.

(p) Detrimental Activity means any of the following: (i) unauthorized 
disclosure of any confidential or proprietary information of any member of 
the Company Group; (ii) any activity that would be grounds to terminate the 
Participants employment or service with the Service Recipient for Cause; 
or (iii) a material breach by the Participant of any restrictive covenant 
by which such Participant is bound, including, without limitation, any 
covenant not to compete or not to solicit, in any agreement with any member 
of the Company Group.

(q) Disability means, unless in the case of a particular Award the 
applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, the Company or an Affiliate 
having cause to terminate a Participants employment or service on account 
of disability, as defined in any then-existing employment, consulting or 
other similar agreement between the Participant and the Company or an 
Affiliate or, in the absence of such an employment, consulting or other 
similar agreement (or the absence of any definition of Disability 
contained therein), a condition entitling the Participant to receive 
benefits under a long-term disability plan of the Company or an Affiliate, 
or, in the absence of such a plan, the complete and permanent inability by 
reason of illness or accident to perform the duties of the occupation at 
which a Participant was employed or served when such disability commenced. 
Any determination of whether Disability exists shall be made by the 
Committee (or its designee) in its sole discretion.

(r) Effective Date means                     , 2016.

(s) Eligible Person means any (i) individual employed by any member of 
the Company Group; provided, however, that no such employee covered by a 
collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person unless and to 
the extent that such eligibility is set forth in such collective bargaining 
agreement or in an agreement or instrument relating thereto; or (ii) 
consultant or advisor to any member of the Company Group who may be offered 
securities registrable pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 
under the Securities Act, who, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) 
above has entered into an Award Agreement or who has received written 
notification from the Committee or its designee that they have been 
selected to participate in the Plan.

(t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of (or rule 
promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, 
regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section or rule, 
and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, 
regulations or guidance.

(u) Exercise Price has the meaning given to such term in Section 7(b) of 
the Plan.

(v) Fair Market Value means, on a given date, (i) if the Common Stock is 
listed on a national securities exchange, the closing sales price of the 
Common Stock reported on the primary exchange on which the Common Stock is 
listed and traded on such date, or, if there are no such sales on that 
date, then on the last preceding date on which such sales were reported;
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any national securities exchange 
but is quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system on a last sale basis, the 
average between the closing bid price and ask price reported on such date, 
or, if there is no such sale on that date, then on the last preceding date 
on which a sale was reported; or (iii) if the Common Stock is not listed on 
a national securities exchange or quoted in an inter-dealer quotation 
system on a last sale basis, the amount determined by the Committee in good 
faith to be the fair market value of the Common Stock.

(w) GAAP has the meaning given to such term in Section 7(d) of the Plan.

(x) Incentive Stock Option means an Option which is designated by the 
Committee as an incentive stock option as described in Section 422 of the 
Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in the Plan.

(y) Indemnifiable Person has the meaning given to such term in Section 
4(e) of the Plan.

(z) Minimum Vesting Condition means, with respect to any Award, that 
vesting of (or lapsing of restrictions on) such Award does not occur 
earlier than the first anniversary of the Date of Grant (or the date of 
commencement of employment or service, in the case of a grant made in 
connection with a Participants commencement of employment or service), 
other than (i) in connection with a Change in Control, or (ii) as a result 
of a Participants death or Disability.

(aa) Negative Discretion means the discretion authorized by the Plan to 
be applied by the Committee to eliminate or reduce the size of an Award 
that is designated as a Performance Compensation Award consistent with 
Section 162(m) of the Code.

(bb) Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option which is not designated by 
the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option.

(cc) Option means an Award granted under Section 7 of the Plan.

(dd) Option Period has the meaning given to such term in Section 7(c)(i) 
of the Plan.

(ee) Other Cash-Based Award means an Award that is not a Stock 
Appreciation Right or Restricted Stock Unit granted under Section 10 of the 
Plan that is denominated and/or payable in cash.

(ff) Other Equity-Based Award means an Award that is not an Option, Stock 
Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance 
Compensation Award, that is granted under Section 10 of the Plan and is (i) 
payable by delivery of Common Stock, and/or (ii) measured by reference to 
the value of Common Stock. Other Equity-Based Awards may include (i) 
operating partnership or limited liability company units or profits 
interests, including LTIP units, with respect to a Subsidiary of the 
Company and (ii) unrestricted shares of Common Stock.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(gg) Participant means an Eligible Person who has been selected by the 
Committee to participate in the Plan and to receive an Award pursuant to 
the Plan.

(hh) Performance Compensation Award means any Award designated by the 
Committee as a Performance Compensation Award pursuant to Section 11 of the 
Plan.

(ii) Performance Criteria means the criterion or criteria that the 
Committee shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals 
for a Performance Period with respect to any Performance Compensation Award 
under the Plan.

(jj) Performance Formula means, for a Performance Period, the one or more 
objective formulae applied against the relevant Performance Goal to 
determine, with regard to the Performance Compensation Award of a 
particular Participant, whether all, some portion but less than all, or 
none of the Performance Compensation Award has been earned for the 
Performance Period.

(kk) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more 
goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon 
the Performance Criteria.

(ll) Performance Period means the one or more periods of time of not less 
than 12 months, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of 
one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of 
determining a Participants right to, and the payment of, a Performance 
Compensation Award.

(mm) Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of 
Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act).

(nn) Plan means this Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive 
Plan, as it may be amended and restated from time to time.

(oo) Qualifying Director means a person who is (i) with respect to 
actions intended to obtain an exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange 
Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, a non-employee 
director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act; and (ii) 
with respect to actions intended to obtain the exception for 
performance-based compensation under 162(m) of the Code, an outside 
director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.

(pp) Restricted Period means the period of time determined by the 
Committee during which an Award is subject to restrictions, including 
vesting conditions.

(qq) Restricted Stock means Common Stock, subject to certain specified 
restrictions (which may include, without limitation, a requirement that the 
Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for 
a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of the Plan.

(rr) Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded and unsecured promise to 
deliver shares of Common Stock, cash, other securities or other property, 
subject to certain restrictions (which may include, without limitation, a 
requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide 
continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 
9 of the Plan.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ss) SAR Period has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(c) of the 
Plan.

(tt) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any 
successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of (or rule 
promulgated under) the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, 
regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section or rule, 
and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, 
regulations or guidance.

(uu) Service Recipient means, with respect to a Participant holding a 
given Award, the member of the Company Group by which the original 
recipient of such Award is, or following a Termination was most recently, 
principally employed or to which such original recipient provides, or 
following a Termination was most recently providing, services, as 
applicable.

(vv) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under 
Section 8 of the Plan.

(ww) Strike Price has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(b) of 
the Plan.

(xx) Subsidiary means, with respect to any specified Person:

(i) any corporation, association or other business entity of which more 
than 50% of the total voting power of shares of such entitys voting 
securities (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after 
giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that 
effectively transfers voting power) is at the time owned or controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other 
Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof); and

(ii) any partnership, limited liability company or any comparable foreign 
entity (A) the sole general partner (or functional equivalent thereof) or 
the managing general partner (or functional equivalent thereof) of which is 
such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (B) the only general partners 
(or functional equivalents thereof) of which are that Person or one or more 
Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof).

(yy) Substitute Award has the meaning given to such term in Section 5(e) 
of the Plan.

(zz) Sub-Plans means any sub-plan to the Plan that has been adopted by 
the Board or the Committee for the purpose of permitting the offering of 
Awards to employees of certain Designated Foreign Subsidiaries or otherwise 
outside the United States of America, with each such sub-plan designed to 
comply with local laws applicable to offerings in such foreign 
jurisdictions. Although any Sub-Plan may be designated a separate and 
independent plan from the Plan in order to comply with applicable local 
laws, the Absolute Share Limit and the other limits specified in Section 
5(b) shall apply in the aggregate to the Plan and any Sub-Plan adopted 
hereunder.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(aaa) Termination means the termination of a Participants employment or 
service, as applicable, with the Service Recipient for any reason 
(including death or Disability).

3. Effective Date; Duration. The Plan shall be effective as of the 
Effective Date. The expiration date of the Plan, on and after which date no 
Awards may be granted hereunder, shall be the tenth (10th) anniversary of 
the Effective Date; provided, however, that such expiration shall not 
affect Awards then outstanding, and the terms and conditions of the Plan 
shall continue to apply to such Awards.

4. Administration.

(a) The Committee shall administer the Plan. To the extent required to 
comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act 
(if the Board is not acting as the Committee under the Plan) or necessary 
to obtain the exception for performance-based compensation under Section 
162(m) of the Code, as applicable, it is intended that each member of the 
Committee shall, at the time such member takes any action with respect to 
an Award under the Plan that is intended to qualify for the exemptions 
provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, as 
applicable, be a Qualifying Director. However, the fact that a Committee 
member shall fail to qualify as a Qualifying Director shall not invalidate 
any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under 
the Plan.

(b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and applicable law, the Committee 
shall have the sole and plenary authority, in addition to other express 
powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by the Plan, to (i) 
designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be 
granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number of shares of Common 
Stock to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other 
matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the 
terms and conditions of any Award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, 
and under what circumstances Awards may be settled in, or exercised for, 
cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or other 
property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by 
which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; 
(vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the 
delivery of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or 
other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be 
deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of 
the Committee; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, 
correct any defect in and/or supply any omission in the Plan and any 
instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under, the Plan; 
(viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and 
appoint such agents as the Committee shall deem appropriate for the proper 
administration of the Plan; (ix) adopt Sub-Plans; and (x) make any other 
determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary 
or desirable for the administration of the Plan.

(c) Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable 
rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation 
system on which the securities
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Company are listed or traded, the Committee may allocate all or any 
portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its 
members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers 
to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation 
may be revoked by the Committee at any time. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the Committee may delegate to one or more 
officers of any member of the Company Group, the authority to act on behalf 
of the Committee with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election 
which is the responsibility of, or which is allocated to, the Committee 
herein, and which may be so delegated as a matter of law, except with 
respect to grants of Awards to persons (i) who are subject to Section 16 of 
the Exchange Act; or (ii) who are, or could reasonably be expected to be, 
covered employees for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

(d) Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, 
determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect 
to the Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement shall be within the sole 
discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, 
conclusive and binding upon all Persons, including, without limitation, any 
member of the Company Group, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of 
any Award, and any stockholder of the Company.

(e) No member of the Board, the Committee or any employee or agent of any 
member of the Company Group (each such Person, an Indemnifiable Person) 
shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any 
determination made with respect to the Plan or any Award hereunder (unless 
constituting fraud or a willful criminal act or omission). Each 
Indemnifiable Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company 
against and from any loss, cost, liability, or expense (including 
attorneys fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable 
Person in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding 
to which such Indemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such 
Indemnifiable Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or 
omitted to be taken or determination made with respect to the Plan or any 
Award hereunder and against and from any and all amounts paid by such 
Indemnifiable Person with the Companys approval, in settlement thereof, or 
paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any 
such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, and the 
Company shall advance to such Indemnifiable Person any such expenses 
promptly upon written request (which request shall include an undertaking 
by the Indemnifiable Person to repay the amount of such advance if it shall 
ultimately be determined, as provided below, that the Indemnifiable Person 
is not entitled to be indemnified); provided, that the Company shall have 
the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit 
or proceeding and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the 
defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel 
of the Companys choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not 
be available to an Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment 
or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) 
binding upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts, omissions 
or determinations of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the 
indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Persons fraud or 
willful criminal act or omission or that such right of indemnification is 
otherwise prohibited by law or by the organizational documents of any 
member of the Company Group. The foregoing right of indemnification shall 
not be exclusive of or otherwise supersede any other rights of 
indemnification to which such Indemnifiable Persons may be entitled under 
the organizational
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
documents of any member of the Company Group, as a matter of law, under an 
individual indemnification agreement or contract or otherwise, or any other 
power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or 
hold such Indemnifiable Persons harmless.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, the 
Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, grant 
Awards and administer the Plan with respect to such Awards. Any such 
actions by the Board shall be subject to the applicable rules of the 
securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common 
Stock is listed or quoted. In any such case, the Board shall have all the 
authority granted to the Committee under the Plan.

5. Grant of Awards; Shares Subject to the Plan; Limitations.

(a) The Committee may, from time to time, grant Awards to one or more 
Eligible Persons.

(b) Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following 
limitations: (i) subject to Section 12 of the Plan, no more than 8,000,000 
shares of Common Stock (the Absolute Share Limit) shall be available for 
Awards under the Plan; (ii) subject to Section 12 of the Plan, grants of 
Options or SARs under the Plan in respect of no more than 1,500,000 shares 
of Common Stock may be made to any individual Participant during any single 
fiscal year of the Company (for this purpose, if a SAR is granted in tandem 
with an Option (such that the SAR expires with respect to the number of 
shares of Common Stock for which the Option is exercised), only the shares 
underlying the Option shall count against this limitation); (iii) subject 
to Section 12 of the Plan, no more than the number of shares of Common 
Stock equal to the Absolute Share Limit may be issued in the aggregate 
pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan; 
(iv) subject to Section 12 of the Plan, no more than 1,500,000 shares of 
Common Stock may be issued in respect of Performance Compensation Awards 
denominated in shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 11 of the 
Plan to any individual Participant for a single fiscal year during a 
Performance Period (or with respect to each single fiscal year in the event 
a Performance Period extends beyond a single fiscal year), or in the event 
such share-denominated Performance Compensation Award is paid in cash, 
other securities, other Awards or other property, no more than the Fair 
Market Value of such shares of Common Stock on the last day of the 
Performance Period to which such Award relates; (v) the maximum amount that 
can be paid to any individual Participant for a single fiscal year during a 
Performance Period (or with respect to each single fiscal year in the event 
a Performance Period extends beyond a single fiscal year) pursuant to a 
Performance Compensation Award denominated in cash (described in Section 
11(a) of the Plan) shall be $10,000,000; and (vi) no more than 400,000 
shares of Common Stock may be granted pursuant to Awards which do not 
satisfy the Minimum Vesting Condition (the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit
).

(c) Other than with respect to Substitute Awards, to the extent that an 
Award expires or is canceled, forfeited or terminated without issuance to 
the Participant of the full number of shares of Common Stock to which the 
Award related, the unissued shares will again be available for grant under 
the Plan. Shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued in 
settlement of Awards if the Fair Market Value equivalent of such shares is 
paid in cash; provided, however, that no shares shall be deemed to have 
been issued in settlement of a
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SAR or Restricted Stock Unit that only provides for settlement in cash and 
settles only in cash or in respect of any Other Cash-Based Award. In no 
event shall (i) shares tendered or withheld on the exercise of Options or 
other Award for the payment of the exercise or purchase price or 
withholding taxes, (ii) shares not issued upon the settlement of a SAR that 
settles in shares of Common Stock (or could settle in shares of Common 
Stock), or (iii) shares purchased on the open market with cash proceeds 
from the exercise of Options, again become available for other Awards under 
the Plan.

(d) Shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in settlement of Awards 
may be authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of the 
Company, shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase or a 
combination of the foregoing.

(e) Awards may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be granted under 
the Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards 
previously granted by an entity directly or indirectly acquired by the 
Company or with which the Company combines (Substitute Awards). 
Substitute Awards shall not be counted against the Absolute Share Limit or 
the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit; provided, that Substitute Awards 
issued in connection with the assumption of, or in substitution for, 
outstanding options intended to qualify as incentive stock options within 
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code shall be counted against the 
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards of 
Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Subject to applicable stock 
exchange requirements, available shares under a stockholder-approved plan 
of an entity directly or indirectly acquired by the Company or with which 
the Company combines (as appropriately adjusted to reflect the acquisition 
or combination transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall 
not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance 
under the Plan. Shares of Common Stock subject to Awards granted to 
Participants in connection with the adoption of the Plan or in substitution 
for awards of Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. shall not be counted against 
the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit.

6. Eligibility. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to Eligible 
Persons.

7. Options.

(a) General. Each Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement, which agreement need not be the same for each Participant. 
Each Option so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this 
Section 7, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as 
may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted 
under the Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options unless the applicable 
Award Agreement expressly states that the Option is intended to be an 
Incentive Stock Option. Incentive Stock Options shall be granted only to 
Eligible Persons who are employees of a member of the Company Group, and no 
Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any Eligible Person who is 
ineligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option under the Code. No Option 
shall be treated as an Incentive Stock Option unless the Plan has been 
approved by the stockholders of the Company in a manner intended to comply 
with the stockholder approval requirements of Section 422(b)(1) of the 
Code, provided that any Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option 
shall not fail to be effective solely on account of a failure to obtain 
such approval, but rather such Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified 
Stock Option unless and until such
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
approval is obtained. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms 
and conditions of such grant shall be subject to, and comply with, such 
rules as may be prescribed by Section 422 of the Code. If for any reason an 
Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) 
shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such 
nonqualification, such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a 
Nonqualified Stock Option appropriately granted under the Plan.

(b) Exercise Price. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee in the 
case of Substitute Awards, the exercise price (Exercise Price) per share 
of Common Stock for each Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair 
Market Value of such share (determined as of the Date of Grant); provided, 
however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an 
employee who, at the time of the grant of such Option, owns stock 
representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of 
any member of the Company Group, the Exercise Price per share shall be no 
less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per share on the Date of Grant.

(c) Vesting and Expiration; Termination.

(i) Options shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such 
date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Committee. 
Grants of Options that are settled in shares of Common Stock shall comply 
with the Minimum Vesting Condition; provided that the Minimum Vesting 
Condition need not be applied to such grants that, when taken together with 
other Awards not subject to the Minimum Vesting Condition, comprise Awards 
with respect to a number of shares of Common Stock that does not exceed, in 
the aggregate, the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit. Options shall expire 
upon a date determined by the Committee, not to exceed ten (10) years from 
the Date of Grant (the Option Period). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 
no event shall the Option Period exceed five (5) years from the Date of 
Grant in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who 
on the Date of Grant owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting 
power of all classes of stock of any member of the Company Group.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of (A) a Participants Termination by 
the Service Recipient other than for Cause; or (B) a Participants 
Termination by the Service Recipient due to death or Disability, in each 
case within 12 months following a Change in Control, each outstanding 
Option granted to such Participant shall become fully vested and 
immediately exercisable as of the date of such Termination; provided, that 
in the event the vesting or exercisability of any Option would otherwise be 
subject to the achievement of performance conditions, the portion of any 
such Option that shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable 
shall be based on (x) actual performance through the date of Termination as 
determined by the Committee, or (y) if the Committee determines that 
measurement of actual performance cannot be reasonably assessed, the 
assumed achievement of target performance as determined by the Committee, 
in each case prorated based on the time elapsed from the date of grant to 
the date of Termination.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of (A) a Participants Termination by 
the Service Recipient for Cause, all outstanding Options granted to such 
Participant shall immediately terminate and expire; (B) a Participants 
Termination due to death or Disability, after taking into account any 
accelerated vesting under the above clause (ii), each outstanding unvested 
Option granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, 
and each outstanding vested Option shall remain exercisable for one (1) 
year thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the Option 
Period); and (C) a Participants Termination for any other reason each 
outstanding unvested Option granted to such Participant shall immediately 
terminate and expire, and each outstanding vested Option shall remain 
exercisable for ninety (90) days thereafter (but in no event beyond the 
expiration of the Option Period).

(d) Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No shares of Common Stock shall 
be issued pursuant to any exercise of an Option until payment in full of 
the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant 
has paid to the Company an amount equal to any Federal, state, local and 
non-U.S. income, employment and any other applicable taxes required to be 
withheld. Options which have become exercisable may be exercised by 
delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company (or 
telephonic instructions to the extent provided by the Committee) in 
accordance with the terms of the Option accompanied by payment of the 
Exercise Price. The Exercise Price shall be payable: (i) in cash, check, 
cash equivalent and/or shares of Common Stock valued at the Fair Market 
Value at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to 
procedures approved by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership 
of a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock in lieu of actual issuance 
of such shares to the Company); provided, that such shares of Common Stock 
are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and have been held 
by the Participant for any period of time as established from time to time 
by the Committee in order to avoid adverse accounting treatment applying 
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP); or (ii) by such other 
method as the Committee may permit, in its sole discretion, including, 
without limitation (A) in other property having a fair market value on the 
date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price; (B) if there is a public 
market for the shares of Common Stock at such time, by means of a 
broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is 
delivered (including telephonically to the extent permitted by the 
Committee) a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the 
shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the Option 
and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Exercise 
Price; or (C) a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the 
minimum number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable in respect of 
an Option that are needed to pay the Exercise Price. Any fractional shares 
of Common Stock shall be settled in cash.

(e) Notification upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock 
Option. Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option under the Plan 
shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date the 
Participant makes a disqualifying disposition of any Common Stock acquired 
pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying 
disposition is any disposition (including, without limitation, any sale) of 
such Common Stock before the later of (i) the date that is two (2) years 
after the Date of Grant of the Incentive Stock Option, or (ii) the date 
that is one (1) year after the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock 
Option. The Company may, if determined by the Committee and in accordance
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with procedures established by the Committee, retain possession, as agent 
for the applicable Participant, of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to 
the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option until the end of the period 
described in the preceding sentence, subject to complying with any 
instructions from such Participant as to the sale of such Common Stock.

(f) Compliance With Laws, etc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event 
shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner which 
the Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as 
it may be amended from time to time, or any other applicable law or the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or 
inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are 
listed or traded.

8. Stock Appreciation Rights.

(a) General. Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award 
Agreement. Each SAR so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth 
in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the 
Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Any Option 
granted under the Plan may include tandem SARs. The Committee also may 
award SARs to Eligible Persons independent of any Option.

(b) Strike Price. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee in the case 
of Substitute Awards, the strike price (Strike Price) per share of Common 
Stock for each SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of 
such share (determined as of the Date of Grant). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a SAR granted in tandem with (or in substitution for) an Option 
previously granted shall have a Strike Price equal to the Exercise Price of 
the corresponding Option.

(c) Vesting and Expiration; Termination.

(i) A SAR granted in connection with an Option shall become exercisable and 
shall expire according to the same vesting schedule and expiration 
provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR granted independent of an 
Option shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such date or 
dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Committee. Grants 
of SARs that are settled in shares of Common Stock shall comply with the 
Minimum Vesting Condition; provided that the Minimum Vesting Condition need 
not be applied to such grants that, when taken together with other Awards 
not subject to the Minimum Vesting Condition, comprise Awards with respect 
to a number of shares of Common Stock that does not exceed, in the 
aggregate, the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit. SARs shall expire upon a 
date determined by the Committee, not to exceed ten (10) years from the 
Date of Grant (the SAR Period).

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of (A) a Participants Termination by 
the Service Recipient other than for Cause; or (B) a Participants 
Termination by the Service Recipient due to death or Disability, in each 
case within 12 months following a Change in Control, outstanding SARs 
granted to such Participant shall become fully vested and immediately 
exercisable as of the date of such Termination; provided, that in the event
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the vesting or exercisability of any SARs would otherwise be subject to the 
achievement of performance conditions, the portion of any such SAR that 
shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable shall be based on (x) 
actual performance through the date of termination as determined by the 
Committee, or (y) if the Committee determines that measurement of actual 
performance cannot be reasonably assessed, the assumed achievement of 
target performance as determined by the Committee, in each case prorated 
based on the time elapsed from the date of grant to the date of 
Termination.

(iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of (A) a Participants Termination by 
the Service Recipient for Cause, all outstanding SARs granted to such 
Participant shall immediately terminate and expire; (B) a Participants 
Termination due to death or Disability, after taking into account any 
accelerated vesting under the above clause (ii), each outstanding unvested 
SAR granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and 
each outstanding vested SAR shall remain exercisable for one (1) year 
thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the SAR Period); and 
(C) a Participants Termination for any other reason, each outstanding 
unvested SAR granted to such Participant shall immediately terminate and 
expire, and each outstanding vested SAR shall remain exercisable for ninety 
(90) days thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the SAR 
Period).

(d) Method of Exercise. SARs which have become exercisable may be exercised 
by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in 
accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be 
exercised and the date on which such SARs were awarded.

(e) Payment. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the 
Participant an amount equal to the number of shares subject to the SAR that 
is being exercised multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value of one 
(1) share of Common Stock on the exercise date over the Strike Price, less 
an amount equal to any Federal, state, local and non-U.S. income, 
employment and any other applicable taxes required to be withheld. The 
Company shall pay such amount in cash, in shares of Common Stock valued at 
Fair Market Value, or any combination thereof, as determined by the 
Committee. Any fractional shares of Common Stock shall be settled in cash.

9. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.

(a) General. Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Restricted Stock and 
Restricted Stock Unit so granted shall be subject to the conditions set 
forth in this Section 9, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with 
the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement.

(b) Stock Certificates and Book-Entry; Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Upon 
the grant of Restricted Stock, the Committee shall cause a stock 
certificate registered in the name of the Participant to be issued or shall 
cause share(s) of Common Stock to be registered in the name of the 
Participant and held in book-entry form subject to the Companys directions 
and, if the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock shall be held by 
the Company or in escrow
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
rather than issued to the Participant pending the release of the applicable 
restrictions, the Committee may require the Participant to additionally 
execute and deliver to the Company (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to 
the Committee, if applicable; and (ii) the appropriate stock power 
(endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such 
agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute and deliver (in a manner 
permitted under Section 14(a) of the Plan or as otherwise determined by the 
Committee) an agreement evidencing an Award of Restricted Stock and, if 
applicable, an escrow agreement and blank stock power within the amount of 
time specified by the Committee, the Award shall be null and void. Subject 
to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9 and the applicable Award 
Agreement, a Participant generally shall have the rights and privileges of 
a stockholder as to shares of Restricted Stock, including, without 
limitation, the right to vote such Restricted Stock; provided, that if the 
lapsing of restrictions with respect to any grant of Restricted Stock is 
contingent on satisfaction of performance conditions (other than, or in 
addition to, the passage of time), any dividends payable on such shares of 
Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company and delivered (without 
interest) to the Participant within fifteen (15) days following the date on 
which the restrictions on such Restricted Stock lapse (and the right to any 
such accumulated dividends shall be forfeited upon the forfeiture of the 
Restricted Stock to which such dividends relate). To the extent shares of 
Restricted Stock are forfeited, any stock certificates issued to the 
Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the Company, and 
all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a stockholder with 
respect thereto shall terminate without further obligation on the part of 
the Company. A Participant shall have no rights or privileges as a 
stockholder as to Restricted Stock Units.

(c) Vesting; Termination.

(i) Subject to the Minimum Vesting Condition, Restricted Stock and 
Restricted Stock Units shall vest, and any applicable Restricted Period 
shall lapse, in such manner and on such date or dates or upon such event or 
events as determined by the Committee. Grants of Restricted Stock and 
Restricted Stock Units that are settled in shares of Common Stock shall 
comply with the Minimum Vesting Condition; provided that the Minimum 
Vesting Condition need not be applied to such grants that, when taken 
together with other Awards not subject to the Minimum Vesting Condition, 
comprise Awards with respect to a number of shares of Common Stock that 
does not exceed, in the aggregate, the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of (A) a Participants Termination by 
the Company other than for Cause, or (B) a Participants Termination due to 
death or Disability, in each case within 12 months following a Change in 
Control, outstanding Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units granted to 
such Participant shall become fully vested and the restrictions thereon 
shall immediately lapse as of the date of such Termination; provided, that 
in the event the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any Restricted Stock 
or Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be subject to the achievement of 
performance conditions, the portion of any such Restricted Stock or 
Restricted Stock Units that shall become fully vested and free from such 
restrictions shall be based on (x) actual performance through the date of 
termination as determined by the Committee, or (y) if the Committee 
determines that measurement of actual performance cannot be reasonably 
assessed, the assumed achievement of target performance as determined by 
the Committee, in each case prorated based on the time elapsed from the 
date of grant to the date of Termination.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Issuance of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units.

(i) Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares 
of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such 
shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow 
arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall issue to the 
Participant, or the Participants beneficiary, without charge, the stock 
certificate (or, if applicable, a notice evidencing a book-entry notation) 
evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock which have not then been 
forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired 
(rounded down to the nearest full share). Dividends, if any, that may have 
been withheld by the Committee and attributable to any particular share of 
Restricted Stock shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or, in the 
sole discretion of the Committee, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair 
Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount of such 
dividends, upon the release of restrictions on such share and, if such 
share is forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividends.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement or 
otherwise, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any 
outstanding Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall issue to the 
Participant or the Participants beneficiary, without charge, one (1) share 
of Common Stock (or other securities or other property, as applicable) for 
each such outstanding Restricted Stock Unit; provided, however, that the 
Committee may, in its sole discretion, elect to (A) pay cash or part cash 
and part shares of Common Stock in lieu of issuing only shares of Common 
Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units; or (B) defer the issuance 
of shares of Common Stock (or cash or part cash and part shares of Common 
Stock, as the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period 
if such extension would not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 
409A of the Code. If a cash payment is made in lieu of issuing shares of 
Common Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units, the amount of such 
payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value per share of the Common 
Stock as of the date on which the Restricted Period lapsed with respect to 
such Restricted Stock Units. Except as otherwise provided in an Award 
Agreement or by the Committee, in its sole discretion, upon the payment by 
the Company of dividends on shares of Common Stock, the holder of 
outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall be entitled to be credited with 
dividend equivalent payments in cash (unless, the Committee, in its sole 
discretion, elects to credit such payments in shares of Common Stock having 
a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such dividend), which payments 
shall be made to the holder on a current basis within fifteen (15) days 
following the date on which the corresponding dividend is paid to the 
Companys stockholders; provided, that if the lapsing of restrictions with 
respect to any grant of Restricted Stock Units is contingent on 
satisfaction of performance conditions (other than, or in addition to, the 
passage of time), any dividend equivalents payable on such Restricted Stock 
Units shall be held by the Company and shall be payable (without interest) 
at the same time as the underlying Restricted Stock Units are settled 
following the date on which the Restricted Period lapses with respect to 
such Restricted Stock Units, and, if such Restricted Stock Units are 
forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividend equivalent 
payments.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Legends on Restricted Stock. Each certificate, if any, or book entry 
representing Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan, if any, shall bear a 
legend or book entry notation substantially in the form of the following, 
in addition to any other information the Company deems appropriate, until 
the lapse of all restrictions with respect to such shares of Common Stock:

TRANSFER OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS 
RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC. 2017 
OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN AND A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT BETWEEN PARK 
HOTELS & RESORTS INC. AND PARTICIPANT. A COPY OF SUCH PLAN AND AWARD 
AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF PARK HOTELS & 
RESORTS INC.

10. Other Equity-Based Awards and Other Cash-Based Awards. The Committee 
may grant Other Equity-Based Awards and Other Cash-Based Awards under the 
Plan to Eligible Persons, alone or in tandem with other Awards, in such 
amounts and dependent on such conditions as the Committee shall from time 
to time in its sole discretion determine. Each Other Equity-Based Award 
granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, and each 
Other Cash-Based Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced in such 
form as the Committee may determine from time to time. Each Other 
Equity-Based Award or Other Cash-Based Award, as applicable, so granted 
shall be subject to such conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may 
be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement or other form evidencing 
such Award, including, without limitation, those set forth in Section 14(a) 
of the Plan. Grants of Other Equity-Based Awards that are settled in shares 
of Common Stock shall comply with the Minimum Vesting Condition; provided 
that the Minimum Vesting Condition need not be applied to such grants that, 
when taken together with other Awards not subject to the Minimum Vesting 
Condition, comprise Awards with respect to a number of shares of Common 
Stock that does not exceed the Minimum Vesting Condition Limit. Grants of 
Other Equity-Based Awards that are operating partnership or limited 
liability company units or profits interests or other equity interests in 
an operating partnership or limited liability company Subsidiary of the 
Company (a) may be granted for Service to such operating partnership or 
limited liability company Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary thereof) and (b) 
shall have the rights and features of which, if applicable, will be set 
forth in an operating partnership or limited liability company agreement 
and an applicable Award Agreement.

11. Performance Compensation Awards.

(a) General. The Committee shall have the authority, at or before the time 
of grant of any Award, to designate such Award as a Performance 
Compensation Award intended to qualify as performance-based compensation 
under Section 162(m) of the Code. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to 
the contrary, if the Company determines that a Participant who has been 
granted an Award designated as a Performance Compensation Award is not (or 
is no longer) a covered employee (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of 
the
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Code), the terms and conditions of such Award may be modified without 
regard to any restrictions or limitations set forth in this Section 11 (but 
subject otherwise to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan).

(b) Discretion of Committee with Respect to Performance Compensation Awards
. With regard to a particular Performance Period, the Committee shall have 
sole discretion to select the length of such Performance Period, the 
type(s) of Performance Compensation Awards to be issued, the Performance 
Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s), the 
kind(s) and/or level(s) of the Performance Goal(s) that is (are) to apply 
and the Performance Formula(e). Within the first ninety (90) days of a 
Performance Period (or, within any other maximum period allowed under 
Section 162(m) of the Code), the Committee shall, with regard to the 
Performance Compensation Awards to be issued for such Performance Period, 
exercise its discretion with respect to each of the matters enumerated in 
the immediately preceding sentence and record the same in writing.

(c) Performance Criteria. The Performance Criteria that will be used to 
establish the Performance Goal(s) may be based on the attainment of 
specific levels of performance of the Company (and/or one or more members 
of the Company Group, divisions or operational and/or business units, 
product lines, brands, business segments, administrative departments, or 
any combination of the foregoing) and shall be limited to the following, 
which may be determined in accordance with GAAP or on a non-GAAP basis: (i) 
net earnings or net income (before or after taxes); (ii) basic or diluted 
earnings per share (before or after taxes); (iii) net revenue or net 
revenue growth; (iv) gross revenue or gross revenue growth, gross profit or 
gross profit growth; (v) net operating profit (before or after taxes); (vi) 
return measures (including, but not limited to, return on investment, 
assets, capital, employed capital, invested capital, equity, revenue or 
sales); (vii) cash flow measures (including, but not limited to, operating 
cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on equity, and cash flow return 
on investment), which may but are not required to be measured on a per 
share basis; (viii) total capital invested in assets; (ix) earnings before 
or after interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization (including EBIT, 
EBITDA and adjusted, core, or hotel EBITDA); (x) earnings as a percentage 
of average capital, earnings as a multiple of interest expense, or business 
unit economic earnings; (xi) funds from operations (as determined by NAREIT 
or otherwise), adjusted or core funds from operations, funds available for 
distribution, adjusted or core funds available for distribution, cash 
available for distribution, or adjusted or core cash available for 
distribution; (xii) asset acquisition or disposition volume; (xiii) gross 
or net operating margins (including EBITDA and adjusted, core, or hotel 
EBITDA margins); (xiv) productivity ratios; (xv) share price (including, 
but not limited to, growth measures and total stockholder return); (xvi) 
expense targets or cost reduction goals, general and administrative expense 
savings; (xvii) operating efficiency or productivity; (xviii) objective 
measures of customer satisfaction; (xix) working capital targets; (xx) 
measures of economic value added or other value creation metrics; (xxi) 
enterprise value; (xxii) sales; (xxiii) stockholder return; (xxiv) 
competitive market metrics; (xxv) employee retention; (xxvi) timely opening 
of new facilities; (xxvii) hotel occupancy rates; (xxviii) objective 
measures of personal targets, goals or completion of projects (including 
but not limited to succession and hiring projects, completion of specific 
acquisitions, dispositions, reorganizations or other corporate transactions 
or capital-raising transactions, expansions of specific business operations 
and meeting divisional or project budgets); (xxix) revenues; (xxx) revenues 
under management; (xxxi) comparisons of continuing operations to other 
operations; (xxxii) market share or
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
penetration; (xxxiii) cost of capital, debt leverage (including net debt to 
EBITDA or adjusted or core EBITDA), year-end cash position or book value; 
(xxxiv) strategic objectives; (xxxv) international operations; (xxxvi) 
capital expenditures; (xxxvii) RevPAR (revenue per available room); 
(xxxviii) RevPAR penetration ratios; (xxxix) financial ratios as provided 
in credit agreements of the Company and/or a member of the Company Group; 
or (xxxx) any combination of the foregoing. Any one or more of the 
Performance Criteria may be stated as a percentage of another Performance 
Criteria, or used on an absolute or relative basis to measure the 
performance of the Company and/or one or more members of the Company Group 
as a whole or any assets, divisions or operational and/or business units, 
product lines, brands, business segments or administrative departments of 
the Company and/or one or more members of the Company Group or any 
combination thereof, as the Committee may deem appropriate, or any of the 
above Performance Criteria may be compared to the performance of a selected 
group of comparison companies, or a published or special index that the 
Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, or as compared to 
various stock market indices. Without limiting the foregoing, any one or 
more of the Performance Criteria may also be calculated on a same store, 
per share or relative-to-peers basis. The Committee also has the authority 
to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of 
Performance Goals pursuant to the Performance Criteria specified in this 
paragraph. To the extent required under Section 162(m) of the Code, the 
Committee shall, within the first ninety (90) days of a Performance Period 
(or, within any other maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the 
Code), define in an objective fashion the manner of calculating the 
Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period.

(d) Modification of Performance Goal(s). In the event that applicable tax 
and/or securities laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the 
governing Performance Criteria without obtaining stockholder approval of 
such alterations, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make such 
alterations without obtaining stockholder approval. Unless otherwise 
determined by the Committee at the time a Performance Compensation Award is 
granted, the Committee shall, during the first ninety (90) days of a 
Performance Period (or, within any other maximum period allowed under 
Section 162(m) of the Code), or at any time thereafter to the extent the 
exercise of such authority at such time would not cause the Performance 
Compensation Awards granted to any Participant for such Performance Period 
to fail to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) 
of the Code, specify adjustments or modifications to be made to the 
calculation of a Performance Goal for such Performance Period, based on and 
in order to appropriately reflect the following events: (i) asset 
write-downs; (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements; (iii) the 
effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or 
regulatory rules affecting reported results; (iv) any reorganization and 
restructuring programs; (v) acquisitions or divestitures; (vi) any other 
specific, unusual or nonrecurring events, or objectively determinable 
category thereof; (vii) foreign exchange gains and losses or fluctuation in 
currency exchange rates; (viii) discontinued operations and nonrecurring 
charges; (ix) a change in the Companys fiscal year; (x) accruals for 
payments to be made in respect of the Plan or other specific compensation 
arrangements; and (xi) any other event described in Section 12.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Payment of Performance Compensation Awards.

(i) Condition to Receipt of Payment. Unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Award Agreement or otherwise determined by the Committee, a 
Participant must be employed by the Company on the last day of a 
Performance Period to be eligible for payment in respect of a Performance 
Compensation Award for such Performance Period.

(ii) Limitation. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award 
Agreement or otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant shall be 
eligible to receive payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award 
only to the extent that (A) the Performance Goals for such period are 
achieved, and (B) all or some portion of such Participants Performance 
Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period based on the 
application of the Performance Formula to such achieved Performance Goals; 
provided, however, that in the event of (x) a Participants Termination by 
the Company other than for Cause, or (y) a Participants Termination due to 
death or Disability, in each case, within twelve (12) months following a 
Change in Control, the Participant shall receive payment in respect of a 
Performance Compensation Award based on (1) actual performance through the 
date of Termination as determined by the Committee, or (2) if the Committee 
determines that measurement of actual performance cannot be reasonably 
assessed, the assumed achievement of target performance as determined by 
the Committee (but not to the extent that application of this clause (2) 
would cause Section 162(m) of the Code to result in the loss of the 
deduction of the compensation payable in respect of such Performance 
Compensation Award for any Participant reasonably expected to be a covered 
employee within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code), in each case, 
prorated based on the time elapsed from the Date of Grant to the date of 
Termination.

(iii) Certification. Following the completion of a Performance Period, the 
Committee shall review and certify in writing whether, and to what extent, 
the Performance Goals for the Performance Period have been achieved and, if 
so, calculate and certify in writing that amount of the Performance 
Compensation Awards earned for the period based upon the Performance 
Formula. The Committee shall then determine the amount of each 
Participants Performance Compensation Award actually payable for the 
Performance Period and, in so doing, may apply Negative Discretion.

(iv) Use of Negative Discretion. In determining the actual amount of an 
individual Participants Performance Compensation Award for a Performance 
Period, the Committee may reduce or eliminate the amount of such 
Performance Compensation Award earned under the Performance Formula in the 
Performance Period through the use of Negative Discretion. Unless otherwise 
provided in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise determined by the 
Committee, the Committee shall not have the discretion to (A) grant or 
provide payment in respect of Performance Compensation Awards for a 
Performance Period if the Performance Goals for such Performance Period 
have not been attained or (B) increase a Performance Compensation Award 
above the applicable limitations set forth in Section 5 of the Plan.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Timing of Award Payments. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable 
Award Agreement or otherwise determined by the Committee, Performance 
Compensation Awards granted for a Performance Period shall be paid to 
Participants as soon as administratively practicable following completion 
of the certifications required by this Section 11. Any Performance 
Compensation Award that has been deferred shall not (between the date as of 
which the Award is deferred and the payment date) increase (i) with respect 
to a Performance Compensation Award that is payable in cash, by a measuring 
factor for each fiscal year greater than a reasonable rate of interest set 
by the Committee; or (ii) with respect to a Performance Compensation Award 
that is payable in shares of Common Stock, by an amount greater than the 
appreciation of a share of Common Stock from the date such Award is 
deferred to the payment date. Any Performance Compensation Award that is 
deferred and is otherwise payable in shares of Common Stock shall be 
credited (during the period between the date as of which the Award is 
deferred and the payment date) with dividend equivalents (in a manner 
consistent with the methodology set forth in the last sentence of Section 
9(d)(ii) of the Plan).

12. Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. Notwithstanding any 
other provision in this Plan to the contrary, the following provisions 
shall apply to all Awards granted hereunder (other than Other Cash-Based 
Awards):

(a) General. In the event of (i) any dividend (other than regular cash 
dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of 
Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock 
split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, 
split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of 
shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of 
warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or other 
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event 
that affects the shares of Common Stock (including a Change in Control); or 
(ii) unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company, including 
changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements, 
that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, could result in 
substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights intended to be granted 
to, or available for, Participants (any event in (i) or (ii), an 
Adjustment Event), the Committee shall, in respect of any such Adjustment 
Event, make such proportionate substitution or adjustment, if any, as it 
deems equitable, to any or all of (A) the Absolute Share Limit, or any 
other limit applicable under the Plan with respect to the number of Awards 
which may be granted hereunder; (B) the number of shares of Common Stock or 
other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or 
other property) which may be issued in respect of Awards or with respect to 
which Awards may be granted under the Plan or any Sub-Plan; and (C) the 
terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (I) the 
number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or 
number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to 
outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate; (II) the Exercise 
Price or Strike Price with respect to any Award; or (III) any applicable 
performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Criteria 
and Performance Goals); provided, that in the case of any equity 
restructuring (within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards 
Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor 
pronouncement thereto)), the Committee shall make an equitable or 
proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such equity 
restructuring.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Adjustment Events. Without limiting the foregoing, except as may 
otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, in connection with any 
Adjustment Event, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide for 
any one or more of the following:

(i) substitution or assumption of Awards (or awards of an acquiring 
company), acceleration of the vesting of, exercisability of, lapse of 
restrictions on, or termination of, Awards, or establishment of a period of 
time (which shall not be required to be more than ten (10) days) for 
Participants to exercise outstanding Awards prior to the occurrence of such 
event (and any such Award not so exercised shall terminate upon the 
occurrence of such event);

(ii) cancellation of any one or more outstanding Awards and payment to the 
holders of such Awards that are vested as of such cancellation (including, 
without limitation, any Awards that would vest as a result of the 
occurrence of such event but for such cancellation or for which vesting is 
accelerated by the Committee in connection with such event pursuant to 
clause (i) above), the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the 
Committee (which value, if applicable, may be based upon the price per 
share of Common Stock received or to be received by other stockholders of 
the Company in such event), including, without limitation, in the case of 
an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the 
excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value (as of a date specified by the 
Committee) of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Option or SAR over 
the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price of such Option or SAR (it 
being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per share 
Exercise Price or Strike Price equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market 
Value of a share of Common Stock subject thereto may be canceled and 
terminated without any payment or consideration therefor), or, in the case 
of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Equity-Based Awards 
that are not vested as of such cancellation, a cash payment or equity 
subject to deferred vesting and delivery consistent with the vesting 
restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or 
Other Equity-Based Awards prior to cancellation, or the underlying shares 
in respect thereof; and

(iii) subject to any limitations or reductions as may be necessary to 
comply with Section 409A of the Code, conversion or replacement of any 
Award that is not vested as of the occurrence of such event into or with 
the right to receive a payment, based on the value of the Award (as 
determined consistent with clause (ii) above), which is subject to 
continued vesting on the same basis as the vesting requirements applicable 
to such converted or replaced Award.

Payments to holders pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) above shall be made 
in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in the form of such 
other consideration necessary for a Participant to receive property, cash, 
or securities (or combination thereof) as such Participant would have been 
entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the transaction if the 
Participant had been, immediately prior to such transaction, the holder of 
the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award at such time 
(less any applicable Exercise Price or Strike Price).

(c) Internal Reorganization. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, (i) no payments or benefits or acceleration of payments, 
benefits or vesting will become
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
payable or accelerated, as applicable, hereunder or under any Award 
Agreement or be triggered for any purpose in the event of any internal 
reorganization (whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, 
combination, contribution, distribution, asset transfer or otherwise) or 
restructuring involving the Company or any of its Affiliates, including any 
such reorganization or restructuring pursuant to a merger or other 
combination involving the Company in which an Affiliate of the Company 
survives or succeeds as a publicly-traded entity (including, without 
limitation, by virtue of a triangular merger structure) and/or any such 
reorganization or restructuring undertaken in connection with 
implementation of an umbrella partnership REIT or downREIT structure (an 
Internal Reorganization), (ii) in connection with any Internal 
Reorganization, the Committee shall have the authority to transfer and 
assign the Plan and all related agreements, including Award Agreements, to 
a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company as part of such Internal 
Reorganization, subject to compliance with applicable law, and (iii) if any 
Internal Reorganization results in a transfer of a Participants service 
from the Company to one of its direct or indirect subsidiaries, such a 
transfer shall not be considered or interpreted as a termination of 
employment or separation from service under any other similar provision 
that addresses an involuntary termination of employment or service.

(d) Other Requirements. Prior to any payment or adjustment contemplated 
under this Section 12, the Committee may require a Participant to (i) 
represent and warrant as to the unencumbered title to the Participants 
Awards; (ii) bear such Participants pro rata share of any post-closing 
indemnity obligations, and be subject to the same post-closing purchase 
price adjustments, escrow terms, offset rights, holdback terms, and similar 
conditions as the other holders of Common Stock, subject to any limitations 
or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code; 
and (iii) deliver customary transfer documentation as reasonably determined 
by the Committee.

(e) Fractional Shares. Any adjustment provided under this Section 12 may 
provide for the elimination of any fractional share that might otherwise 
become subject to an Award.

(f) Binding Effect. Any adjustment, substitution, determination of value or 
other action taken by the Committee under this Section 12 shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes.

13. Amendments and Termination.

(a) Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend, alter, 
suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any 
time; provided, that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuance or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if 
(i) such approval is necessary to comply with any regulatory requirement 
applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary to 
comply with any rules or regulations of any securities exchange or 
inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company may be 
listed or quoted) or for changes in GAAP to new accounting standards; (ii) 
it would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued 
under the Plan (except for increases pursuant to Section 5 or 12 of the 
Plan); or (iii) it would materially modify the requirements for 
participation in the Plan; provided, further, that any such amendment, 
alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially 
and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or 
beneficiary of any
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the 
consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, no amendment shall be made to the last proviso of Section 
13(b) of the Plan without stockholder approval.

(b) Amendment of Award Agreements. The Committee may, to the extent 
consistent with the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, 
waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, 
suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or 
the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including 
after a Participants Termination); provided, that, other than pursuant to 
Section 12, any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and 
adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to any Award 
theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the 
consent of the affected Participant; provided, further, that in no event 
shall any such amendment alter the Minimum Vesting Condition.

(c) No Repricing. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, 
without stockholder approval, except as otherwise permitted under Section 
12 of the Plan, (i) no amendment or modification may reduce the Exercise 
Price of any Option or the Strike Price of any SAR; (ii) the Committee may 
not cancel any outstanding Option or SAR and replace it with a new Option 
or SAR (with a lower Exercise Price or Strike Price, as the case may be) or 
other Award or cash payment that is greater than the intrinsic value (if 
any) of the cancelled Option or SAR; and (iii) the Committee may not take 
any other action which is considered a repricing for purposes of the 
stockholder approval rules of any securities exchange or inter-dealer 
quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or 
quoted.

14. General.

(a) Award Agreements. Each Award (other than an Other Cash-Based Award) 
under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be 
delivered to the Participant to whom such Award was granted and shall 
specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable 
thereto, including, without limitation, the effect on such Award of the 
death, Disability or Termination of a Participant, or of such other events 
as may be determined by the Committee. For purposes of the Plan, an Award 
Agreement may be in any such form (written or electronic) as determined by 
the Committee (including, without limitation, a Board or Committee 
resolution, an employment agreement, a notice, a certificate or a letter) 
evidencing the Award. The Committee need not require an Award Agreement to 
be signed by the Participant or a duly authorized representative of the 
Company or a Subsidiary.

(b) Nontransferability. Each Award shall be exercisable only by such 
Participant to whom such Award was granted during the Participants 
lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participants 
legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned, alienated, 
pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a 
Participant (unless such transfer is specifically required pursuant to a 
domestic relations order or by applicable law) other than by will or by the 
laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, 
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void 
and unenforceable against any member of the Company Group; provided, that 
the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, 
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. The Committee may, in its sole 
discretion, provide a Participant as part of an Award with dividends, 
dividend equivalents, or similar payments in respect of Awards, payable in 
cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or other 
property, on a current or deferred basis, on such terms and conditions as 
may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, including, 
without limitation, payment directly to the Participant, withholding of 
such amounts by the Company subject to vesting of the Award or reinvestment 
in additional shares of Common Stock, Restricted Stock or other Awards; 
provided, that no dividends, dividend equivalents or other similar payments 
shall be payable in respect of outstanding (i) Options or SARs; or (ii) 
unearned Performance Compensation Awards or other unearned Awards subject 
to performance conditions (other than, or in addition to, the passage of 
time) (although dividends, dividend equivalents or other similar payments 
may be accumulated in respect of unearned Awards and paid within fifteen 
(15) days after such Awards are earned and become payable or 
distributable).

(d) Tax Withholding.

(i) A Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or one or more of 
its Subsidiaries, as applicable, an amount in cash (by check or wire 
transfer) equal to the aggregate amount of any income, employment and/or 
other applicable taxes that are statutorily required to be withheld in 
respect of an Award. Alternatively, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
may elect, in its sole discretion, to satisfy this requirement by 
withholding such amount from any cash compensation or other cash amounts 
owing to a Participant.

(ii) Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may (but is not 
obligated to), in its sole discretion, permit or require a Participant to 
satisfy, all or any portion of the minimum income, employment and/or other 
applicable taxes that are statutorily required to be withheld with respect 
to an Award by (A) the delivery of shares of Common Stock (which are not 
subject to any pledge or other security interest) that have been both held 
by the Participant and vested for any period of time as established from 
time to time by the Committee in order to avoid adverse accounting 
treatment under GAAP) having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such 
minimum statutorily required withholding liability (or portion thereof); or 
(B) having the Company withhold from the shares of Common Stock otherwise 
issuable or deliverable to, or that would otherwise be retained by, the 
Participant upon the grant, exercise, vesting or settlement of the Award, 
as applicable, a number of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate Fair 
Market Value equal to an amount, subject to clause (iii) below, not in 
excess of such minimum statutorily required withholding liability (or 
portion thereof).

(iii) The Committee, subject to its having considered the applicable 
accounting impact of any such determination, has full discretion to allow 
Participants to satisfy, in whole or in part, any additional income, 
employment and/or other applicable taxes payable by them with respect to an 
Award by electing to have the Company withhold from the shares of Common 
Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable to, or that would
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
otherwise be retained by, a Participant upon the grant, exercise, vesting 
or settlement of the Award, as applicable, shares of Common Stock having an 
aggregate Fair Market Value that is greater than the applicable minimum 
required statutory withholding liability (but such withholding may in no 
event be in excess of the maximum statutory withholding amount(s) in a 
Participants relevant tax jurisdictions).

(e) Data Protection. By participating in the Plan or accepting any rights 
granted under it, each Participant consents to the collection and 
processing of personal data relating to the Participant so that the Company 
and its Affiliates can fulfill their obligations and exercise their rights 
under the Plan and generally administer and manage the Plan. This data will 
include, but may not be limited to, data about participation in the Plan 
and shares offered or received, purchased, or sold under the Plan from time 
to time and other appropriate financial and other data (such as the date on 
which the Awards were granted) about the Participant and the Participants 
participation in the Plan.

(f) No Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Employment; Waiver. No 
employee of any member of the Company Group, or other Person, shall have 
any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan or, having been 
selected for the grant of an Award, to be selected for a grant of any other 
Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants 
or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards 
and the Committees determinations and interpretations with respect thereto 
need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made 
selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are 
similarly situated. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall 
be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the 
employ or service of the Service Recipient or any other member of the 
Company Group, nor shall it be construed as giving any Participant any 
rights to continued service on the Board. The Service Recipient or any 
other member of the Company Group may at any time dismiss a Participant 
from employment or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any 
liability or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided 
in the Plan or any Award Agreement. By accepting an Award under the Plan, a 
Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived any claim to continued 
exercise or vesting of an Award or to damages or severance entitlement 
related to non-continuation of the Award beyond the period provided under 
the Plan or any Award Agreement, except to the extent of any provision to 
the contrary in any written employment contract or other agreement between 
the Service Recipient and/or any member of the Company Group and the 
Participant, whether any such agreement is executed before, on or after the 
Date of Grant.

(g) International Participants. With respect to Participants who reside or 
work outside of the United States of America and who are not (and who are 
not expected to be) covered employees within the meaning of Section 
162(m) of the Code, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, amend the 
terms of the Plan and create or amend Sub-Plans or amend outstanding Awards 
with respect to such Participants in order to conform such terms with the 
requirements of local law or to obtain more favorable tax or other 
treatment for a Participant or any member of the Company Group.

(h) Designation and Change of Beneficiary. Each Participant may file with 
the Committee a written designation of one or more Persons as the 
beneficiary(ies) who shall be
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
entitled to receive the amounts payable with respect to an Award, if any, 
due under the Plan upon the Participants death. A Participant may, from 
time to time, revoke or change the Participants beneficiary designation 
without the consent of any prior beneficiary by filing a new designation 
with the Committee. The last such designation received by the Committee 
shall be controlling; provided, however, that no designation, or change or 
revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Committee 
prior to the Participants death, and in no event shall it be effective as 
of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary designation is filed by 
a Participant, the beneficiary shall be deemed to be the Participants 
spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at the time of death, the 
Participants estate.

(i) Termination. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, unless 
determined otherwise by the Committee at any point following such event: 
(i) neither a temporary absence from employment or service due to illness, 
vacation or leave of absence (including, without limitation, a call to 
active duty for military service through a Reserve or National Guard unit) 
nor a transfer from employment or service with one Service Recipient to 
employment or service with another Service Recipient (or vice-versa) shall 
be considered a Termination; and (ii) if a Participant undergoes a 
Termination of employment, but such Participant continues to provide 
services to the Company Group in a non-employee capacity, such change in 
status shall not be considered a Termination for purposes of the Plan. 
Further, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, in the event that 
any Service Recipient ceases to be a member of the Company Group (by reason 
of sale, divestiture, spin-off or other similar transaction), unless a 
Participants employment or service is transferred to another entity that 
would constitute a Service Recipient immediately following such 
transaction, such Participant shall be deemed to have suffered a 
Termination hereunder as of the date of the consummation of such 
transaction.

(j) No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided 
in the Plan or any Award Agreement, no Person shall be entitled to the 
privileges of ownership in respect of shares of Common Stock which are 
subject to Awards hereunder until such shares have been issued or delivered 
to such Person.

(k) Government and Other Regulations.

(i) The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in shares of Common 
Stock or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, 
rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as 
may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to 
the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or 
to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any 
shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Award unless such shares have been 
properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an 
opinion of counsel (if the Company has requested such an opinion), 
satisfactory to the Company, that such shares may be offered or sold 
without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and 
the terms and conditions of such exemption have been fully complied with. 
The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the 
Securities Act any of the shares of Common Stock to be offered or sold 
under the Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to provide that all 
shares of Common Stock or other securities of
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any member of the Company Group issued under the Plan shall be subject to 
such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem 
advisable under the Plan, the applicable Award Agreement, the Federal 
securities laws, or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer 
quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or 
quoted and any other applicable Federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws, 
rules, regulations and other requirements, and, without limiting the 
generality of Section 9 of the Plan, the Committee may cause a legend or 
legends to be put on certificates representing shares of Common Stock or 
other securities of any member of the Company Group issued under the Plan 
to make appropriate reference to such restrictions or may cause such Common 
Stock or other securities of any member of the Company Group issued under 
the Plan in book-entry form to be held subject to the Companys 
instructions or subject to appropriate stop-transfer orders. 
Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee 
reserves the right to add any additional terms or provisions to any Award 
granted under the Plan that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems 
necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies with the legal 
requirements of any governmental entity to whose jurisdiction the Award is 
subject.

(ii) The Committee may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it 
determines, in its sole discretion, that legal or contractual restrictions 
and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Companys 
acquisition of shares of Common Stock from the public markets, the 
Companys issuance of Common Stock to the Participant, the Participants 
acquisition of Common Stock from the Company and/or the Participants sale 
of Common Stock to the public markets, illegal, impracticable or 
inadvisable. If the Committee determines to cancel all or any portion of an 
Award in accordance with the foregoing, the Company shall, subject to any 
limitations or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A 
of the Code, (A) pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of 
(I) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock subject 
to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the applicable 
exercise date, or the date that the shares would have been vested or 
issued, as applicable); over (II) the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike 
Price (in the case of an Option or SAR, respectively) or any amount payable 
as a condition of issuance of shares of Common Stock (in the case of any 
other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as 
practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof, or 
(B) in the case of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other 
Equity-Based Awards, provide the Participant with a cash payment or equity 
subject to deferred vesting and delivery consistent with the vesting 
restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or 
Other Equity-Based Awards, or the underlying shares in respect thereof.

(l) No Section 83(b) Elections Without Consent of Company. No election 
under Section 83(b) of the Code or under a similar provision of law may be 
made unless expressly permitted by the terms of the applicable Award 
Agreement or by action of the Committee in writing prior to the making of 
such election. If a Participant, in connection with the acquisition of 
shares of Common Stock under the Plan or otherwise, is expressly permitted 
to make such election and the Participant makes the election, the 
Participant shall notify the Company of such
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
election within ten (10) days of filing notice of the election with the 
Internal Revenue Service or other governmental authority, in addition to 
any filing and notification required pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code 
or other applicable provision.

(m) Payments to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Committee shall 
find that any Person to whom any amount is payable under the Plan is unable 
to care for the Participants affairs because of illness or accident, or is 
a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such Person or the 
Participants estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly 
appointed legal representative) may, if the Committee so directs the 
Company, be paid to the Participants spouse, child, relative, an 
institution maintaining or having custody of such Person, or any other 
Person deemed by the Committee to be a proper recipient on behalf of such 
Person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete 
discharge of the liability of the Committee and the Company therefor.

(n) Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the 
Board nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for 
approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the 
Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, 
including, without limitation, the granting of equity-based awards 
otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either 
applicable generally or only in specific cases.

(o) No Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create 
or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a 
fiduciary relationship between any member of the Company Group, on the one 
hand, and a Participant or other Person, on the other hand. No provision of 
the Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of 
satisfying any obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or place any 
assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or 
otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company be obligated to 
maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the 
existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for 
such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than 
as unsecured general creditors of the Company, except that insofar as they 
may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by 
performance of services, they shall have the same rights as other service 
providers under general law.

(p) Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of 
the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as the case 
may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in 
good faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent public 
accountant of any member of the Company Group and/or any other information 
furnished in connection with the Plan by any agent of the Company or the 
Committee or the Board, other than himself or herself.

(q) Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be 
taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, 
retirement, profit sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the 
Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan or as 
required by applicable law.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(r) Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to 
contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. EACH PARTICIPANT 
WHO ACCEPTS AN AWARD IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
SUIT, ACTION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY OR AGAINST SUCH PARTICIPANT 
IN RESPECT OF THE PARTICIPANTS RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.

(s) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award or Award 
Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any Person or Award, or would 
disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the 
Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform 
to the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended 
without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the 
intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be construed or 
deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, Person or Award and the remainder 
of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.

(t) Obligations Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under 
the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization 
resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the 
Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to 
substantially all of the assets and business of the Company (or as 
otherwise contemplated in connection with any Internal Reorganization).

(u) Section 409A of the Code.

(i) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, it is 
intended that the provisions of the Plan comply with Section 409A of the 
Code, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed and interpreted in 
a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties 
under Section 409A of the Code. Each Participant is solely responsible and 
liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed 
on or in respect of such Participant in connection with the Plan (including 
any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code), and neither the 
Service Recipient nor any other member of the Company Group shall have any 
obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold such Participant (or any 
beneficiary) harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. With 
respect to any Award that is considered deferred compensation subject to 
Section 409A of the Code, references in the Plan to termination of 
employment (and substantially similar phrases) shall mean separation from 
service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of 
Section 409A of the Code, each of the payments that may be made in respect 
of any Award granted under the Plan is designated as separate payments.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, if a Participant 
is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of 
the Code, no payments in respect of any Awards that are deferred 
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and which would otherwise 
be payable upon the Participants separation from service (as defined in 
Section 409A of the Code) shall be made to such Participant prior to the 
date that is six (6) months after the date of such Participants
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participants 
death. Following any applicable six (6) month delay, all such delayed 
payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted 
under Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day.

(iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement or 
otherwise, in the event that the timing of payments in respect of any Award 
(that would otherwise be considered deferred compensation subject to 
Section 409A of the Code) would be accelerated upon the occurrence of (A) a 
Change in Control, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless the event 
giving rise to the Change in Control satisfies the definition of a change 
in the ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation pursuant 
to Section 409A of the Code; or (B) a Disability, no such acceleration 
shall be permitted unless the Disability also satisfies the definition of 
Disability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.

(v) Clawback/Repayment. All Awards shall be subject to reduction, 
cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply 
with (i) any clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by the 
Board or the Committee and as in effect from time to time; and (ii) 
applicable law. Further, to the extent that the Participant receives any 
amount in excess of the amount that the Participant should otherwise have 
received under the terms of the Award for any reason (including, without 
limitation, by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations 
or other administrative error), the Participant shall be required to repay 
any such excess amount to the Company.

(w) Detrimental Activity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, if a Participant has engaged in any Detrimental Activity, 
as determined by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, 
provide for one or more of the following:

(i) cancellation of any or all of such Participants outstanding Awards; or

(ii) forfeiture by the Participant of any gain realized on the vesting or 
exercise of Awards, and to repay any such gain promptly to the Company.

(x) Right of Offset. The Company will have the right to offset against its 
obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock (or other property or cash) 
under the Plan or any Award Agreement any outstanding amounts (including, 
without limitation, travel and entertainment or advance account balances, 
loans, repayment obligations under any Awards, or amounts repayable to the 
Company pursuant to tax equalization, housing, automobile or other employee 
programs) that the Participant then owes to any member of the Company Group 
and any amounts the Committee otherwise deems appropriate pursuant to any 
tax equalization policy or agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an 
Award is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, the 
Committee will have no right to offset against its obligation to deliver 
shares of Common Stock (or other property or cash) under the Plan or any 
Award Agreement if such offset could subject the Participant to the 
additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code in respect of an 
outstanding Award.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(y) Expenses; Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering the Plan 
shall be borne by the Company Group. The titles and headings of the 
sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the 
event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or 
headings, shall control.
 
33