 EX-10 7 filename7.htm
Exhibit 10.17

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

CLINICAL TRIAL COLLABORATION AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT

This CLINICAL TRIAL COLLABORATION AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), 
made as of October 24, 2016 (the Effective Date), is by and between 
Athenex, Inc., also known as Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Athenex), a 
Delaware corporation having a place of business at 1001 Main Street, Suite 
600 Buffalo, New York, and Eli Lilly and Company, having a place of 
business at Lilly Corporate Center, Indianapolis, Indiana 46285 (Lilly 
Parent) and ImClone LLC, having a place of business at 450 East 29th 
Street 12th Floor, New York, NY 10016 (ImClone, and together with Lilly 
Parent, Lilly. Athenex and Lilly are each referred to herein individually 
as Party and collectively Parties.


RECITALS

A. Athenex is developing the Athenex Compound (as defined below) for the 
treatment of certain tumor types.

B. Lilly is developing the Lilly Compound (as defined below) for the 
treatment of certain tumor types.

C. Athenex desires to sponsor a clinical trial in which the Lilly Compound 
and the Athenex Compound would be dosed concurrently or in combination.

D. Athenex and Lilly, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, desire 
to collaborate as more fully described herein, including by providing the 
Athenex Compound and the Lilly Compound for the Study (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the following 
mutual promises, covenants and conditions, the Parties, intending to be 
legally bound, mutually agree as follows:
 
1. 	Definitions.

For all purposes of this Agreement, the capitalized terms defined in this 
Article 1 and throughout this Agreement shall have the meanings herein 
specified.

1.1 Adverse Event (AE) means any untoward medical occurrence in a patient 
or clinical investigation subject administered a pharmaceutical product and 
which does not necessarily have to have a causal relationship with this 
treatment. Also known as an Adverse Experience.

1.2 Affiliate means, with respect to either Party, a firm, corporation or 
other entity which directly or indirectly owns or controls said Party, or 
is owned or controlled by said Party, or is under common ownership or 
control with said Party. The word control means (i) the direct or 
indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting 
securities of a legal entity, or (ii) possession, directly or indirectly, 
of the power to direct the management or
 
1

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
policies of a legal entity, whether through the ownership of voting 
securities, contract rights, voting rights, corporate governance or 
otherwise.

1.3 Agreement means this agreement, as amended by the Parties from time 
to time, and as set forth in the preamble.

1.4 Applicable Law means all federal, state, local, national and regional 
statutes, laws, rules, regulations and directives applicable to a 
particular activity hereunder, including performance of clinical trials, 
medical treatment and the processing and protection of personal and medical 
data, that may be in effect from time to time, including those promulgated 
by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), national 
regulatory authorities, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and any 
successor agency to the FDA or EMA or any agency or authority performing 
some or all of the functions of the FDA or EMA in any jurisdiction outside 
the United States or the European Union (each a Regulatory Authority and 
collectively, Regulatory Authorities), and including without limitation 
cGMP and GCP (each as defined below); all data protection laws, 
regulations, and requirements, such as those specified in the EU Data 
Protection Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation, and the 
United States Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, 
as amended, and its associated regulations (HIPAA); export control and 
economic sanctions regulations which prohibit the shipment of United 
States-origin products and technology to certain restricted countries, 
entities and individuals; anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws pertaining 
to interactions with government agents, officials and representatives; laws 
and regulations governing payments to healthcare providers; and any United 
States or other countrys or jurisdictions successor or replacement 
statutes, laws, rules, regulations and directives relating to the 
foregoing.

1.5 Athenex has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

1.6 Athenex Compound means oraxol, a small molecule oral formulation of a 
taxane, paclitaxel, excluding however, any generic version of oraxol other 
than a generic version owned or controlled by Athenex or its Affiliate.

1.7 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any 
public holiday in the country where the applicable obligations are to be 
performed.

1.8 Calendar Quarter means a three-month period beginning on January, 
April, July or October 1st.

1.9 Calendar Year means a one-year period beginning on January 1st and 
ending on December 31st.

1.10 cGMP means the current Good Manufacturing Practices officially 
published and interpreted by EMA, FDA, WHO and other applicable Regulatory 
Authorities that may be in effect from time to time and are applicable to 
the Manufacture of the Compounds.

1.11 Clinical Data means all data (including raw data) and results 
generated under the Study and includes Sample Testing Results.
 
2

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.12 Quality Agreement means a written agreement that documents the 
responsibilities and quality expectations between Lilly and any internal or 
external collaboration partner, supplier, contract manufacturer or service.

1.13 CMC means Chemistry Manufacturing and Controls.

1.14 Compounds means the Athenex Compound and the Lilly Compound. A 
Compound means either the Athenex Compound or the Lilly Compound, as 
applicable.

1.15 Combination means the use or method of using the Athenex Compound 
and the Lilly Compound in concomitant or sequential administration.

1.16 Confidential Information means any information, Know-How or other 
proprietary information or materials furnished to one Party by the other 
Party pursuant to this Agreement, except to the extent that such 
information or materials: (a) was already known to the receiving Party, 
other than under an obligation of confidentiality, at the time of 
disclosure by the other Party, as demonstrated by competent evidence; (b) 
was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public 
domain at the time of its disclosure to the receiving Party; (c) became 
generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain 
after its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of the 
receiving Party in breach of this Agreement; (d) was disclosed to the 
receiving Party by a Third Party who had no obligation to the disclosing 
Party not to disclose such information to others; or (e) was subsequently 
developed by the receiving Party without use of the Confidential 
Information, as demonstrated by competent evidence.

1.17 CTA means Clinical Trial Application means a document used to 
request authorization from a Regulatory Authority to begin testing an 
experimental compound/drug in patients.

1.18 Disposition Package has the meaning set forth in Section 8.7.1.

1.19 Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 21.1.

1.20 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

1.21 EMA has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Law.

1.22 FDA has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Law.

1.23 cGCP means the current Good Clinical Practices officially published 
by EMA, FDA and the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical 
Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) that 
may be in effect from time to time and are applicable to the testing of the 
Compounds.

1.24 Government Official means: (i) any officer or employee of: (a) a 
government, or any department or agency thereof; (b) a government-owned or 
controlled company, institution, or other entity, including a 
government-owned hospital or university; or
 
3

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) a public international organization (such as the United Nations, the 
International Monetary Fund, the International Committee of the Red Cross, 
and the World Health Organization), or any department or agency thereof; 
(ii) any political party or party official or candidate for public or 
political party office; and (iii) any person acting in an official capacity 
on behalf of any of the foregoing.

1.25 HIPAA has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Law.

1.26 IND means the Investigational New Drug Application filed or to be 
filed with the FDA as described in Title 21 of the U.S. Code of Federal 
Regulations, Part 312, and the equivalent application in the jurisdictions 
outside the United States, including an Investigational Medicinal Product 
Dossier filed or to be filed with the Regulatory Authorities in the 
European Union.

1.27 Inventions means all inventions and discoveries which are made or 
conceived in the performance of the Study and/or which are made or 
conceived by a Party through use of the Clinical Data.

1.28 Internal Compliance Codes shall mean a Partys internal policies and 
procedures intended to ensure that a Party complies with Applicable Laws, 
Party Specific Regulations, and such Partys internal ethical, medical and 
similar standards.

1.29 Compliance shall mean the adherence by the Parties in all material 
respects to all Applicable Laws and Party Specific Regulations, in each 
case with respect to the activities to be conducted under this Agreement.

1.30 Party Specific Regulations shall mean all judgments, decrees, orders 
or similar decisions issued by any Governmental Authority specific to a 
Party, and all consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, or other 
agreements or undertakings of any kind by a Party with any Governmental 
Authority, in each case as the same may be in effect from time to time and 
applicable to a Partys activities contemplated by this Agreement.

1.31 Jointly Owned Invention has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.1.

1.32 Joint Patent Application has the meaning set forth in Section 
10.1.2.

1.33 Joint Patent means a patent that issues from a Joint Patent 
Application.

1.34 Know-How means any proprietary invention, innovation, improvement, 
development, discovery, computer program, device, trade secret, method, 
know-how, process, technique or the like, including manufacturing, use, 
process, structural, operational and other data and information, whether or 
not written or otherwise fixed in any form or medium, regardless of the 
media on which contained and whether or not patentable or copyrightable, 
that is not generally known or otherwise in the public domain.

1.35 Liability has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.1.
 
4

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.36 Lilly has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

1.37 Lilly Compound means ramucirumab, excluding, however, any generic 
version of ramucirumab other than a generic version owned or controlled by 
Lilly or its Affiliate.

1.38 Manufacture, Manufactured, or Manufacturing means all stages of 
the manufacture of a Compound, including planning, purchasing, manufacture, 
processing, compounding, storage, filling, packaging, waste disposal, 
labeling, leafleting, testing, quality assurance, sample retention, 
stability testing, release, dispatch and supply, as applicable.

1.39 Manufacturers Release or Release has the meaning ascribed to such 
term in the Quality Agreement.

1.40 Manufacturing Site means the facilities where a Compound is 
Manufactured.

1.41 Party has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

1.42 Protocol means the written documentation that describes the Study 
and sets forth specific activities to be performed as part of the Study 
conduct, a summary of which is attached hereto as Appendix A.

1.43 Regulatory Approvals means any and all permissions (other than the 
Manufacturing approvals) required to be obtained from Regulatory 
Authorities and any other competent authority for the development, 
registration, importation, use (including in clinical trials), 
distribution, sale and marketing of a Compound in the United States, Europe 
or other applicable jurisdictions for use in humans, including any pricing 
or reimbursement approvals.

1.44 Regulatory Authorities has the meaning set forth in the definition 
of Applicable Law.

1.45 Related Agreements means the Pharmacovigilance Agreement and the 
Clinical Quality Agreement.

1.46 Specifications means, with respect to a given Compound, the set of 
requirements for such Compound as set forth in the Clinical Quality 
Agreement.

1.47 Study means the study entitled A Phase Ib study of Oraxol in 
combination with Ramucirumab in patients with Gastric, Gastro-esophageal, 
or Esophageal Cancers.

1.48 Study Completion has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.

1.49 Territory means worldwide.

1.50 Third Party means any person or entity other than Lilly, Athenex or 
their respective Affiliates.
 
5

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. 	Scope of the Agreement.

2.1 Each Party shall contribute to the Study such resources as are 
necessary to fulfill its obligations set forth in this Agreement.

2.2 Each Party agrees to act in good faith in performing its obligations 
under this Agreement and each Related Agreement, and shall notify the other 
Party as promptly as possible in the event of any Manufacturing delay that 
is likely to adversely affect supply of its Compound as contemplated by 
this Agreement.

2.3 Representations and Warranties.

2.3.1 Lilly agrees to Manufacture and supply the Lilly Compound for 
purposes of the Study as set forth in Article 8, and Lilly hereby 
represents and warrants to Athenex that, at the time of Delivery of the 
Lilly Compound, such Lilly Compound shall have been Manufactured and 
supplied in compliance with: (i) the Specifications for the Lilly Compound; 
and (ii) all Applicable Law, including cGMP and health, safety and 
environmental protections.

2.3.2 Without limiting the foregoing, each Party is responsible for 
obtaining all regulatory approvals (including facility licenses) that are 
required to Manufacture its Compound in accordance with Applicable Law 
(provided that for clarity, Athenex shall be responsible for obtaining 
Regulatory Approvals for the Study as set forth in Section 3.3).

2.4 Each Party shall have the right to subcontract any portion of its 
obligations hereunder: (i) to its own Affiliates, without the other Partys 
written consent; or (ii) to third parties, provided that with respect to 
third parties that are directly involved in the conduct of the clinical 
trial that is subject of the Study, the Parties have approved (in a written 
document) the use of such third parties in the performance of such 
activities, and provided further that no consent shall be necessary for 
either Partys delegation to or use of contract research organizations or 
other third parties that are already conducting clinical trials of such 
Partys Compound and are set forth in the Protocol as performing such Study 
activities. In any event, each Party shall remain solely and fully liable 
for the performance of its subcontractors. Each Party shall ensure that 
each of its subcontractors performs its obligations pursuant to the terms 
of this Agreement, including the Appendices attached hereto. Each Party 
shall use reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain copies of documents 
relating to the obligations performed by such subcontractors that are held 
by or under the control of such subcontractors and that are required to be 
provided to the other Party under this Agreement.

2.5 This Agreement does not create any obligation on the part of Athenex to 
provide the Athenex Compound for any activities other than the Study, nor 
does it create any obligation on the part of Lilly to provide the Lilly 
Compound for any activities other than the Study.

2.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prohibit either Party from 
performing clinical studies other than the Study relating to its own 
Compound, either individually or in combination with any other compound or 
product, in any therapeutic area, or (ii) create an exclusive relationship 
between the Parties with respect to any Compound.
 
6

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. 	Conduct of the Study.

3.1 Athenex shall act as the sponsor of the Study and shall hold the 
IND/CTA relating to the Study; provided, however, that in no event shall 
Athenex file a separate IND/CTA for the Study unless required by Regulatory 
Authorities to do so. If a Regulatory Authority requests a separate IND/CTA 
for the Study the Parties will meet and mutually agree on an approach to 
address such requirement.

3.2 Athenex shall ensure that the Study is performed in accordance with 
this Agreement, the Protocol and all Applicable Law, including GCP.

3.3 Athenex shall ensure that all directions from any Regulatory Authority 
and/or ethics committee with jurisdiction over the Study are followed. 
Further, Athenex shall ensure that all Regulatory Approvals from any 
Regulatory Authority and/or ethics committee with jurisdiction over the 
Study are obtained prior to initiating performance of the Study. Athenex 
shall participate in and lead all discussions with any Regulatory Authority 
regarding the Study, provided, however, that Lilly shall have the right 
(but no obligation) to participate in any discussions with a Regulatory 
Authority, and prior review and approval of any written communications with 
a Regulatory Authorty, regarding matters related to the Lilly Compound.

3.4 Athenex shall maintain reports and all related documentation (paper or 
electronic versions as applicable) in good scientific manner and in 
compliance with Applicable Law. Athenex shall provide any Study information 
and documentation reasonably requested to enable Lilly to (i) comply with 
any of its legal and regulatory obligations, or any request by any 
Regulatory Authority, in each case, to the extent related to the Study or 
such the Lilly Compound, (ii) satisfy any contractual obligation to a 
subcontractor engaged pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof, and (iii) to 
determine whether the Study has been performed by Athenex in accordance 
with this Agreement.

3.5 Athenex shall ensure that all patient authorizations and consents, and 
all consents from other data subjects, for the processing, use and 
disclosure of their data and the Clinical Data, required under HIPAA, the 
EU Data Protection Directive, EU General Data Protection Regulation, and 
any other similar Applicable Law in connection with the Study, permit the 
use and sharing of the Clinical Data as set forth in this Agreement, 
including the sharing of Clinical Data with Lilly.

3.6 All Clinical Data, including raw data and results, generated under this 
Agreement, as well as the protocol(s), analyses, plans and any other 
documentation prepared by one or more of the Parties under this Agreement 
specifically for use in connection with the Study and related to the Lilly 
Compound, shall be jointly owned by Lilly and Athenex.

3.7 Project Managers. Each Party shall designate a project manager (the 
Project Manager) who shall be responsible for implementing and 
coordinating activities, and facilitating the exchange of scientific 
information between the Parties with respect to the Study. The Athenex 
Project Manager shall provide regular updates in writing to the Lilly 
Project Manager, no less frequently than twice yearly, which update shall 
contain information about
 
7

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
overall Study progress, recruitment status, interim analysis (if results 
are available), final analysis and other information relevant to the 
conduct of the Study.

3.7.1 Each Party shall appoint a supply chain representative to hold 
telephone discussions at a mutually agreed-upon frequency to review the 
quantities of Lilly Compound needed for the Study (in accordance with 
Appendix B) and any other supply chain issues that may arise during the 
Study.

3.8 Athenex shall provide Lilly with (i) an electronic draft of the final 
study report for Lilly to provide comments to Athenex within thirty (30) 
days of receipt of such draft final study report and (ii) the final version 
of the final study report promptly following Study Completion. Athenex 
shall consider in good faith any comments provided by Lilly on the draft of 
the final study report. Study Completion shall be deemed to occur upon 
lock of the Study database.

3.9 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Party 
acknowledges and agrees that the other Party may have present or future 
business activities or opportunities, including business activities or 
opportunities with Third Parties, involving similar products, programs, 
technologies or processes. Accordingly, each Party acknowledges and agrees 
that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a representation or 
inference that the other Party will not develop for itself, or enter into 
business relationships with other Third Parties regarding, any products, 
programs, studies (including combination studies), technologies or 
processes that are similar to or that may compete with the Combination or 
any other product, program, technology or process provided that the 
Clinical Data, Jointly Owned Inventions, and Confidential Information are 
used or disclosed in connection therewith consistent with and not in 
violation of Sections 3.3, 9.1 or 10 of this Agreement.

3.10 Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict a Party from 
licensing, assigning or otherwise transferring to an Affiliate or Third 
Party its Compound and the related Clinical Data, Confidential Information, 
Sample Testing Results or Jointly Owned Inventions; provided, however, that 
in the case of any such license, assignment or transfer, the licensee, 
assignee or transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of 
this Agreement.
 
4. 	Protocol and Related Documents.

4.1 A summary of the initial Protocol, entitled *** has been agreed to by 
the Parties as of the Effective Date, and is attached as Appendix A. The 
final Protocol must be accepted by both Parties. Athenex shall have the 
final decision regarding the contents of the Protocol; provided, however, 
that any material changes to the Protocol (other than relating solely to 
the Athenex Compound), and any changes (whether or not material) relating 
to the Lilly Compound, shall require Lillys prior written consent. Any 
such proposed changes will be sent in writing to Lillys Project Manager. 
Lilly will provide such consent, or a written explanation for why such 
consent is being withheld, within fifteen (15) Business Days of receiving a 
copy of Athenexs requested changes; provided that if Lilly fails to 
provide such written explanation within such 15 Business Day period, then 
Lilly shall be deemed to have consented to such change or changes. Athenex 
will provide a copy of the final approved protocol and any subsequent 
protocol amendments.
 
8

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. 	Safety and Regulatory Reporting.

Athenex will be solely responsible for compliance with all Applicable Law 
pertaining to safety reporting for the Study and related activities. The 
Parties will execute a Pharmacovigilance Agreement within ninety (90) days 
following the Effective Date of this Agreement or prior to the initiation 
of the Trial. The Pharmacovigilance Agreement will ensure the exchange of 
relevant safety data and Adverse Event reporting within appropriate 
timeframes and in appropriate format to enable the Parties to fulfill local 
and international regulatory reporting obligations and to facilitate 
appropriate safety reviews. Each Partys right to audit the other Party as 
it relates to pharmacovigilance activities shall be set forth in the 
Pharmacovigilance Agreement.

In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Pharmacovigilance 
Agreement, where the conflict relates to a term governing the exchange of 
safety data or Adverse Event reporting, the terms of the Pharmacovigilance 
Agreement shall control.
 
6. 	Term and Termination.

6.1 The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and 
shall continue in full force and effect until completion of all of the 
obligations of the Parties hereunder or until terminated by either Party 
pursuant to this Article 6.

6.2 In the event that Lilly reasonably and in good faith believes that the 
Lilly Compound is being used in the Study in an unsafe manner and notifies 
Athenex in writing of the grounds for such belief, and Athenex fails to 
promptly incorporate (subject to approval by applicable Regulatory 
Authorities or Institutional Review Boards) changes into the Protocol 
reasonably requested by Lilly to address such issue or to otherwise 
reasonably and in good faith address such issue, Lilly may terminate this 
Agreement and the supply of the Lilly Compound effective upon written 
notice to Athenex.

6.3 Either Party may terminate this Agreement if the other Party commits a 
material breach of this Agreement, and such material breach continues for 
thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof from the 
non-breaching Party; provided that if such material breach cannot 
reasonably be cured within thirty (30) days, the breaching Party shall be 
given a reasonable period of time to cure such breach.

6.4 If either Party determines in good faith, based on a review of the 
Clinical Data or other Study-related Know-How or other information, that 
the Study may unreasonably affect patient safety, such Party shall promptly 
notify the other Party of such determination. The Party receiving such 
notice may propose modifications to the Study to address the safety issue 
identified by the other Party and, if the notifying Party agrees, shall act 
to immediately implement such modifications; provided, however, that if the 
notifying Party, in its sole discretion, believes that there is imminent 
danger to patients, such Party need not wait for the other Party to propose 
modifications and may instead terminate this Agreement immediately upon 
written notice to such other Party. Furthermore, if the notifying Party, in 
its sole discretion, believes that any modifications proposed by the other 
Party will not resolve the patient safety issue; such Party may terminate 
this Agreement effective upon written notice to such other Party.
 
9

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.5 Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written 
notice to the other Party in the event that any Regulatory Authority takes 
any action, or raises any objection, that prevents the terminating Party 
from supplying its Compound for purposes of the Study. Additionally, either 
Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon 
written notice to the other Party in the event that it determines in its 
sole discretion to discontinue development of its Compound, for medical, 
scientific, legal or other reasons.

6.6 In the event that this Agreement is terminated, Athenex shall, at 
Lillys sole discretion, promptly either return or destroy all unused Lilly 
Compound pursuant to Lillys instructions. If Lilly requests that Athenex 
destroy the unused Lilly Compound, Athenex shall provide written 
certification of such destruction.

6.7 Either Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately 
upon written notice to the other Party, if such other Party fails to 
perform any of its obligations under Section 13.3 or breaches any 
representation or warranty contained in Section 13.3. Subject to Section 
6.11, the non-terminating Party shall have no claim against the terminating 
Party for compensation for any loss of whatever nature by virtue of the 
termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 6.7.

6.8 The provisions of this Section 6.8 and Sections 3.6 (other than the 
first sentence thereof), 3.7, 3.9, 6.6, 6.7 (other than the first sentence 
thereof), 6.9, 6.10, 6.11, 12.2, 12.3, 12.4, 12.5, 14.2 (Indemnification), 
14.3 (Limitation of Liability), and Articles 1 (Definitions), 5 (Safety and 
Regulatory Reporting), 7 (Costs of Study), 9 (Confidentiality), 10 
(Intellectual Property), 11 (Reprints; Rights of Cross-Reference), 12 
(Press Releases and Publications), 20 (No Additional Obligations), 21 
(Dispute Resolution and Jurisdiction), 22 (Notices), 23 (Relationship of 
the Parties) and 25 (Construction) shall survive the expiration or 
termination of this Agreement.

6.9 Termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any claim 
or right of action of either Party against the other Party for any prior 
breach of this Agreement.

6.10 Upon termination of this Agreement, each Party and its Affiliates 
shall promptly return to the other Party or destroy any Confidential 
Information of the other Party (other than Clinical Data, Sample Testing 
Results and Inventions) furnished to the receiving Party by the other 
Party, except that the receiving Party shall have the right to retain one 
copy for record-keeping purposes.
 
7. 	Costs of the Study.

The Parties agree that (i) Lilly shall provide the Lilly Compound for use 
in the Study, as described in Article 8 below, at no cost to Athenex; and 
(ii) Athenex shall bear all other costs associated with the conduct of the 
Study. Anydoses of Lilly Compound provided under this Agreement constitute 
free goods not contingent upon any purchase requirement(s). For the 
avoidance of doubt, Athenex will not be required to reimburse Lilly for any 
costs or expenses incurred by Lilly or its Affiliates in connection with 
the Study and Lilly will not be required to reimburse Athenex for any costs 
or expenses incurred by Athenex or its Affiliates in connection with the 
Study.
 
10

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. 	Supply and Use of the Compounds.

8.1 Lilly will supply, or cause to be supplied, the Lilly Compound as set 
forth in Appendix B. The Parties shall enter into a Quality Agreement 
that shall address and govern issues related to labeling, packaging and the 
quality of clinical drug supply to be supplied by the Parties for use in 
the Study prior to shipping material.

8.2 Athenex shall (i) use the Lilly Compound solely for purposes of 
performing the Study; (ii) not use the Lilly Compound in any manner 
inconsistent with this Agreement or for any commercial purpose; and (iii) 
use, store, transport, handle and dispose of the Lilly Compound in 
compliance with Applicable Law and the Clinical Quality Agreement. Athenex 
shall not reverse engineer, reverse compile, disassemble or otherwise 
attempt to derive the composition or underlying information, structure or 
ideas of the Lilly Compound, and in particular shall not analyze the Lilly 
Compound by physical, chemical or biochemical means except as necessary to 
perform its obligations under the Quality Agreement.

8.3 Lilly may make changes from time to time to its Compound or the 
manufacturing thereof.
 
9. 	Confidentiality.

9.1 Lilly and Athenex agree to hold in confidence any Confidential 
Information of the other Party, and neither Party shall use Confidential 
Information of the other Party except for the performance of the Study and 
for permitted uses otherwise stated in this Agreement. Neither Party shall, 
without the prior written permission of the other Party, disclose any 
Confidential Information of the other Party to any Third Party except to 
the extent disclosure (i) is required by Applicable Law; (ii) is pursuant 
to the terms of this Agreement; or (iii) is necessary for the conduct of 
the Study, and in each case ((i) through (iii)) provided that the 
disclosing Party shall provide reasonable advance notice to the other Party 
before making such disclosure. For the avoidance of doubt, Athenex may, 
without Lillys consent, disclose Confidential Information to clinical 
trial sites and clinical trial investigators performing the Study, the data 
safety monitoring and advisory board relating to the Study, and Regulatory 
Authorities working with Athenex on the Study, in each case to the extent 
necessary for the performance of the Study and provided that such persons 
(other than governmental entities) are bound by an obligation of 
confidentiality at least as stringent as the obligations contained herein.

9.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Inventions and Clinical Data that 
constitute Confidential Information and are jointly owned by the Parties 
shall constitute the Confidential Information of both Parties and

(a) Lilly shall have the right to (i) use jointly owned Confidential 
Information in connection with its independent development, 
commercialization or other exploitation of any proprietary Lilly compound 
including the Lilly Compound (alone or in combination with the Athenex 
Compound and/or any other pharmaceutical agent) without the consent of, or 
any obligation to account to, Athenex; and (ii) disclose such Confidential 
Information to Third Parties consistent with Articles 10, 11 and 12. For 
clarity, Lilly retains the right to conduct additional studies and clinical 
trials (i.e., studies other than the Study) involving the Lilly
 
11

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Compound, either alone or with a Third Party, and such additional studies 
or clinical trials shall not be subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.

(b) Athenex shall have the right to (i) use jointly owned Confidential 
Information in connection with its independent development, 
commercialization or other exploitation of any proprietary Athenex compound 
including the Athenex Compound (alone or in combination with the Lilly 
Compound and/or any other pharmaceutical agent) without the consent of, or 
any obligation to account to, Lilly; and (ii) disclose such Confidential 
Information to Third Parties consistent with Articles 10, 11 and 12. For 
clarity, Athenex retains the right to conduct additional studies and 
clinical trials (i.e., studies other than the Study) involving the Athenex 
Compound, either alone or with a Third Party, and such additional studies 
or clinical trials shall not be subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.

9.3 Athenex may use and disclose to Third Parties any Athenex solely owned 
Confidential Information for any purpose without obligation or accounting 
to Lilly. Lilly may use and disclose to Third Parties any Lilly solely 
owned Confidential Information for any purpose without obligation or 
accounting to Athenex.

9.4 Each party agrees that with respect to its performance of all 
activities under this Agreement, it shall undertake appropriate physical, 
technical and administrative controls in order to protect personally 
identifiable data and prevent the unauthorized access to or disclosure of 
such personally identifiable data and that its processing of all personally 
identifiable data, including the Clinical Data, shall be in accordance with 
all data protection and privacy laws, rules and regulations and Applicable 
Law.
 
10. 	Intellectual Property.

10.1 Joint Ownership and Prosecution.

10.1.1 Subject to Sections 10.2 and 10.3, all rights to all Inventions 
relating to or covering the combined use of the Lilly Compound and the 
Athenex Compound (each a Jointly Owned Invention) shall belong jointly to 
Lilly and Athenex. For those countries where a specific license is required 
for a joint owner of a Jointly Owned Invention to practice such Jointly 
Owned Invention in such countries, (i) Athenex hereby grants to Lilly a 
perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully 
paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, under Athenexs right, 
title and interest in and to all Jointly Owned Inventions to use such 
Inventions and (ii) Lilly hereby grants to Athenex a perpetual, 
irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license, 
transferable and sublicensable, under Lillys right, title and interest in 
and to all Jointly Owned Inventions to use such Inventions. For clarity, 
the terms of this Agreement do not provide Lilly or Athenex with any 
rights, title or interest or any license to the other Partys background 
intellectual property except as necessary to conduct the Study and as 
expressly set forth in Section 10.4. Each Party shall have the right to 
freely exploit each Jointly Owned Invention, both within and outside the 
scope of the Study, without accounting to or any other obligation to the 
other Party, and each Party may grant licenses (with a right to sublicense) 
to Third Parties under such Partys interest in each Jointly Owned 
Invention.
 
12

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.1.2 As needed following the Effective Date, patent representatives of 
each of the Parties shall meet (in person or by telephone) to discuss the 
patenting strategy for any Jointly Owned Inventions which may arise. In 
particular, the Parties shall discuss which Party will file a patent 
application (including any provisional, substitution, divisional, 
continuation, continuation in part, reissue, renewal, reexamination, 
extension, supplementary protection certificate and the like) in respect of 
any Jointly Owned Invention (each, a Joint Patent Application) and 
whether the Parties wish to appoint Joint Patent Counsel. In any event, the 
Parties shall consult and reasonably cooperate with one another in the 
preparation, filing, prosecution (including prosecution strategy) and 
maintenance of such patent application and shall equally share the expenses 
associated with the Joint Patent Applications. In the event that one Party 
(the Filing Party) wishes to file a patent application for a Jointly 
Owned Invention and the other Party (the Non-filing Party) does not want 
to file any patent application for such Jointly Owned Invention or does not 
want to file in a particular country, the Non-filing Party shall execute 
such documents and perform such acts at the Filing Partys expense as may 
be reasonably necessary to effect an assignment of such Jointly Owned 
Invention to the Filing Party (in such country or all countries, as 
applicable) in a timely manner to allow the Filing Party to prosecute such 
patent application. Likewise, if a Party (the Opting-out Party) wishes to 
discontinue the prosecution and maintenance of a Joint Patent Application, 
the other Party, at its sole option (the Continuing Party), may continue 
such prosecution and maintenance. In such event, the Opting-out Party shall 
execute such documents and perform such acts at the Continuing Partys 
expense as may be reasonably necessary to effect an assignment of such 
Joint Patent Application to the Continuing Party (in such country or all 
countries, as applicable) in a timely manner to allow the Continuing Party 
to prosecute and maintain such patent application. Any Joint Patent 
Application or Jointly Owned Invention so assigned shall thereafter be 
owned solely by the Continuing Party or Filing Party (as applicable), and 
any patent claiming such Jointly Owned Invention in the applicable country 
or countries any such patent, when issued, shall not be a Joint Patent. The 
Filing Party or Continuing Party (as applicable) hereby grants to the 
Opting-out Party or Non-Filing Party (as applicable) a perpetual, 
irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free fully paid-up license under such 
solely owned patent applications and patents to practice any Invention 
claimed therein solely for the purposes of developing and commercializing 
its respective Compound for use in the Combination, which license shall not 
be transferable or sublicensable to any Third Party except to (A) 
Affiliates of the Opting-out Party or Non-Filing Party (as applicable) and 
(B) Third Parties engaged in developing, manufacturing or marketing that 
Partys Compound for or on behalf of that Party or its Affiliates.

10.1.3 Except as expressly provided in Section 10.1.2 and in furtherance 
and not in limitation of Section 9.1, each Party agrees to make no patent 
application based on the other Partys Confidential Information, and to 
give no assistance to any Third Party for such application, without the 
other Partys prior written authorization.

10.1.4 Lilly shall have the first right to initiate and control legal 
action to enforce all Joint Patents against infringement, and to protect 
all Jointly Owned Inventions from misappropriation, by any Third Party 
where such infringement or misappropriation results from the development or 
sale of a molecule that is a biosimilar or interchangeable version of the 
Lilly Compound (i.e., where a Third Party has filed for marketing approval 
pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §262(k) or any comparable Applicable Law in other 
jurisdictions using the Lilly
 
13

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Compound as the reference drug), or to defend any declaratory judgment 
action relating thereto, at its sole expense (subject to Section 10.1.5). 
In the event that Lilly fails to initiate or defend such action within 
thirty (30) days after being first notified of such infringement or 
misappropriation, Athenex shall have the right to do so at its sole expense 
(subject to Section 10.1.5). Similarly, Athenex shall have the first right 
to initiate and control legal action to enforce all Joint Patents against 
infringement and to protect all Jointly Owned Inventions from 
misappropriation, by any Third Party where such infringement or 
misappropriation results from the development or sale of a molecule that is 
a biosimilar or interchangeable version of the Athenex Compound (i.e., 
where a Third Party has filed for marketing approval pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 
§262(k) or any comparable Applicable Law in other jurisdictions using the 
Athenex Compound as the reference drug), or to defend any declaratory 
judgment action relating thereto, at its sole expense (subject to Section 
10.1.5). In the event that Athenex fails to initiate or defend such action 
within thirty (30) days after being first notified of such infringement, 
Lilly shall have the right to do so at its sole expense (subject to Section 
10.1.5). In the event that legal action to enforce Joint Patents will 
involve infringement or misappropriation resulting from the development or 
sale of a molecule or molecules that is or includes both the Lilly Compound 
and the Athenex Compound, the Parties shall work together to coordinate 
such action and shall share the costs and expenses of such litigation 
equally. For clarity, if the alleged infringer is selling or intending to 
sell only one biosimilar or interchangeable version of either the Lilly 
Compound or the Athenex Compound, then the Parties obligation to share the 
costs and expenses of such litigation shall not apply.

10.1.5 If one Party brings any prosecution or enforcement action or 
proceeding against a Third Party with respect to any Joint Patent, the 
second Party agrees to be joined as a party plaintiff where necessary and 
to give the first Party reasonable assistance and authority to file and 
prosecute the suit. In such case, the costs and expenses of such second 
Party shall be borne by such second Party, but all other costs and expenses 
of the litigation shall be borne by the Party bringing or defending such 
suit. Any damages or other monetary awards recovered shall be shared by the 
Parties in proportion based on their relative contributions to the total 
costs and expenses of the litigation. A settlement or consent judgment or 
other voluntary final disposition of a suit under this Section 10.1.5 may 
not be entered into without the consent of the Party not bringing the suit.

10.2 Inventions Owned by Lilly. Notwithstanding Section 10.1, the Parties 
agree that all rights to Inventions relating solely to the Lilly Compound 
are the exclusive property of Lilly. Lilly shall be entitled to file in its 
own name relevant patent applications and to own resultant patent rights 
for any such Invention. For the avoidance of doubt, any Invention 
generically encompassing the Lilly Compound (and not any Athenex 
proprietary compound including the Athenex Compound) within its scope, even 
where the Lilly Compound is not disclosed per se, is the exclusive property 
of Lilly.

10.3 Inventions Owned by Athenex. Notwithstanding Section 10.1, the Parties 
agree that all rights to Inventions relating solely to the Athenex Compound 
are the exclusive property of Athenex. Athenex shall be entitled to file in 
its own name relevant patent applications and to own resultant patent 
rights for any such Invention. For the avoidance of doubt, any Invention 
generically encompassing the Athenex Compound (and not any Lilly 
proprietary compound
 
14

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
including the Lilly Compound) within its scope, even where the Athenex 
Compound is not disclosed per se, is the exclusive property of Athenex.

10.4 Mutual Freedom to Operate for Combination Inventions.
 
  	(i) 	Lilly hereby grants to Athenex a non-exclusive, worldwide, 
royalty-free, fully paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, to any 
patent owned or controlled by Lilly which (a) has a priority claim that is 
earlier than the initiation of the Study (i.e., first dosing of the first 
patient in the Study) and (b) claims the Combination, in order to practice 
such Combination for all purposes.
 
  	(ii) 	Athenex hereby grants to Lilly a non-exclusive, worldwide, 
royalty-free, fully paid-up license, transferable and sublicensable, to any 
patent owned or controlled by Athenex which (a) has a priority claim that 
is earlier than the initiation of the Study (i.e., first dosing of the 
first patient in the Study) and (b) claims the Combination, in order to 
practice such Combination for all purposes.
 
  	(iii) 	For clarity, the terms of this Section 10.4 do not provide 
Athenex or Lilly with any rights, title or interest or any license to the 
other Partys background intellectual property which does not claim the 
Combination (i.e., intellectual property owned or licensed by either Party 
which does not constitute an Invention and does not claim the Combination) 
except as necessary to conduct the Study.
 
  	(iv) 	Notwithstanding the foregoing, any and all licenses granted under 
this Section shall terminate upon termination of this Agreement and any 
future agreement(s) the Parties may enter into related to the Combination.
 
11. 	Reprints.

Consistent with applicable copyright and other laws, each Party may use, 
refer to, and disseminate reprints of scientific, medical and other 
published articles and materials from journals, conferences and/or symposia 
relating to the Study which disclose the name of a Party, provided such use 
does not constitute an endorsement of any commercial product or service by 
the other Party.
 
12. 	Press Releases and Publications.

12.1 ***

12.2 To the extent required by Applicable Law or Lillys policies, Athenex 
will register the Study with the Clinical Trials Registry located at 
www.clinicaltrials.gov. Athenex is committed to timely publication of the 
results following Study Completion, after taking appropriate action to 
secure intellectual property rights (if any) arising from the Study. The 
publication of the results of the Study will be in accordance with the 
Protocol. Lilly agrees not to publish any results of the Study involving 
the Athenex Compound prior to the timely publication of such Study results 
by Athenex.
 
15

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12.3 Each Party shall use reasonable efforts to publish or present 
scientific papers dealing with the Study in accordance with accepted 
scientific practice. Each Party may issue a press release related to any 
scientific presentation or publication regarding the Study in a form 
mutually agreed to by the Parties.

12.4 The Parties agree that prior to submission of the results of the Study 
for publication or presentation or any other dissemination of results 
including oral dissemination, the publishing Party shall invite the other 
to comment on the content of the material to be published or presented 
according to the following procedure:
 
  	(i) 	At least *** days prior to submission for publication of any paper, 
letter or any other publication, or *** days prior to submission for 
presentation of any abstract, poster, talk or any other presentation, the 
publishing Party shall provide to the other Party the full details of the 
proposed publication or presentation in an electronic version (secure file 
transfer). Upon written request from the other Party, the publishing Party 
agrees not to submit data for publication/presentation for an additional 
*** days in order to allow for actions to be taken to preserve rights for 
patent protection.
 
  	(ii) 	The publishing Party shall give reasonable consideration to any 
request by the other Party made within the periods mentioned in clause (i) 
above to modify the publication and the Parties shall work in good faith 
and in a timely manner to resolve any issue regarding the content for 
publication.
 
  	(iii) 	The publishing Party shall remove all Confidential Information of 
the other Party before finalizing the publication.

12.5 Notwitstanding the foreging, that in the event Lilly has notified 
Athenex in writing that Lilly reasonably believes that prior to such 
publication or presentation it must take action to protect its intellectual 
property interests, such as the filing of a patent application claiming an 
invention or a trademark registration application, Athenex shall either (1) 
delay such publication or presentation for an additional *** days or until 
the foregoing action(s) have been taken, whichever shall first occur; or 
(2) if Athenex is unwilling to delay the publication or presentation, 
Athenex will remove from the publication or presentation the information 
which Lilly has specified it reasonably believes would jeopardize its 
intellectual property interests. Under certain circumstances, a shorter 
review period may be granted in writing by Lilly. Athenex will assist Lilly 
in obtaining reprints of the publication(s) resulting from the Study.

12.6 Each Party agrees to identify and acknowledge the other Partys 
support in any press release and any other publication or presentation of 
the results of the Study, provided any such release, publication, 
presentation or other disclosure is reviewed and approved by the other 
Party.
 
13. 	Representations and Warranties; Disclaimers.

13.1 Each of Lilly and Athenex represents and warrants to the other that it 
has the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement.
 
16

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.2 Neither Party undertakes that the Study shall lead to any particular 
result and both Parties agree and understand that the success of the Study 
is not guaranteed. Neither Party accepts any responsibility for any use 
that the other Party may make of the Clinical Data nor for advice or 
information given in connection therewith.

13.3 Anti-Corruption and Compliance.

13.3.1 In performing their respective obligations hereunder, the Parties 
acknowledge that the corporate policies of Lilly and Athenex and their 
respective Affiliates require that each Partys business be conducted 
within the letter and spirit of the law. By signing this Agreement, each 
Party agrees to conduct the business contemplated herein in a manner which 
is consistent with all Applicable Law, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act, good business ethics, and its ethics and other corporate 
policies, and to abide by the spirit of the other Partys applicable ethics 
and compliance guidelines which may be provided by such other Party from 
time to time. Specifically, each Party agrees that it has not, and 
covenants that it, its Affiliates, and its and its Affiliates directors, 
employees, officers, and anyone acting on its behalf, will not, in 
connection with the performance of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, 
make, promise, authorize, ratify or offer to make, or take any action in 
furtherance of, any payment or transfer of anything of value for the 
purpose of influencing, inducing or rewarding any act, omission or decision 
to secure an improper advantage; or improperly assisting it in obtaining or 
retaining business for it or the other Party, or in any way with the 
purpose or effect of public or commercial bribery.

13.3.2 Each Party shall not contact, or otherwise knowingly meet with, any 
Government Official for the purpose of discussing activities arising out of 
or in connection with this Agreement, without the prior written approval of 
the other Party, except where such meeting is consistent with the purpose 
and terms of this Agreement and in compliance with Applicable Law.

13.3.3 Each Party represents that: (i) it has no impediment to enter into 
the transaction contemplated in this Agreement; and (ii) it is not (and 
Athenex represents and covenants that no third party engaged to perform 
services for the Study will be) excluded, debarred, suspended, proposed for 
suspension or debarment, or otherwise ineligible for government programs.

13.3.4 Each Party represents and warrants that except as disclosed to the 
other in writing prior to the commencement of this Agreement: (1) it does 
not have any interest which directly or indirectly conflicts with its 
proper and ethical performance of this Agreement; (2) it shall maintain 
arms length relations with all Third Parties with which it deals for or on 
behalf of the other in performance of this Agreement; and (3) it has 
provided complete and accurate information to the other Party in the course 
of negotiating this Agreement, including disclosure of any officers, 
employees, owners or persons directly or indirectly retained by such Party, 
if any, in relation to the performance of this Agreement who are Government 
Officials or relatives of Government Officials. Each Party shall make all 
further disclosures as necessary to the other Party to ensure the 
information provided remains complete and accurate throughout the term of 
this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, each Party agrees that it shall 
not hire or retain any
 
17

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Government Official to assist in its performance of this Agreement, with 
the sole exception of conduct of or participation in clinical trials under 
this Agreement, provided that such hiring or retention shall be subject to 
the completion by the hiring or retaining Party of a satisfactory 
anti-corruption and bribery (e.g., FCPA) due diligence review of such 
Government Official. Each Party further covenants that any future 
information and documentation submitted to the other Party as part of 
further due diligence or a certification shall be complete and accurate.

13.3.5 Each Party shall have the right during the term of this Agreement, 
and for a period of two (2) years following termination of this Agreement, 
to conduct an investigation and audit of the other Partys activities, 
books and records, to the extent they relate to that other Partys 
performance under this Agreement, to verify compliance with the terms of 
this Section 13.3. Such other Party shall cooperate fully with such 
investigation or audit, the scope, method, nature and duration of which 
shall be at the sole reasonable discretion of the Party requesting such 
audit.

13.3.6 Each Party shall ensure that all transactions under the Agreement 
are properly and accurately recorded in all material respects on its books 
and records and that each document upon which entries in such books and 
records are based is complete and accurate in all material respects. Each 
Party further represents, warrants and covenants that all books, records, 
invoices and other documents relating to payments and expenses under this 
Agreement are and shall be complete and accurate and reflect in reasonable 
detail the character and amount of transactions and expenditures. Each 
Party must maintain a system of internal accounting controls reasonably 
designed to ensure that no off-the-books or similar funds or accounts will 
be maintained or used in connection with this Agreement.

13.3.7 Each Party agrees that in the event that the other Party believes in 
good faith that there has been a possible violation of any provision of 
Section 14.3, such other Party may make full disclosure of such belief and 
related information needed to support such belief at any time and for any 
reason to any competent government bodies and its agencies, and to whoever 
such Party determines in good faith has a legitimate need to know.

13.3.8 Each Party agrees to ensure that all employees performing its 
obligations under this Agreement are provided ethics and compliance 
training in accordance with such Partys corporate policies and procedures. 
All Internal Compliance Codes shall apply only to the Party to which they 
relate. The Parties agree to cooperate with each other to insure that each 
Party is able to comply with the substance of its respective Internal 
Compliance Codes and Party Specific Regulations and, to the extent 
practicable, to operate in a manner consist with its usual Compliance 
related processes. Neither Party shall be obligated to pursue any course of 
conduct that would result in such Party being in material breach of any 
Party Specific Regulation applicable to it. All Party Specific Regulations 
are binding only in accordance with their terms and only upon the Party to 
which they relate.

13.4 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ATHENEX MAKES NO WARRANTIES, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE ATHENEX COMPOUND, AND LILLY 
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
 
18

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE LILLY COMPOUND.
 
14. 	Insurance; Indemnification; Limitation of Liability.

14.1 Insurance. Each Party warrants that it maintains a policy or program 
of insurance or self-insurance at levels sufficient to support the 
indemnification obligations assumed herein. Upon request, a Party shall 
provide evidence of such insurance.

14.2 Indemnification.

14.2.1 Indemnification by Athenex. Athenex agrees to defend, indemnify and 
hold harmless Lilly, its Affiliates, and its and their employees, 
directors, subcontractors and agents from and against any loss, damage, 
reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and 
expenses) incurred in connection with any claim, proceeding, or 
investigation by a Third Party arising out of this Agreement or the Study 
(a Liability), except to the extent that such Liability (A) was directly 
caused by (i) ***; (ii) ***; or (iii) ***; or (B) is determined to be 
attributable to ***.

14.2.2 Indemnification by Lilly. Lilly agrees to defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless Athenex, its Affiliates, and its and their employees, directors, 
subcontractors and agents from and against any Liability to the extent that 
such Liability (A) was directly caused by (i) ***; (ii) ***; or (iii) ***; 
or (B) is determined to be attributable to ***.

14.2.3 Procedure. The obligations of Athenex and Lilly under this Section 
14.2 are conditioned upon the delivery of written notice to Athenex or 
Lilly, as the case might be, of any potential Liability within a reasonable 
time after a Party becomes aware of such potential Liability. A Party will 
have the right to assume the defense of any suit or claim related to the 
Liability (using counsel reasonably satisfactory to the other Party) if it 
has assumed responsibility for the suit or claim in writing. The other 
Party may participate in (but not control) the defense thereof at its sole 
cost and expense. The Party controlling such defense (the Defending Party
) shall keep the other Party (the Other Party) advised of the status of 
such action, suit, proceeding or claim and the defense thereof and shall 
consider recommendations made by the Other Party with respect thereto. The 
Defending Party shall not agree to any settlement of such action, suit, 
proceeding or claim without the prior written consent of the Other Party, 
which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Defending Party shall not 
agree to any settlement of such action, suit, proceeding or claim or 
consent to any judgment in respect thereof that does not include a complete 
and unconditional release of the Other Party from all liability with 
respect thereto or that imposes any liability or obligation on the Other 
Party without the prior written consent of the Other Party.

14.2.4 Study Subjects. Lilly shall not offer compensation on behalf of 
Athenex to any Study subject or bind Athenex to any indemnification 
obligations in favor of any Study subject. Likewise, Athenex shall not 
offer compensation on behalf of Lilly to any Study subject or bind Lilly to 
any indemnification obligations in favor of any Study subject.
 
19

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES ARISING 
OUT OF OR RELATED TO A PARTYS BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT TO USE, DISCLOSE, LICENSE, ASSIGN OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SAMPLE 
TESTING RESULTS, CLINICAL DATA, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND JOINTLY-OWNED 
INVENTIONS ONLY FOR THE PERMITTED USE, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY (OR 
ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBCONTRACTORS) BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR, 
NOR SHALL ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY HAVE THE RIGHT TO RECOVER, ANY SPECIAL, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST 
PROFITS OR DAMAGES FOR LOST OPPORTUNITIES), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF (x) THE 
MANUFACTURE OR USE OF ANY COMPOUND SUPPLIED HEREUNDER OR (y) ANY BREACH OF 
OR FAILURE TO PERFORM ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN OR MADE PURSUANT TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, EXCEPT THAT SUCH LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO DAMAGES PAID OR 
PAYABLE TO A THIRD PARTY BY AN INDEMNIFIED PARTY FOR WHICH THE INDEMNIFIED 
PARTY IS ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION HEREUNDER.
 
15. 	Use of Name.

Except as expressly provided herein, neither Party shall have any right, 
express or implied, to use in any manner the name or other designation of 
the other Party or any other trade name, trademark or logo of the other 
Party for any purpose in connection with the performance of this Agreement.
 
16. 	Force Majeure.

If in the performance of this Agreement, one of the Parties is prevented, 
hindered or delayed by reason of any cause beyond such Partys reasonable 
control (e.g., war, riots, fire, strike, governmental laws), such Party 
shall be excused from performance to the extent that it is necessarily 
prevented, hindered or delayed (Force Majeure). The non-performing Party 
will notify the other Party of such Force Majeure within ten (10) days 
after such occurrence by giving written notice to the other Party stating 
the nature of the event, its anticipated duration, and any action being 
taken to avoid or minimize its effect. The suspension of performance will 
be of no greater scope and no longer duration than is necessary and the 
non-performing Party will use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy its 
inability to perform.
 
17. 	Entire Agreement; Modification.

The Parties agree to the full and complete performance of the mutual 
covenants contained in this Agreement. This Agreement, together with the 
Related Agreements, constitutes the sole, full and complete agreement by 
and between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement, and all prior agreements, understandings, promises and 
representations, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are 
superseded by this Agreement. No amendments, changes, additions, deletions 
or modifications to or of this Agreement shall be valid unless reduced to 
writing and signed by the Parties hereto.
 
20

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. 	Assignment and Sub-Contracting.

Neither Party shall assign or transfer this Agreement without the prior 
written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that either Party 
may assign all or any part of this Agreement to one or more of its 
Affiliates without the other Partys consent, and any and all rights and 
obligations of either Party may be exercised or performed by its 
Affiliates, provided that such Affiliates agree to be bound by this 
Agreement.
 
19. 	Invalid Provision.

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or 
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and 
effect and will not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable 
provision. In lieu of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, the 
Parties shall negotiate in good faith to agree upon a reasonable provision 
that is legal, valid and enforceable to carry out as nearly as practicable 
the original intention of the entire Agreement.
 
20. 	No Additional Obligations.

Lilly and Athenex have no obligation to renew this Agreement or apply this 
Agreement to any clinical trial other than the Study. Neither Party is 
under any obligation to enter into another type of agreement at this time 
or in the future.
 
21. 	Dispute Resolution and Jurisdiction.

21.1 The Parties shall attempt in good faith to settle all disputes arising 
out of or in connection with this Agreement in an amicable manner. Any 
claim, dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, 
including the breach, termination or validity hereof or thereof (each, a 
Dispute), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
substantive laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its 
choice of law principles.

21.2 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall deny either Party the right 
to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court of competent 
jurisdiction in the context of a bona fide emergency or prospective 
irreparable harm, and such an action may be filed or maintained 
notwithstanding any ongoing discussions between the Parties.
 
22. 	Notices.

All notices or other communications that are required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, sent by facsimile 
(and promptly confirmed by personal delivery or overnight courier), or sent 
by internationally-recognized overnight courier addressed as follows:

If to Athenex, to:

Athenex, Inc.
Conventus Building
1001 Main Street, Suite 600
 
21

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Buffalo, New York 14203
Attn: Teresa Bair, Esq., Legal Affairs
Fascimile No: 866-895-1793


With a copy to:

Athenex, Inc.
Conventus Building
1001 Main Street, Suite 600
Buffalo, New York 14203
Attn: Robert Keem, Operations
Fascimile No: 866-895-1793


If to Lilly, to:

Eli Lilly and Company
Lilly Corporate Center
893 S Delaware
Indianapolis, IN, USA 46285
Attention: Sr VP of Clinical Development and Medical Affairs, Oncology
Business Unit
Facsimile No: (317) 277-3652


With a copy to:

Eli Lilly and Company
Lilly Corporate Center
893 S Delaware
Indianapolis, IN, USA 46285
Attention: General Counsel
Facsimile No: (317) 433-3000
 
23. 	Relationship of the Parties.

The relationship between the Parties is and shall be that of independent 
contractors, and does not and shall not constitute a partnership, joint 
venture, agency or fiduciary relationship. Neither Party shall have the 
authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any 
kind, or take any actions, which are binding on the other Party, except 
with the prior written consent of the other Party to do so. All persons 
employed by a Party will be the employees of such Party and not of the 
other Party and all costs and obligations incurred by reason of any such 
employment shall be for the account and expense of such Party.
 
24. 	Counterparts and Due Execution.

This Agreement, any amendment and Related Agreements may be executed in two 
(2) or more counterparts (including by way of facsimile or electronic 
transmission), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument,
 
22

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
notwithstanding any electronic transmission, storage and printing of copies 
of this Agreement from computers or printers. When executed by the Parties, 
this Agreement shall constitute an original instrument, notwithstanding any 
electronic transmission, storage and printing of copies of this Agreement 
from computers or printers. For clarity, facsimile signatures and 
signatures transmitted via PDF shall be treated as original signatures.
 
25. 	Construction.

Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the singular 
will include the plural, the plural the singular, the use of any gender 
will be applicable to all genders, and the word or is used in the 
inclusive sense (and/or). Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of 
days, unless otherwise specified, such number refers to calendar days. The 
captions of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no 
way define, describe, extend or limit the scope or intent of this Agreement 
or the intent of any provision contained in this Agreement. The term 
including as used herein shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase 
without limitation or like expression. The term will as used herein 
means shall. References to Article, Section or Appendix are 
references to the numbered sections of this Agreement and the appendices 
attached to this Agreement, unless expressly stated otherwise. Except where 
the context otherwise requires, references to this Agreement shall 
include the appendices attached to this Agreement. The language of this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually chosen by the Parties 
and no rule of strict construction will be applied against either Party 
hereto.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]
 
23

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the respective representatives of the Parties have 
executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Athenex, Inc.
By: 	  	 

Name: (Type or Print) Simon Pedder, PhD

Title: Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Business Development
Date: 	  	 

Eli Lilly and Company
By: 	  	 

Name: Richard Gaynor

Title: Sr VP of Clinical Development and Medical Affairs, Oncology
Date: 	  	 

Eli Lilly and Company
By: 	  	 

Name: Michael Franklin

Title: Sr. Advisor Commercial Product/Collaborations
Date: 	  	 

ImClone LLC
By: 	  	 

Name (Type or Print):

Title: Member
Date: 	  	 
 
 
24

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

Appendix A

PROTOCOL SUMMARY
 
25

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
***

A total 77 pages of Protocol summary redacted.
 
26

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appendix B

LILLY PRODUCT Supply Agreement
 
27

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
***

A total 4 pages of Supply Agreement redacted.
 
28

*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.