 EX-10.11 20 d201422dex1011.htm EX-10.11
Exhibit 10.11

Execution Copy

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

and

PHARMAESSENTIA CORP

December 16, 2013
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1
  	
 DEFINITIONS
   	  	1 	  
 ARTICLE 2
  	
 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	9 	  
 ARTICLE 3
  	
 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION; REGULATORY
 MATTERS
   	  	10 	  
 ARTICLE 4
  	
 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	16 	  
 ARTICLE 5
  	
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	20 	  
 ARTICLE 6
  	
 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	21 	  
 ARTICLE 7
  	
 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	26 	  
 ARTICLE 8
  	
 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	28 	  
 ARTICLE 9
  	
 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	30 	  
 ARTICLE 10
  	
 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	33 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of December 16, 2013 
(Effective Date), by and between:
 
(1) 	KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a corporation incorporated and existing 
under the laws of the State of Delaware and having its principal office at 
701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 14203, USA (Kinex); and
 
(2) 	PHARMAESSENTIA CORP, a corporation incorporated and existing under the 
laws of the Taiwan and having its principal office at 13F, No. 3 YuanQu 
Street, Nankang District, Taipei 115, Taiwan (PharmaEssentia).

(Kinex and PharmaEssentia are hereinafter collectively referred to as 
Parties and individually Party.)


WITNESETH

WHEREAS, Kinex owns or Controls the Kinex Intellectual Property necessary 
for the manufacture and sale of Oraxol and Oratecan ( as such capitalized 
terms are hereinafter defined) in the Territory, including an exclusive 
license granted by Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. to Kinex for Kinexs use, 
and sublicense to any Third Party for use, of the Intellectual Property to 
Develop and Commercialize the Compound and the Licensed Products (defined 
below) in all major markets worldwide except for Korea, Japan and India in 
Asia;

WHEREAS, PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates have experience in the 
development, marketing, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products 
predominately in Asia; and PharmaEssentia desires to obtain the exclusive 
right and license in the Territory to further develop and thereafter 
commercialize a Licensed Products for indications in the Field (as such 
capitalized terms are hereinafter defined); and Kinex desires to grant to 
PharmaEssentia such exclusive right and license in the Territory, all on 
the terms and conditions set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

1.2 Affiliate means with respect to a Party (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly
 
1
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof.

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a).

1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).

1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.

1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, that (i) the first Calendar Quarter of any period 
specified under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such 
period to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and 
(ii) the last Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2014, and for 
each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and 
ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 CFR means the United States Code of Federal Regulations.

1.9 cGMP means current good manufacturing practices.

1.10 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

1.11 Clinical Studies means any clinical studies of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.

1.12 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or pre-launch activities.
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.13 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential;. and for this 
Agreement, with respect to Regulatory Approval and First Commercial Sale of 
Licensed Product, means (i) the filing of an IND with the Taiwan Regulatory 
Authority within six months after Kinex provides PharmaEssentia with the 
IND that Kinex has filed with the United States Regulatory Authority, (ii) 
assuming that a 505b2 strategy is allowed by Taiwan FDA, enrollment of at 
least forty (40) patients for the Oraxol program within eighteen (18) 
months after IND is allowed by the Taiwan FDA, (iii) assuming that a 505b2 
strategy is allowed, enrollment of at least forty (40) patients for the 
Oratecan program within 18 months after the IND for Oratecan is allowed by 
the Taiwan FDA, and (iv) the filing of an application for a Free Sale 
Certificate within three (3) months after the approval of an NDA for each 
Licensed Product; provided, however, Kinex shall grant a six month 
extension on each of the foregoing timelines at the reasonable written 
request of PharmaEssentia.

1.14 Completion means, with respect to any Clinical Study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.15 Compound means the pump inhibiting compound known as HM30181A (a 
P-Glycoprotein inhibitor) owned by Hanmi and licensed to Kinex under the 
Hanmi License as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto, and any 
pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, solvates, amides, prodrugs, 
metabolites, and esters of the foregoing, or mixtures thereof.

1.16 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.17 Copyright means the right granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.

1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data 
and/or all other similar documentation necessary or useful for the 
Development or Commercialization of the Compound or Licensed Products.

1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to the Compound or Licensed Products which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of the Compound or 
Licensed Products, including any other pre-launch activities.

1.20 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.21 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.22 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in a regulatory 
jurisdiction.

1.23 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.

1.24 Field means oral dosage pharmaceutical preparations for use in the 
treatment of oncologic indications.

1.25 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in a country in the Territory by PharmaEssentia , its Affiliates or 
sublicensees after receipt of Regulatory Approval in such country or, where 
Regulatory Approval is not required, then the first sale for end use or 
consumption of a Licensed Product to a Third Party in that country in the 
Territory in connection with the nationwide introduction of such Licensed 
Product in that country in the Territory by PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates 
or sublicensees.

1.26 Free Sale Certificate means a document issued by the Regulatory 
Authority of an exporting country certifying that the Licensed Product 
imported by another country is Licensed Product normally and freely sold in 
the exporting countrys open markets and approved for export. In Taiwan, 
the relevant document is called a Certificate of Pharmaceutical Product.

1.27 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a specific Licensed 
Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two (2) 
immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a market 
share in the applicable country of at least thirty percent (30%) of the 
then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and Generic 
Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially introduced in 
such country and the Net Sales by PharmaEssentia of the applicable Licensed 
Product in the applicable country decrease by at least thirty percent (30%) 
with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) 
Calendar Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately preceding the 
beginning of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.28 Generic Product means any pharmaceutical product that is (i) sold by 
a Third Party that is not a licensee or sublicensee of PharmaEssentia or 
its Affiliates or sublicensees, under a marketing authorization granted by 
a Regulatory Authority to such Third Party, (ii) contains the Compound as 
an active pharmaceutical ingredient, and (iii) is approved in reliance on 
the prior approval of a Licensed Product as determined by the applicable 
Regulatory Authority in the applicable country. Generic Product does not 
include any pharmaceutical preparation for an oncologic indication that is 
not delivered by oral dosage.

1.29 Hanmi means Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd., a South Korean 
corporation.

1.30 Hanmi License means the exclusive license from Hanmi to Kinex of the 
Compound in the Territory and elsewhere.
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.31 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board, consistently applied.

1.32 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any of its Affiliates pursuant to activities 
relating to or contemplated by this Agreement during the Agreement Term, 
that are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of 
the Compound or Licensed Products for use in the Field including 
developments in the manufacture, formulation, ingredients, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, indication, 
methods of use or packaging and/or sale of the Compound or Licensed 
Products.

1.33 IND means an Investigational New Drug application similar to what is 
described in the United States in 21 C.F.R. Section 312.23, obtained for 
purposes of conducting Clinical Studies in accordance with the requirements 
of the Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including all 
supplements and amendments thereto relating to the use of the Compound or 
Licensed Products in the Field.

1.34 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).

1.35 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights and 
Trademarks collectively, that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Compound or Licensed Products, including any 
Improvements thereto.

1.36 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.37 Kinex Intellectual Property means the Kinex Patent Rights, Kinex 
Know-How and other Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Kinex or 
any of its Affiliates.

1.38 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex or any of its Affiliates.

1.39 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex, Hanmi or any of their Affiliates as provided in 
Section 6.1, including the Patent Rights owned by Hanmi and licensed to 
Kinex as listed in Schedule 1.2.

1.40 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of the 
Compound or Licensed Product, or any Improvement thereto, in the Field.

1.41 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.42 Licensed Product(s) means Oraxol and Oratecan for use in the 
Territory.
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.43 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.44 NDA means a new drug application in any of the countries in the 
Territory similar to the NDA submitted to the United States Regulatory 
Authority to obtain approval for the marketing of a Licensed Product in the 
United States, together with all subsequent submissions, supplements and 
amendments thereto.

1.45 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less 
the following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales 
amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;

(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product;

(f) bad debt actually included on PharmaEssentias financial statements, 
provided that PharmaEssentia has made Commercially Reasonable Efforts to 
collect on such debts;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(i) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.

All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to the applicable Licensed Product, and, 
to the extent applicable, other products or services of PharmaEssentia or 
its Affiliates or sublicensees such that the
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Licensed Products do not bear a disproportionate portion of such 
deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Sales shall not include sales 
by PharmaEssentia to its Affiliates or sublicensees for resale; provided 
that, if PharmaEssentia sells a Licensed Product to an Affiliate or 
sublicensee for resale, then the Net Sales calculation shall based on the 
higher of (i) the amount invoiced PharmaEssentia to such Affiliate or 
sublicensee or (ii) the amount invoiced by such Affiliate or sublicensee to 
the Third Parties on the resale of such Licensed Product. For purposes of 
this Agreement, sale shall not include transfers or other distributions 
or dispositions of a Licensed Product, at no charge, for regulatory 
purposes, clinical trials, samples, free products or in connection with 
patient assistance programs or other charitable purposes or to physicians 
or hospitals for promotional purposes. A Licensed Product shall be 
considered sold only when billed or invoiced.

1.46 Ongoing Clinical Studies means Clinical Studies with enrolled 
patients that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has 
occurred.

1.47 Oratecan means any oral dosage, chemotherapy drug that contains the 
Compound and Irinotecan as active pharmaceutical ingredients.

1.48 Oraxol means any oral dosage, chemotherapy drug that contains the 
Compound and Paclitaxel as active pharmaceutical ingredients.

1.49 Party means Kinex or PharmaEssentia, as the context may require.

1.50 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

1.51 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof 
that claim or cover the Compound, any Licensed Product or any Improvement, 
including methods of development, manufacture, formulation, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, packaging, sale 
or use thereof.

1.52 PharmaEssentia Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in 
Section 9.1.

1.53 PharmaEssentia Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or 
Controlled by PharmaEssentia as of the Effective Date and during the 
Agreement Term.

1.54 PharmaEssentia Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned 
or Controlled by PharmaEssentia as of the Effective Date and during the 
Agreement Term, including as provided in Section 6.1.

1.55 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the safety or pharmacological effect of a Licensed 
Product in the Field in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy 
requirements of 21 CFR 312.2(a), or its foreign equivalent.
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.56 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the effectiveness of a Licensed Product in the Field 
in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 
312.21(b), or its foreign equivalent.

1.57 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means a pivotal Clinical Study, the 
results of which could be used to establish safety and efficacy of a 
Licensed Product in the Field as a basis for Regulatory Approval or that 
would otherwise satisfy requirements of (i) 21 CFR 312.21(c) or its foreign 
equivalent or (ii) 21 CFR 505(b)(2) or its foreign equivalent.

1.58 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.59 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the Act 
and as interpreted by the Regulatory Authority in each country in the 
Territory.

1.60 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Kinex Know-How and PharmaEssentia Know-How, as applicable, and the 
Data.

1.61 Purchase Invoice Price means the cost to purchase Licensed Products 
based on invoices to PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and sublicensees from 
the manufacturer (including trade discounts, rebates, trade allowance and 
excluding shipping costs, taxes and insurance).

1.62 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.

1.63 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.

1.64 Sales Invoice Price means the sales price invoiced by PharmaEssentia 
or its Affiliates or sublicensees to Third Parties for a Licensed Product.

1.65 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
any successor agency having substantially the same functions.

1.66 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a 
Licensed Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two 
(2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a 
market share in the applicable country of at least sixty percent (60%) of 
the then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Generic Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially 
introduced in such country and Net Sales of the applicable Licensed Product 
by PharmaEssentia in the applicable country decrease by at least sixty 
percent (60%) with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over 
such two (2) Calendar Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately 
preceding the beginning of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.67 Territory means Taiwan and Singapore. All other countries are 
expressly excluded and retained by Kinex.

1.68 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.

1.69 Trademark means the trademark(s) for which either Party has sought 
registration and all related service marks, domain names and other 
trademark related rights that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field.

1.70 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.


ARTICLE 2
GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 Grants by Kinex. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Kinex hereby grants to PharmaEssentia (a) an exclusive right and license 
throughout the Territory (and with the right to grant sublicenses, with the 
prior written permission of Kinex which consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld) in and to the Kinex Intellectual Property, to develop, label, 
package, import, export, promote, distribute, make, use, sell, offer for 
sale, register, commercialize and otherwise exploit the Licensed Product(s) 
in the Field, and (b) a non-exclusive right to manufacture, and to have an 
Affiliate or Third Party manufacture, the Compounds in the Territory but 
solely for use in the Licensed Products and for the purposes listed in 
2.1(a) in the Territory; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the 
exclusive rights granted to PharmaEssentia hereunder, Kinex shall retain 
the right to use the Kinex Intellectual Property in the Territory other 
than for the promotion, distribution, sale, offer for sale, registration, 
or commercialization of Licensed Product(s) in the Field. Any Affiliates of 
PharmaEssentia exercising any rights of PharmaEssentia under this Agreement 
shall be located within the Territory; provided, however, that 
PharmaEssentia may use Affiliates or Third Parties located outside the 
Territory to assist in the development of the Licensed Products with the 
prior written consent of Kinex which consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld. With respect to sales to Third Party distributors or other 
parties purchasing Licensed Product for resale, PharmaEssentia shall use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to restrict such resales within the 
Territory, to the extent permitted by law.
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A prior written approval of Kinex is required if PharmaEssentia will have a 
Third Party manufacture the Compound or Licensed Product(s) in the 
Territory; provided, however, that Kinex shall, upon a written request from 
PharmaEssentia, provide PharmaEssentia with the information on, access to, 
and/or assist with the execution by PharmaEssentia of agreements with, one 
or more manufacturers used by Kinex to manufacture the Licensed Products, 
and any and all such manufacturers shall be deemed to have been approved by 
Kinex for use by PharmaEssentia. If Kinex manufactures the Licensed 
Products internally, it shall, upon a written request from PharmaEssentia, 
manufacture the Licensed Products for PharmaEssentia and sell to 
PharmaEssentia at prices comparable to the price which would be charged by 
a Third Party manufacturer in the country of manufacture by Kinex.

2.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to PharmaEssentia under this Agreement are reserved and retained by 
Kinex. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of 
any license or other right to either Party, to or in respect of any 
product, patent, trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other 
data or any other Intellectual Property of the other Party, except as set 
forth under this Agreement. Kinex expressly reserves and retains the right 
to develop or manufacture Licensed Products within the Territory for sale 
outside the Territory.

2.3 Second Right of Negotiation. While Hanmi has exclusively licensed Kinex 
to Development and Commercialize Oraxol and/or Oratecan in the Mainland 
China, Kinex must offer Hanmi a right of first negotiations for Hanmi to 
purchase back such right under certain circumstances (First Right) as set 
forth in a License Agreement entered into by and between Hanmi and Kinex 
dated June 28, 2013. Kinex hereby grants to PharmaEssentia the right to 
obtain a sublicense from Kinex for the Development and Commercialization of 
Oraxol and/or Oratecan in the Mainland China if and when Hanmi waives the 
First Right or the period for it to exercise the First Right expires (
Second Right). If Hanmi waives the First Right or does not exercise the 
First Right when the period expires, Kinex shall notify PharmaEssentia in 
writing of the same. PharmaEssentia shall have five (5) days to deliver a 
written notice to Kinex of its intent to enter into negotiations to obtain 
a sublicense from for the Development and Commercialization of Oraxol 
and/or Oratecan as applicable in the Mainland China. If the Parties fail to 
reach a consensus on the sublicense terms and conditions within forty-five 
(45) days after PharmaEssentias receipt of Kinexs written notification 
regarding the waiver or expiry of the First Right, then Kinex shall be free 
to Develop and Commercialize Oraxol and/or Oratecan as applicable by itself 
or sublicense a Third Party to do so in the Mainland China.


ARTICLE 3
INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
REGULATORY MATTERS

3.1 Information and Transfer of Kinex Intellectual Property. As soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the 
Effective Date, Kinex shall disclose and deliver to PharmaEssentia 
electronic copies (or, upon PharmaEssentia s written request, hard copy of 
the originals) in the English language of all Data necessary for and/or 
related to the Development and/or Commercialization in the Territory. In 
addition to the foregoing, Kinex shall provide PharmaEssentia with such 
assistance as PharmaEssentia may reasonably request in
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
writing (at PharmaEssentias cost and expenses) in connection with the 
foregoing disclosures, including making available, at PharmaEssentias 
place of business (or such other location as the Parties may mutually agree 
upon), the assistance of such persons that were involved with the Kinex 
Intellectual Property.

3.2 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. PharmaEssentia shall be responsible for and shall itself, or 
through its Affiliates or Third Parties, conduct Development and 
Commercialization in the Territory in the Field during the term of this 
Agreement. Within 60 days after the Effective Date, PharmaEssentia shall 
prepare a draft plan and budget (in English) for Development and 
Commercialization in each of the countries within the Territory and submit 
such draft plan to the Steering Committee (as defined in Section 3.4) which 
will agree on and oversee the plan for Development and Commercialization 
(the Development Plan) during the term of this Agreement. If 
PharmaEssentia fails to (i) file an IND with the Taiwan Regulatory 
Authority within six months after Kinex provides it with the IND that Kinex 
has filed with the United States Regulatory Authority, (ii) assuming that a 
505b2 strategy is allowed by Taiwan FDA, enrollment of at least forty (40) 
patients for the Oraxol program within eighteen (18) months after IND is 
allowed by the Taiwan FDA, (iii) assuming that a 505b2 strategy is allowed, 
enrollment of at least forty (40) patients for the Oratecan program within 
18 months after the IND for Oratecan is allowed by the Taiwan FDA, and (iv) 
file an application for a Free Sale Certificate within three (3) months 
after the approval of an NDA for each Licensed Product, all rights and 
licenses under this Agreement shall immediately terminate, provided, 
however, Kinex shall grant a six month extension on any of the foregoing 
timelines at the reasonable written request of PharmaEssentia prior to any 
termination of this Agreement.

(b) Summary Reports. Within ninety (90) days of the end of the first 
Calendar Year (i.e., 2014) following the Effective Date and each year 
thereafter during the term of this Agreement, PharmaEssentia shall provide 
Kinex with a written summary of Development and Commercialization 
undertaken on a country by country basis during the then current Calendar 
Year consistent with written reports issued by PharmaEssentia in the 
ordinary course of its business.

(c) Clinical Studies. PharmaEssentia will be responsible for, and conduct 
and administer at its sole cost and expense, all the studies required for 
Regulatory Approval in each of countries within the Territory. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Phase 1 study is required by Taiwan FDA 
(instead of a direct 505b2 approach), Kinex shall reimburse PharmaEssentia 
for all Third Party costs and expense incurred by PharmaEssentia for up to 
sixteen (16) patients in connection with the conduct of any Phase I 
Clinical Study required by the Taiwan Regulatory Authority for the first 
IND filed with the Taiwan Regulatory Authority. Specifically, 
PharmaEssentia will:

(i) conduct all Clinical Studies in the Territory for both Oraxol and 
Oratecan in support of the clinical strategy under the Development Plan; 
and

(ii) participate in the Phase III Studies for Oraxol and Oratecan in such a 
manner in conjunction with Kinex which will support PharmaEssentias 
application for the Regulatory Approval of Licensed Product in each of the 
countries within the Territory.
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Any failure to comply with the foregoing will be considered a breach of 
this Agreement.

(d) Referencing Data. The Data and results of any Clinical Studies or other 
studies conducted by a Party or its ex-Territory partners shall be made 
available to the other Party for referencing at no cost to the requesting 
Party for the Regulatory Approval filing purposes, and each Party hereby 
grants to the other Party a right to use such Data for the Development and 
Commercialization of the Compounds and Licensed Products, provided, however
, that with respect to the right granted to PharmaEssentia, such right 
shall be limited to the Development and Commercialization of the Compounds 
and the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory. Each Party shall 
make such Data and results of any Clinical Studies available to the other 
Party in the English language within forty-five (45) days of receipt of 
such Data or results of any Clinical Studies.

(e) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. PharmaEssentia 
shall be responsible for all costs associated with the Development and 
Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Territory. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, (i) PharmaEssentia shall 
reimburse Kinex for the direct costs incurred by Kinex in carrying out any 
Development within the Territory that has been authorized or approved in 
writing in advance by PharmaEssentia and is for the benefits of 
PharmaEssentia, and (ii) Kinex shall be responsible for all costs 
associated with the issuance of a Free Sale Certificate by the Regulatory 
Authority of Taiwan after the Regulatory Approval.

(f) Records. Under this Agreement, PharmaEssentia shall maintain records, 
in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent 
and regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, 
which shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall 
fully and properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including 
all Know-How and including individual case report forms, in the form 
required by applicable Laws.

(g) Promotional Materials and Activities. PharmaEssentia shall create and 
develop the advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products 
in the Territory with the written approval of Kinex (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld). As the holder of the Regulatory Approvals in the 
Territory, PharmaEssentia shall be responsible for all submissions and 
interactions with the Regulatory Authorities regarding the Licensed 
Product-related promotional materials that require the Regulatory Approval.

(h) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. Kinex retains all rights to 
establish a global brand for each of the Licensed Products and shall own 
all Copyrights and Trademarks for the Licensed Products in the Territory; 
provided, however, that Kinex shall grant PharmaEssentia to use such 
Copyrights and Trademarks to Develop and Commercialize the Licensed 
Products in the Territory free of charge, unless otherwise provided for in 
this Agreement. PharmaEssentia shall be responsible for searching, clearing 
and filing applications for registration of all such Trademarks at its sole 
cost in accordance with Kinexs global branding strategy. Kinex shall 
execute all documents and take all actions as are reasonably requested in 
writing by PharmaEssentia with respect to such filings and registrations.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Sales of Licensed Products. All sales of the Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by PharmaEssentia. All terms 
regarding the Licensed Product sales, including terms respecting credit, 
pricing, cash discounts, rebates, chargebacks, bad debt write-offs, and 
other fees and charges, and returns and allowances shall be set solely by 
PharmaEssentia.

(j) Compliance with Laws. PharmaEssentia shall in all material respects 
comply with all applicable laws and applicable guidelines concerning the 
advertising, sales and marketing of prescription drug products in 
Commercializing the Licensed Products in the Territory, including without 
limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (
FCPA) and any applicable local anti-bribery laws. PharmaEssentia 
represents and warrants to Kinex that, (i) as of the Effective Date, 
PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates have a system of internal accounting 
controls in place that are sufficient to provide reasonable assurances of 
compliance as required by the FCPA, and (ii) PharmaEssentia shall obligate 
its Affiliates that engage in the Development or Commercialization of the 
Licensed Products to do the same; to bring any non-compliance therewith 
(should it ever occur) to PharmaEssentias attention; and to promptly 
remedy any such non-compliance. PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates shall 
maintain such procedures throughout the term of this Agreement and shall 
promptly notify Kinex in writing with respect to any material 
non-compliance (other than non-compliance of the FCPA which shall be 
without regard to materiality) regarding the Commercialization of the 
Licensed Products.

(k) Supply of Licensed Product. Kinex shall supply PharmaEssentia free of 
charge, in accordance with regulatory requirements and as requested in 
writing by PharmaEssentia, the Licensed Products that are sufficient for 
the Clinical Studies (up to 80 patients) in the Territory.

3.3 Regulatory Matters.

(a) PharmaEssentias Responsibility.

From and after the Effective Date, PharmaEssentia shall:

(i) have sole authority and responsibility for the timely preparation, 
filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, authorizations or 
approvals with the Regulatory Authorities, and shall own and control all 
such filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals, including any IND, 
NDA or other Drug Approval Application in the Territory; and provide Kinex 
with copies of all such filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals 
upon reasonable written request of Kinex, at PharmaEssentias sole cost and 
expense.

(ii) be the primary contact with each Regulatory Authority in the Territory 
and solely responsible for all communications with each Regulatory 
Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, or other Drug Approval Application 
in the Territory, provided, however, that upon the reasonable written 
request of PharmaEssentia, Kinex shall provide
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
appropriate personnel to participate in discussions with a Regulatory 
Authority, at PharmaEssentias cost and expense, regarding the regulatory 
review process and shall assist and advise PharmaEssentia in and on the 
application for the Regulatory Approval.

(iii) from and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, have the 
exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or amendments 
necessary to maintain the Regulatory Approvals and seek revisions of the 
conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory, if necessary, 
and keep Kinex informed of any such actions, and have the sole authority 
and responsibility to seek and/or obtain any necessary approvals of any 
Product Label, or prescribing information, package inserts, monographs and 
packaging used in connection with any Licensed Product, as well as 
promotional material used in connection with any Licensed Product, and 
determine whether the same requires Regulatory Approval in the Territory.

(iv) with respect to each Licensed Product, be responsible to obtain and 
provide to Kinex, at Kinexs cost and expense, a Certificate of 
Pharmaceutical Product from the Regulatory Authority in the Territory, 
after Kinex has obtained the Regulatory Approval for the Commercialization 
of the applicable Licensed Product in any countries outside the Territory, 
including the responsibility to prepare and submit all applications and 
other filings to the Regulatory Authority, and be the primary contact for 
communications with such Regulatory Authority.

(b) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible concerning adverse 
drug reactions, safety information and compliance with regulatory 
requirements. PharmaEssentia is responsible for providing any such data to 
Kinex that is required by the United States Regulatory Authority. The 
Parties hereby agree that they will each make Commercially Reasonable 
Efforts in coordinating their respective regulatory, Development and 
Commercialization efforts.

(c) Pharmocovigilence. During the term of this Agreement, each of the 
Parties will notify appropriate Regulatory Authorities in accordance with 
applicable law, and the other Party, promptly after receipt of information 
with respect to any serious adverse event (as defined by the ICH Harmonized 
Tripartite Guideline on Clinical Safety Data Management), directly or 
indirectly attributable to the use or application of any Compound or 
Licensed Product.

(d) Product Recalls. If any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction in the 
Territory requests to recall a Licensed Product due to a defect in the 
manufacture, processing, packaging or labeling of such Licensed Product or 
for any other reason, PharmaEssentia shall immediately notify Kinex. 
PharmaEssentia shall have the sole right and responsibility, at its 
expense, to initiate all recall procedures required or requested by such 
Regulatory Agency. PharmaEssentia shall be responsible, at its expense, for 
carrying out any such recall as expeditiously as possible and in such a way 
in order to cause the least disruption to the sales of the Licensed Product 
and preserve the goodwill and reputation of PharmaEssentia and Kinex. 
PharmaEssentia agrees to maintain the appropriate record and procedures to 
permit the recall of the Licensed Product.
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.4 Appointment and Administration of Steering Committee

(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and in no 
event later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties 
will establish a four (4) person steering committee to oversee and review 
the Development and Commercialization of the Products in the Territory, 
which will include two (2) representatives appointed by PharmaEssentia and 
two (2) appointed by Kinex (the Steering Committee) and be chaired by one 
of the representatives of PharmaEssentia. All actions, decisions and 
approvals of the Steering Committee shall be unanimous. The representatives 
appointed by each Party shall include at least a senior officer of such 
Party who is either (i) responsible for product development, or (ii) has 
substantial experience in product development for similar products who is 
acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its sole discretion, may at 
any time during the term of this Agreement replace any representative it 
has appointed upon prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party 
shall procure its respective representatives to attend all meetings of the 
Steering Committee. Each Party will bear the travel and out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by its representatives in connection with the Steering 
Committees meetings.

(b) The Steering Committee will meet at least once every Calendar Quarter 
on the dates and at times and places as agreed in writing by the Parties. 
The Steering Committee may also convene or be polled or consulted from time 
to time by means of telecommunications, video conferences or 
correspondence, as deemed by the Parties to be necessary or appropriate.

(c) If there is a disagreement within the Steering Committee, the members 
of the Steering Committee shall promptly present the disagreement to the 
executive of each of PharmaEssentia and Kinex who has the principal 
responsibility for his respective companys work under this Agreement. Once 
informed, such executives shall meet to discuss each Partys view and to 
explain the basis for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to 
resolve such dispute with thirty (30) days of such meeting, then (i) such 
dispute shall be submitted to a panel of three independent experts agreed 
upon by PharmaEssentia and Kinex if it is a clinical dispute, (ii) such 
dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if it involves the interpretation 
or enforcement of this Agreement, (iii) for all disputes not covered by (i) 
or (ii) that are applicable only to issues in the Territory, then 
PharmaEssentias decision will be final and binding or (iv) for all 
disputes not covered by (i) or (ii) that are applicable to issues both 
within and outside the Territory, then Kinexs decision will be final and 
binding.. Any arbitration shall be conducted in English in Hong Kong in 
accordance with commercial arbitration rules of the International Chamber 
of Commerce.

(d) The Steering Committee will have the authority to approve (i) the 
Development Plan and any amendment thereto, (ii) the protocols for Clinical 
Trials of the Licensed Products (including patient selection), (iii) any 
and all contracts relating to the Development of the Licensed Product, (iv) 
the formulation used in respect of the Licensed Product, and (v) any and 
all contracts relating to the Commercialization of Licensed Product.
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 4
PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

4.1 Milestone Fees. In consideration of the rights granted by Kinex 
hereunder, PharmaEssentia shall pay Kinex the following milestone fees, 
contingent upon occurrence of the specified events, with each milestone fee 
to be paid no more than once with respect to the achievement of the 
relevant milestone event:
 
 (a)
   	Effective Date 	   	  	US$50,000 	  
 (b)
   	Initiation anywhere in the Territory of 505b2 strategy registration 
studies or one Phase III Clinical Study for the regular NDA approval 
process 	   	  	US$*** 	  
 (c)
   	Filing of an NDA for the Regulatory Approval for Oraxol in any country 
in the Territory 	   	  	US$*** 	  
 (d)
   	Filing of an NDA for the Regulatory Approval for Oratecan in any 
country in the Territory 	   	  	US$*** 	  
 (e)
   	Regulatory Approval of all the Licensed Products in the Territory 	   	
  	US$*** 	  

Except that the first milestone fee in US$50,000 shall be paid on the 
Effective Date, all the other milestone fees shall be paid by 
PharmaEssentia within sixty (60) days after the achievement of the relevant 
milestone event. Once a milestone event occurs, all the earlier milestones 
events will be deemed to have occurred, and any payment for such earlier 
milestones shall be due and payable to the extent they have not already 
been paid. If Phase III Clinical Study is required by the Taiwan Regulatory 
Authority for Oraxol for the regular NDA registration process, the payment 
for the Regulatory Approval for the first Licensed Product (Milestone) will 
be reduced by 50%, i.e to USD ***.

4.2 Incentive Payments. To provide incentive to PharmaEssentia to achieve 
the milestone events set forth in this Agreement, Kinex shall pay to 
PharmaEssentia:

(a) US$*** if PharmaEssentia completes Phase II or 505b2 studies Clinical 
Studies for at least eighty (80) patients within thirty (30) months 
following the Effective Date; and

(b) US$*** if a Free Sale Certificate is issued by the Taiwan Regulatory 
Authority within 12 months of the Regulatory Approval in Taiwan (the 
amounts stated in (a) and (b) above, collectively referred to as 
Incentive Payments).

Kinex shall pay PharmaEssentia the Incentive Payment(s) within ninety (90) 
days of the occurrence of the relevant milestone event(s).

4.3 Royalties.

(a) In consideration of the rights granted by Kinex hereunder, in addition 
to the milestone fees stipulated under Section 4.1 above, PharmaEssentia 
shall pay Kinex an annual royalty equivalent to ***% of the aggregate Net 
Sales generated in any Calendar Year (Royalties).

(b) The royalty rate set forth above shall be reduced to ***% for any 
Licensed Product sold in any country in which the Generic Competition 
exists for such Licensed Product; and shall be reduced to zero (0) if the 
Substantial Level Generic Competition exists for such Licensed Product in a 
country.
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) If PharmaEssentia does not manufacture the Licensed Products and 
PharmaEssentias Purchase Invoice Price exceeds the following percentages 
of Sales Invoice Price for all Licensed Products invoiced during any 
Calendar Quarter by PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and sublicensees, then 
the ***% royalty rate set forth in (a) above shall be reduced for such 
Calendar Quarter as follows:

(i) If the Purchase Invoice Price exceeds ***% of the Sales Invoice Price 
on the first US$1M of Net Sales for the relevant Calendar Year, the royalty 
rate will be reduced by a percentage calculated as ***% minus the 
percentage by which the Purchase Invoice Price exceeds ***% of the Sales 
Invoice Price; and

(ii) With respect to all annual Net Sales in excess of US$1M, if the 
Purchase Invoice Price exceeds ***% of the Sales Invoice Price, the royalty 
rate will be reduced by a percentage calculated as ***% minus the 
percentage by which the Purchase Invoice Price exceeds ***% of the Sales 
Invoice Price.

The quantity of the Licensed Products that should be included in the 
calculation of the Purchase Invoice Price for the applicable Calendar 
Quarter shall be equal to the quantity of the Licensed Products included in 
the calculation of the Sales Invoice Price for the applicable Calendar 
Quarter. Inventory of the Licensed Products held by PharmaEssentia shall be 
included in any calculation for purposes of this Section on a FIFO basis 
(first in first out).

If the Purchase Invoice Price exceeds 20% of the Sales Invoice Price for 
any Calendar Quarter during the first five years of the Net Sales, Kinex 
shall have the option to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to 
PharmaEssentia and payment to PharmaEssentia of an amount equal to all 
milestone fees previously paid by PharmaEssentia to Kinex minus all 
Incentive Payments previously paid by Kinex to PharmaEssentia.

4.4 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within sixty (60) days following the end of each 
Calendar Quarter that Royalties are payable by PharmaEssentia to Kinex, 
PharmaEssentia shall submit to Kinex a written report containing, with 
respect to such Calendar Quarter and for the then-current Calendar Year 
through the end of such Calendar Quarter, an accounting on a 
country-by-country basis of gross sales, Net Sales of PharmaEssentia, its 
Affiliates and sublicensees, Purchase Invoice Price, Sales Invoice Price, 
and Royalties, payable in accordance with Section 4.3(a) to (c) for such 
Calendar Quarter, with a breakdown of all deductions taken in any such 
calculations, in accordance with the definition of Net Sales. Any 
conversion to United States Dollars shall be calculated in accordance with 
Section 4.5(c). In the event of any royalty reduction during any Calendar 
Quarter due to Generic Competition in any country in the Territory, the 
report for such Calendar Quarter shall also show the basis for the 
determination of such Generic Competition. Royalties shown to have accrued 
by each report shall be due and payable within thirty (30) days from the 
date on which such report is due.
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) PharmaEssentia shall continue to furnish Kinex a written report on a 
country-by-country basis for the next four Calendar Quarters after 
Royalties are no longer payable in a country within thirty (30) days 
following the date on which the Royalties would have become due, and shall 
state the basis for PharmaEssentias exemption of the Royalties. 
PharmaEssentia shall thereafter have no further obligation to include in a 
report the Net Sales of such Licensed Product in such country for purposes 
of the royalty calculation for any Calendar Quarter. This obligation shall 
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

(c) Each Party shall keep and shall require its Affiliates and sublicensees 
to keep complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to permit 
accurate determination of all amounts and calculation and verification of 
all payment obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a period of 36 
months from the end of the relevant Calendar Quarter.

4.5 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
United States Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds 
to an account designated by each of Kinex and PharmaEssentia, as 
applicable.

(b) Withholding Taxes. With respect to the milestone fees, PharmaEssentia 
shall act as the tax agent of Kinex and make all required withholding or 
other tax payments to, and file all appropriate tax form with, the 
Taiwanese taxing authority(ies) at Kinexs expense.

With respect to all other payments under this Agreement, the payor may 
deduct the amount of any taxes imposed on the payee which are required to 
be withheld or collected by the payor, its Affiliates or sublicensees under 
the laws, rules or regulations of any country on amounts owing hereunder. 
Any such taxes required to be withheld or collected shall be an expense of 
the payee.

The payee shall provide the payor any tax forms that may be reasonably 
necessary in order for the payor to not withhold tax or to withhold tax at 
a reduced rate, and the payor shall apply the reduced rate of withholding, 
or dispense with withholding, as the case may be, if permitted by law. Each 
Party shall provide the other with reasonable assistance to enable the 
recovery, as permitted by applicable laws, of withholding taxes, value 
added taxes, and similar obligations resulting form payments made under 
this Agreement, such recovery to be for the benefit of the Party bearing 
such withholding tax or value added tax. If the payor, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees pays such withholding taxes to the appropriate governmental 
authority on behalf of the payee, the payor shall deliver to the payee the 
proof of payment of such taxes as soon as possible.

(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing the Royalties, the Net 
Sales shall be converted to United States Dollars using the year-to-date 
average rate of exchange for United States Dollars used by PharmaEssentia 
for its internal financial accounting purposes; provided, however, that if 
for any reason conversion into United States Dollars cannot be made in a 
country in the Territory, then notwithstanding the provisions of Section 
4.5(a), payment may be made in the currency of such country by deposit in 
the name of Kinex in a bank account designated by Kinex in such country.
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Except as otherwise defined herein, all financial calculations by 
either Party under this Agreement shall be in accordance with IFRS. In 
addition, all calculations shall give pro rata effect and be proportionally 
adjusted (by giving effect to the number of applicable days in such 
Calendar Quarter).

4.6 Audits. Upon the written request of Kinex, PharmaEssentia shall permit 
an independent certified public accounting firm of recognized standing, 
selected by Kinex and reasonably acceptable by PharmaEssentia (provided 
that such accounting firm shall not be retained or compensated on a 
contingency basis and shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement 
with PharmaEssentia in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
PharmaEssentia), to have access not more than once in any Calendar Year, 
during normal business hours, to such of the records of PharmaEssentia as 
may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the reports under 
Section 4.4 hereof for any Calendar Year ending not more than twenty-four 
(24) months prior to the date of such request. The accounting firm shall 
disclose to Kinex whether the reports are correct or incorrect, the 
specific details concerning any discrepancies (including the accuracy of 
the calculation of Net Sales and the resulting effect of such calculations 
on the amounts payable by PharmaEssentia under this Agreement), and such 
other information that should properly be contained in a report required 
under this Agreement (the Audit Report)

(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed for 
such Calendar Year, and PharmaEssentia agrees in writing with such 
conclusion, then the PharmaEssentia shall pay the additional payments, 
together with interest at the Prime Rate on the amount of such additional 
payments, within thirty (30) days of the date on which Kinex delivers the 
Audit Report to PharmaEssentia. If such accounting firm concludes that 
amounts were overpaid by PharmaEssentia during such Calendar Year, Kinex 
shall refund PharmaEssentia the amount of such overpayment, together with 
interest at the Prime Rate on the amount of such overpayment, within thirty 
(30) days of the date on which Kinex delivers the Audit Report to 
PharmaEssentia. The fees charged by such accounting firm shall be paid by 
Kinex; provided, however, that if the underpayment exceeds five percent 
(5%), then the fees and expenses of the accounting firm shall be paid by 
PharmaEssentia.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty-four (24) months following the end of any 
Calendar Year for which PharmaEssentia or Kinex has made payment in full of 
amounts payable with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence 
or willful misconduct of PharmaEssentia or Kinex or a contrary finding by 
an accounting firm pursuant to Section 4.6(a), such calculation shall be 
binding and conclusive upon PharmaEssentia and Kinex, and PharmaEssentia or 
Kinex, as applicable, shall be released from any liability or 
accountability with respect to royalties or other payments for such year.
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 5
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and is in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, is 
qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation 
in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the ownership 
of its properties requires such qualification and failure to have such 
would prevent it from performing its obligations under this Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in 
effect having applicability to it or any provision of its charter or 
bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or constitute a default under any other 
agreement to which such Party is a party;

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;

(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, consents and approvals, 
governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys obligations under this 
Agreement;

(f) Neither Party, nor any of its Affiliates, are a party to, or are 
otherwise bound by, any oral or written contract that will result in any 
person or entity obtaining any interest in, or that would give to any Third 
Party any right to assert any claim in or with respect to, any of such 
Partys or the other Partys rights under this Agreement, other than those 
restrictions under Hanmi License as expressly stated in this Agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.

5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Kinex. Kinex represents 
and warrants to PharmaEssentia that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, to the knowledge of Kinex, 
(i) there is no Third Party infringement of any of the Kinex Intellectual 
Property; and (ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is in full force where 
filed; (iii) the Kinex Patent Rights where filed are not subject to any 
pending or threatened re-examination, re-issue, opposition, interference, 
challenge, litigation proceeding or other claim, and (iv) Kinex has only 
filed or prosecuted patent applications with respect to the Kinex 
Intellectual Property in the countries in the Territory as set forth on 
Schedule 1.2 to this Agreement;
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) To the knowledge of Kinex, Kinex has not committed any act, or omitted 
to commit any act, that may cause the Kinex Patent Rights where filed to 
expire prematurely or be declared invalid or unenforceable, or that stops 
Kinex from enforcing the Kinex Patent Rights where filed against any Third 
Party;

(c) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Kinex has the right to 
use and disclose and enable PharmaEssentia to use and disclose (in each 
case under appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Kinex Know-How; 
and (ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, 
lien, license or claim of ownership by any Third Party in the Territory, 
other than those under Hanmi License;

(d) Kinex shall not assign, transfer, encumber or grant rights in or with 
respect to the Kinex Intellectual Property inconsistent with the rights 
granted to PharmaEssentia under this Agreement; and

(e) The Data and information provided to PharmaEssentia or its Affiliates 
prior to the Effective Date relating to pre-clinical studies in the Field 
related to Compound has been accurate in all respects to the knowledge of 
Kinex and Kinex has not knowingly made any misrepresentation or omission in 
connection with such Data and information. Kinex has also provided 
PharmaEssentia or its Affiliates with access to summaries of all adverse 
events known to Kinex relating to the Compound.

5.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of PharmaEssentia. 
PharmaEssentia represents and warrants to Kinex that:

(a) PharmaEssentia shall not assign, transfer, encumber or grant rights in 
or with respect to the PharmaEssentia Intellectual Property inconsistent 
with the rights granted to Kinex under this Agreement.


ARTICLE 6
PATENT MATTERS

6.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement:

(i) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights granted to PharmaEssentia under 
this Agreement. Kinex will also have all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated solely by its employees and/or agents as a result of the 
Development that are necessary or useful for the Development and/or 
Commercialization of the licensed Products; provided, however, during the 
term of this Agreement, PharmaEssentia shall have the right to use and 
sublicense such Intellectual Property, free of charge, with respect to the 
Licensed Products in the Territory.
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) PharmaEssentia shall have and retain all right, title and interest in 
or Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder; PharmaEssentia Patent Rights) which is discovered, made, 
first conceived, reduced to practice or generated solely by its employees, 
agents and/or other persons as a result of the Development that are 
necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of the 
Licensed Products; provided, however, during the term of this Agreement, 
Kinex shall have the right to use and sublicense such Intellectual 
Property, free of charge, in relation to any products containing the 
Compound (or any other compound for oral dosage) as an active 
pharmaceutical ingredient within and outside the Territory other than for 
the Licensed Products within the Territory.

(iii) Any Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising thereunder) 
which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice or 
generated jointly by the Parties shall be jointly owned by the Parties. 
PharmaEssentia shall have the right to use and sublicense such Intellectual 
Property, free of charge, with respect to the Licensed Products in the 
Territory. Kinex shall have the right to use and sublicense such 
Intellectual Property, free of charge, in relation to any products 
containing the Compound (or any other compound for oral dosage) as an 
active pharmaceutical ingredient within and outside the Territory other 
than for the Licensed Products within the Territory during the term of this 
Agreement and thereafter Kinex shall also be able to use and sublicense 
such Intellectual Property for the Licensed Products within the Territory.

(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Kinex and PharmaEssentia shall require 
all of its and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and 
corresponding patent applications that are discovered, made, first 
conceived, reduced to practice or generated by such employees for the 
performance of this Agreement to Kinex or PharmaEssentia according to the 
ownership principles described in Section 6.1(a). Each Party shall use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to require any Third Parties working on any 
Clinical Study or any Development or who receive materials relating to the 
Licensed Product or Know-How from a Party, to assign ownership or grant a 
sublicenseable exclusive license on a fully paid-up, royalty-free basis to 
all inventions and corresponding Patent Rights that are developed, made or 
conceived by such Third parties for the performance of this Agreement to 
Kinex or PharmaEssentia according to the ownership principles described in 
Section 6.1(a).

6.2 Maintenance and Prosecution.

(a) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the right to file, prosecute and 
maintain the Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs name within and outside the 
Territory, using patent counsel selected by Kinex and shall be responsible 
for the payment of all patent prosecution and maintenance costs. Kinex will 
inform PharmaEssentia on the patent applications in the Territory. As of 
the Effective Date, Kinex is the exclusive licensee under Hanmi License of 
the patents and patent applications set forth in Schedule 1.2 to this 
Agreement. If Kinex elects not to prosecute or maintain a patent 
application or patent included in the Kinex Patent Rights in the Territory, 
it shall provide PharmaEssentia with no less than forty-five (45) days 
written advance notice sufficient to avoid any loss or forfeiture, and, 
subject to Kinexs written consent, PharmaEssentia shall then have the 
right, but not the obligation, at its sole expense, to maintain such Patent 
Rights in its name in the Territory.
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) PharmaEssentia Patent Rights. PharmaEssentia shall have the right to 
file, prosecute and maintain the PharmaEssentia Patent Rights in 
PharmaEssentias name within and outside the Territory, using patent 
counsel selected by PharmaEssentia and shall be responsible for the payment 
of all patent prosecution and maintenance costs. PharmaEssentia will inform 
Kinex on the patent applications within and outside the Territory. If 
PharmaEssentia elects not to file, prosecute or maintain a patent 
application or patent included in the PharmaEssentia Patent Rights within 
or outside the Territory, it shall provide Kinex with no less than 
forty-five (45) days written advance notice sufficient to avoid any loss 
or forfeitt.re, and Kinex shall then have the right, but not the 
obligation, at its sole expense, to file, prosecute or maintain such Patent 
Right in its name.

(c) The Parties shall mutually agree on the filing, prosecution and 
maintenance of any patent application or patent included in the Patent 
Rights under Section 6.1(a)(iii) within or outside the Territory.

(d) The responsible Party under this Section 6.2hall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within and 
outside the Territory resulting from the Development in reasonably 
sufficient time prior to the filing thereof, and the responsible Party 
shall take into account the other Partys reasonable comments related 
thereto. Each Party shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by the other Party with respect to any filings and 
registrations.

6.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory of any patent 
included in the Kinex Patent Rights or PharmaEssentia Patent Rights 
relating to the Compound or Licensed Products (collectively, the Parties 
Patent Rights), which comes to such Partys attention. In addition, 
PharmaEssentia shall promptly give Kinex notice of any actual or suspected 
infringement by a Third Party outside the Territory of any patent included 
in the Parties Patent Rights. The Parties shall thereafter consult and 
cooperate to determine a course of action, including the commencement of 
legal action but only with respect to any infringement within the 
Territory.

(b) Kinex shall have the first right, either directly or through its 
Affiliates or licensees, to initiate and prosecute such legal action in the 
Territory at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or PharmaEssentia 
, or to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the 
Territory relating to the Parties Patent Rights, and Kinex shall provide 
PharmaEssentia with reasonable notice of any such action it commences and 
keep PharmaEssentia reasonably informed of any significant developments in 
such action. PharmaEssentia shall render, at its expense (including 
reasonable attorneys fees), all assistance reasonably requested in 
connection with any action taken by Kinex or to prevent such infringement. 
However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate any 
legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under the 
control of Kinex; provided that Kinex shall not settle any such claim or 
proceeding in a manner that materially adversely affects PharmaEssentias 
rights under this Agreement or which financial results in any material 
monetary payment by or loss to PharmaEssentia, without the prior written 
consent of PharmaEssentia, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) If Kinex notifies PharmaEssentia that it elects not to initiate and 
prosecute an infringement or defend a declaratory judgment action in any 
country in the Territory as provided in Section 6.3(b), then PharmaEssentia 
may elect, which election shall be subject to the prior written consent of 
Kinex to take such action that is reasonably necessary and appropriate to 
terminate or prevent such infringement, including instituting an 
infringement proceeding, provided, however, that PharmaEssentia shall not 
enter into any settlement or compromise of any claim relating to the 
Parties Patent Blights licensed hereunder or which results in any material 
monetary payment by or financial loss to Kinex, without Kinexs prior 
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right, either directly or through its 
Affiliates or licensees to initiate and prosecute any legal action outside 
the Territory with respect to the Kinex Patent Rights at its own expense or 
to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action outside the 
Territory.

(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.3, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party shall join such action and 
execute all documents necessary for the former Party to prosecute, defend 
and maintain such action. In connection with any such action, the Parties 
will cooperate fully and will provide each other with any information or 
assistance that either reasonably may request. Any recovery or award 
obtained by either Party as a result of any action or settlement commenced 
with respect to infringement within the Territory shall be shared as 
follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecute , or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;

(ii) if there are any additional funds after the payment set forth in 
subsection (i) has been made, the other Party may recover its reasonably 
documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside attorneys 
fees) incurred in connection with the action;

(iii) if Kinex initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, the 
action outside the Territory, the amount of any recovery remaining then 
shall be retained by Kinex; and

(iv) if PharmaEssentia or Kinex initiate and prosecuted, or maintained the 
defense of, the action in the Territory, the amount of any recovery 
remaining then shall be shared equally by the parties.
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the 
Development and/or Commercialization of any Licensed Products infringes the 
intellectual property rights of any Third Party in the Territory, such 
Party shall promptly notify the other Party. The Parties shall thereafter 
discuss the situation, and to the extent reasonably necessary, attempt to 
agree on a course of action.

(b) If within ten (10) Business Days the Parties fail to agree upon an 
appropriate course of action in the Territory, Kinex shall have the first 
right, but not the obligation, either directly or through its Affiliates or 
licensees to defend any action in the Territory related to the intellectual 
property rights of any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal 
action in the Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any 
Third Party in the name of PharmaEssentia and/or Kinex. Kinex shall keep 
PharmaEssentia reasonably informed as to the progress of any such action. 
PharmaEssentia shall render, at its expense, all assistance reasonably 
requested in connection with any action taken by Kinex. However, the 
control of such action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding 
and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Kinex; 
provided that Kinex shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a 
manner that materially adversely affects PharmaEssentias rights under this 
Agreement or which results in any material monetary payment by or financial 
loss to PharmaEssentia, without PharmaEssentias written consent. Kinex 
shall pay for all costs and expenses incurred in such defense.

(c) If Kinex elects not to defend an infringement action in any country in 
the Territory as provided in Section 6.4(b), PharmaEssentia may defend in 
its name, subject to the prior written consent of Kinex, and the costs of 
any legal action commenced or any infringement action defended, shall be 
borne solely by PharmaEssentia; provided, however, that PharmaEssentia 
shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of any claim without the 
prior written consent of Kinex,.

(d) For any such legal action or defense, in the event that any Party is 
unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such action solely in its own 
name, the o her Party shall join such action and execute all documents 
necessary for the former Party to prosecute, defend and maintain such 
action. In connection with any such action, the Parties will cooperate 
fully and will provide each other with any information or assistance that 
either reasonably may request.

(e) Kinex shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, either 
directly or through its Affiliates or licensees to defend any action 
related to the intellectual property rights outside the Territory of any 
Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action outside the Territory 
related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party in its name.

6.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in any country in the Territory where 
applicable and where desired by PharmaEssentia. Elections with respect to 
obtaining such extension or supplemental protection certificates shall be 
made in the same manner and with the same relative priorities pursuant to 
Section 6.2.

6.6 Patent Marking. PharmaEssentia shall mark, and shall require its 
Affiliates and sublicensees to mark, all the Licensed Products sold or 
distributed pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the applicable 
patent statutes or regulations in the country or countries of manufacture 
and/or sale thereof.

6.7 Third Party Agreements. The rights and obligations of the Parties under 
this Article 6 are subject to the rights and obligations of Kinex under 
Hanmi License.
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 7
CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

7.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party or used for any 
purpose except as expressly permitted herein without the prior written 
consent of the Party that disclosed the Proprietary Information to the 
other Party during the term of this Agreement and or a period of ten (10) 
years thereafter. The foregoing non-disclosure and non-use obligations 
shall not apply to the extent that such Proprietary Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by 
contemporary written records.

7.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 7.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies 41 order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by either Party to its agents, consultants, sublicensees or Affiliates 
on the condition that such entities agree to be bound by confidentiality 
obligations consistent with this Agreement; or

(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order, provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to .challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without ,the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the nature and text of such release, announcement or other disclosure 
and shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party agrees to 
provide to the other Party a copy of any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall have the 
right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty-eight (48) hours) 
review and recommend changes to any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of review 
and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has previously been 
disclosed unless there have been material developments relating to Licensed 
Product since the date of the previous disclosure; provided, further, that 
each Party shall provide to the other Nifty reasonable advance notice of 
any such subsequent disclosure. Without limiting the generality of any of 
the foregoing, it is understood that the Parties or their Affiliates may 
make disclosure of this Agreement and the terms hereof in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, may file this Agreement as an exhibit to any filing 
with the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities exchange, and may 
distribute any such filing in the ordinary course of its business, 
provided, further, that to the maximum extent allowable by the rules and 
regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities 
exchange, and except as required by applicable Laws, Kinex and 
PharmaEssentia shall seek to redact any confidential information set forth 
in such filings, and each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted 
version of this Agreement to the other Party no less than five (5) Business 
Days prior to filing with the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and give reasonable consideration to the other Partys 
comments regarding any proposed redaction.

7.3 Publications. PharmaEssentia shall not submit for written or oral 
publication any manuscript, abstract or the like relating to the Compound 
or Licensed Products, without the prior approval or written request of 
Kinex. If PharmaEssentia desires to submit such publication, it shall first 
deliver to Kinex, for Kinexs prior written consent, the proposed 
publication or an outline of the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days 
prior to planned submission or presentation.

7.4 Publicity: Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
stockholders letter to private investors.
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 8
TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date and, unless terminated early under Section 8.2, 
expire upon the earliest to occur of either (i) the expiration of the Kinex 
Patent Rights in all countries in the Territory or (ii) invalidation of the 
Kinex Patent Rights in all countries in the Territory. After the occurrence 
of (i) or (ii) above, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be 
extended for consecutive one (1) year periods subject to the same terms and 
conditions set forth herein (unless agreed otherwise) unless either Party 
gives written notice of its intention not to extend the Agreement Term: (i) 
at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date of the Kinex Patent 
Rights; or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the case of an 
invalidation claim; and (iii)thereafter, at least ninety (90) days prior to 
the then current annual expiration date of the Agreement.

8.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) This Agreement may be terminated upon mutual agreement of the Parties.

(b) Termination by PharmaEssentia.

PharmaEssentia may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion upon not 
less than six (6) months prior written notice of termination provided 
anytime after the Effective Date (provided, however, that no such 
termination shall be effective until the completion of any then Ongoing 
Clinical Studies). The cost involved during the six-month notice period 
plus any period needed for completion of any Ongoing Clinical Studies will 
also be borne by PharmaEssentia. In addition, if any milestone is met 
PharmaEssentia prior to the termination date, PharmaEssentia will also be 
responsible for the mile tone payment.

(c) Termination by Either Party.

Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement prior 
to expiration of the Agreement Term in the event that the other Party (as 
used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) shall have materially 
breached or defaulted in the performance of any of its material obligations 
hereunder, and has not cured such breach wit n (i) thirty (30) days after 
notice of such breach is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach 
is a non-payment of any amount due under this Agreement that is not being 
disputed in good faith (which shall be deemed a material breach of a 
material obligation) and (ii) sixty (60) days after notice of such breach 
is provided to the Breaching Party for other cases bf breach (or, if such 
default cannot be cured within such 60-day period, if the Breaching Part 
does not commence and diligently continue actions to cure such default 
during such 60-day period). The termination shall become effective at the 
end of the (i) 30-day period in case the breach is a non-payment of any 
amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good faith if 
the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or (ii) for 
other cases of breach, 60-day period unless (a) the Breaching Party cures 
such breach during such 60-day period, or (b) if such breach is not 
susceptible to cure within such 60-day period, the Breaching Party has 
commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure (unless such breach, by its 
nature, is incurable, in which case the Agreement may not be terminated 
unless the
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Breaching Party fails to use its best commercially reasonable efforts to 
prevent a similar subsequent breach). The right of either Kinex or 
PharmaEssentia to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 
8.2(c) shall not be affected in any way by such Partys waiver or failure 
to take action with respect to any previous breach or default.

8.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. 
In addition to any other provisions of this Agreement which by their terms 
continue after the expiration of this Agreement, the provisions of Article 
3.2(h), 4.4(b), 7 and 9 shall survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement and shall continue in effect after the date of expiration or 
termination for the longer of (i) five (5) years after the last sale of 
Licensed Product in the Territory, or (ii) the respective periods specified 
therein. In addition, any other provisions required interpreting and 
enforcing the Parties rights and obligations under this Agreement shall 
also survive, but only to the extent required for the full observation and 
performance of this Agreement. Any expiration or early termination of this 
Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of any Party against the 
other accrued or accruing under this Agreement prior to termination. Except 
as expressly set forth herein, the rights to terminate as set forth herein 
shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available under this 
Agreement, at law, or in equity, or otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Kinex under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date at which 
such amounts can be calculated and fixed sum determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, 
PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates shall have the right to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the stock of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on 
hand or in process of manufacture as of the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the effective date of 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, PharmaEssentia shall notify 
Kinex of the amount of Licensed Products PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and 
sublicensees then have on and or in the process of manufacture and shall 
have the right to sell in the Territory (except with respect to any country 
in the Territory in which Licensed Products have been withdrawn or there is 
o Regulatory Approval), its remaining stock of Licensed Products for a 
period ending up n the earlier of: (i) PharmaEssentias, its Affiliates 
and sublicensees sale of all such remaining Licensed Products, or (ii) six 
(6) months after such termination or expiration, and terms and condition of 
this Agreement shall apply to such Licensed Products so sold. Kinex hereby 
grants a non- elusive license under the Kinex Intellectual Property to 
PharmaEssentia solely to sell such Licensed Products in the Territory, 
subject to payment of all related amounts due under this Agreement. Any 
remaining quantities of Licensed Products not sold during this period 
shall, at Kinexs election, either be destroyed by PharmaEssentia at 
PharmaEssentias cost or sold to Kinex at PharmaEssentias procurement cost 
for such Licensed Products.
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Kinexs written request, PharmaEssentia 
shall promptly transfer and return to Kinex copies of all Data, reports, 
records and materials in PharmaEssentias possession or control that relate 
to Compound or Licensed Products and return to Kinex all relevant records 
and materials in PharmaEssentias possession or control containing 
Proprietary Information of Kinex (provided that PharmaEssentia may keep one 
copy of such Proprietary Information of Kinex for archival purposes only); 
(ii) PharmaEssentia shall transfer to Kinex all right, title and interest 
in and Control over all Intellectual Property owned and Controlled of 
PharmaEssentia and arising from inventions during the Agreement Term as 
described in Section 6.1(a) (ii) of this Agreement, (iii) PharmaEssentia 
shall transfer to Kinex any and all INDs, Regulatory Approvals, Drug 
Approval Applications and any other regulatory filings or submissions made 
or filed for Licensed Product by PharmaEssentia or its designees; and (iv) 
Kinex shall promptly return to PharmaEssentia 11 relevant records and 
materials in Kinexs possession or control containing Proprietary 
Information of PharmaEssentia (provided that Kinex may keep one copy of 
such Proprietary Information of PharmaEssentia for archival purposes only).


ARTICLE 9
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

9.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 9, Kinex Indemnified Parties 
refers to Kinex, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Kinex and its 
Affiliates, and PharmaEssentia Indemnified Parties refers to 
PharmaEssentia , its Affiliates and officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of PharmaEssentia and its 
Affiliates.

9.2 PharmaEssentia Indemnification. PharmaEssentia shall defend the Kinex 
Indemnified Parties from and against all suits, claims, act or other 
proceedings, (collectively, Claims), that are brought by a Third Party, 
and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by 
law the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and against any and all Losses, that 
arise out of or are attributable to, (i) PharmaEssentias negligence, 
recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing any of its 
rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by 
PharmaEssentia of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or 
covenants under this Agreement; provided, however, that PharmaEssentia 
shall not be obligated under this Section 9.2, to the extent it is shown by 
evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject 
matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the 
Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of Kinex.

9.3 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the PharmaEssentia 
Indemnified Parties from and against all Claims, in each case that are 
brought by a Third Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the 
fullest extent permitted by law the PharmaEssentia Indemnified Parties from 
and against any and all Losses that arise out of such Claims that are 
attributable to, (i) Kinexs negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct 
in exercising or performing any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kinex of any of its obligations, representation , warranties or covenants 
under this Agreement; provided, however, that Kinex shall not be obligated 
under this Section 9.3, to the extent it is shown by evidence acceptable in 
a court of la having jurisdiction over the subject matter and meeting the 
appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the Claim arose out of the 
negligence or wrongdoing on the part of PharmaEssentia.

9.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
9.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party 
and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss how to respond to such Claim. 
Failure to provide prompt notice shall not relieve any Party of the duty to 
defend or indemnify unless such failure materially prejudices the defense 
of any matter. Each Party agrees that it will take reasonable steps to 
minimize the burdens of the litigation on witnesses and on the ongoing 
business of the Indemnified Parties including making reasonable 
accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and seeking 
appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location of 
depositions.

(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 9.4(a), is 
an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing written 
notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain counsel and 
timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such event, such 
other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however, that such 
other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an indemnified 
Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) Business Days 
notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to assume the 
defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this Agreement. If it 
is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to indemnification, the 
Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

9.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under Sections 
9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the consent of the other Party, provided, 
however, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, without the written consent 
of the other Party, as part of any settlement or compromise (i) admit to 
liability on the part of the other Party; (ii) agree to an injunction 
against the other Party; or (iii) settle any matter in a manner that 
separately apportions fault to the other Party. The Parties further agree 
that as part of the settlement of any Indemnified Claim, an Indemnifying 
Party shall obtain a full, complete and unconditional release from the 
claimant on behalf of the Indemnified Parties.

9.6 Insurance.

(a) Kinex shall obtain and shall maintain, at its cost, No Fault insurance 
for Clinical Trials on behalf, and insuring the activities, of both Kinex 
and PharmaEssentia relating to this Agreement with minimum limits of 
$5,000,000 per occurrence during the period when such Clinical Studies are 
being conducted under this Agreement. Such Insurance shall insure against 
all liability arising out of the manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or 
marketing of Licensed Products in and for the Territory.
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) PharmaEssentia shall maintain in the Territory, commencing as of the 
First Commercial Sale, commercial general liability insurance (including 
coverage for product liability, contractual liability, bodily injury, 
property damage and personal injury), in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the other Party, with minimum limits of $5,000,000 per 
occurrence or, in case of Clinical Studies, $5,000,000 per occurrence 
during the period when such Clinical Studies are being conducted (the 
Insurance). If such Insurance is written on a claims-made form, it shall 
continue for three (3) years following the last sale of Licensed Products 
by PharmaEssentia. The Insurance shall have retroactive date to or 
coinciding with the First Commercial Sale. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
PharmaEssentia may satisfy the foregoing obligation with respect to the 
Insurance through self-insurance.

(i) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of Licensed Products in 
and for the Territory. During the Agreement Term, PharmaEssentia shall not 
permit such Insurance to be reduced, expired, materially amended or 
canceled during the period of the Insurance and/or the Agreement without 
reasonable prior written notice that shall be sent by registered mail to 
Kinex. Upon request in writing, PharmaEssentia shall provide certificates 
of insurance to Kinex evidencing the coverage specified herein.

(ii) The Insurance shall contain an explicit clause, stating that each 
Party and its insurer waive their rights of subrogation against the other 
Party and its directors, employees and/or any one on its behalf with 
respect to the Insurance. Such waiver shall not apply in the event of a 
malicious act.

(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) Any Insurance provided for in this Section 9.6 shall be primary to any 
other insurance maintained by each Party and each Party hereby waives any 
claim or demand as to participation in any such other insurance.

(e) Any Insurance provided for in this Section 9.6 shall be valid in any 
location worldwide regarding the activities performed by each Party 
hereunder (including worldwide jurisdictions) for any destination or 
lawsuit which will be served against the other Party.

9.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE.
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 10
MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including 
fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of 
war (whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

10.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or in 
connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all or 
substantially all of its assets or in the event of a merger, consolidation, 
change in control or similar corporate transaction or by Kinex to Hanmi 
under Hanmi License, without such consent; provided further, that such 
assignment shall not relieve the Party of its responsibilities for 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement shall 
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted 
assigns of the Parties. Any assignment not in accordance with this 
Agreement shall be void.

10.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or application thereof in good 
faith in order to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative to the term, 
covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof that is 
invalid or unenforceable, it being the intent of the Parties that the basic 
purposes of this Agreement are to be effectuated.

10.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by email, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.

(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this Agreement) shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
person, or sent by overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), postage 
prepaid, or by facsimile confirmed by prepaid registered or certified air 
mail letter or by overnight express mail (e.g., FedEx), or sent by prepaid 
certified or registered air mail, return receipt requested, to the 
following addresses of the Parties (or to such other address or addresses 
as may be specified from time to time in a written notice), and shall be 
deemed to have been properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such 
written communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex to:

K1NEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
701 Ellicott Street
Buffalo, New York 14203USA
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: 716-849-6651

if to PharmaEssentia to:

PHARMAESSENTIA CORP
13F, No. 3 YuanQu Street
Nankang District, Taipei 115, TAIWAN
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: +886-2-2655-7626

or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by facsimile on a Business Day, upon confirmed 
delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so delivered, and on 
the third Business Day following the date of mailing if sent by registered 
or certified mail.

10.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party may suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which 
there is no adequate remedy at law in the event of a breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of 
this Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms 
and provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal 
having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any 
bond or other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in 
addition to any other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law 
or in equity.

10.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

10.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for 
the International Sale of Goods shall not apply in any action, suit or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Except as provide 
in Section 10.5, with regard to actions of specific performance, all 
disputes which arise in connection with this Agreement and its 
interpretation shall be settled amicably between the
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parties. If the dispute cannot be settled in an amicable manner, it will be 
settled by arbitration to be held in Hong Kong in conformity with 
commercial arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. The 
award rendered by arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties 
hereto.

10.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.

10.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.

10.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.

10.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.

10.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

10.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(.pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.

10.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party, including any creditor of either 
Party hereto. No such Third Party shall obtain any right under any 
provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons of any such provision make 
any claim in respect of any debt, liability or obligation (or otherwise) 
against either Party hereto.
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
PHARMAESSENTIA CORP.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Ching-Leou Teng
Title: 	  	Chairman
 
SCHEDULE 1.1 	   	DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND
SCHEDULE 1.2 	   	KINEX PATENT RIGHTS
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

SCHEDULE 1.1
DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND

***

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

SCHEDULE 1.2
PATENT RIGHTS
 
Country
  	
Status
  	
Patent App. No.
  	
Filing Date
  	
Patent No.
  	
Grant
Date
  	
Expiry
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	
 ***
  	 	  	 	  	*** 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.