 EX-10 13 filename13.htm
Exhibit 10.20

The Athenex Pharmaceutical Base Project
Located in the Chongqing Maliu Riverside Development Zone

Agreement

Chongqing Maliu Riverside Development and Investment Co., Ltd.
October 16, 2015
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investment Agreement

Party A: Chongqing Maliu Riverside Development and Investment Co., Ltd. 
(referred to below as Party A)

Party B: Athenex, Inc. (referred to below as Party B)

Article I  After carefully inspecting and investigating the investment 
environment associated with the Chongqing Maliu Riverside Development Zone 
(referred to below as the Zone), Party B has determined to invest capital 
in the Zone for the construction of an Athenex Pharmaceutical Base 
(referred to below as the Project). Party A welcomes investment from Party 
B. Pursuant to relevant State laws, regulations, and policies, and after 
thorough consultation, this Agreement is executed by and between the two 
parties in accord with the principles of equality, voluntariness, mutual 
benefit, and the pursuit of common development.

Article II  The Project complies with State industrial policies, State 
environmental protection requirements, and the overall planning and 
industrial planning of the Zone. The Project will feature the worlds most 
advanced innovative technologies with respect to new pharmaceutical R&D in 
the construction of a pharmaceutical manufacturing plant and active 
pharmaceutical ingredient (API) plant, wherein:

The pharmaceutical manufacturing plant will be furnished with three oral 
preparation technology platforms, i.e. Orascovery, Mimetica, and OPAL. The 
manufacturing plant will feature world-class pharmaceutical innovation 
platforms and 8 production lines for the formulation of high potency 
pharmaceuticals, and will manufacture drugs in the form of high-level 
sterile injectables, oral dosages, and other formulations.

The API plant will be involved in the research, development, and production 
of high value-added active pharmaceutical ingredients, including high 
potency oncology active pharmaceutical ingredients, which require low 
energy consumption and low emissions. From the day on which the plant 
construction is completed, a Pharmaceutical Production License shall be 
obtained within 2 years, and domestic and international registration 
applications shall be completed for at least 10 products, including 
existing products Paclitaxel and Docetaxel, within 5 years. In addition, 
provided that certification is obtained for compliance with the updated GMP
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
regulations of the Peoples Republic of China (China), the U.S. Food and 
Drug Administration (FDA), the European Directorate for the Quality Control 
of Medicines (EDQM), and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices 
Agency (PMDA), and the requirements for all the active pharmaceutical 
ingredients and intermediates required for the drugs in connection with 
Party Bs pharmaceutical manufacturing platform are met, the construction 
of an internationally renowned base for the research, development, 
production, and export of high potency oncology and other active 
pharmaceutical ingredients shall be completed within 10 years.

Article III  The plot for the pharmaceutical manufacturing plant 
associated with the Project is located in the Mudong section of the Zone 
and covers approximately 500 mu of land. The plot for the API production 
plant associated with the Project is located in the Maliu section of the 
Zone and covers approximately 45 mu of land. The final measurements shall 
be based on the limits as demarcated by the red lines in the [land 
allocation] plan, and the land is intended for industrial use. Refer to the 
figure(s) attached for details.

Article IV  The pharmaceutical manufacturing plant associated with the 
Project will cover a building area of 40,000 square meters, and the API 
production plant will cover a building area of 20,800 square meters. The 
two will allow a differential increase of no more than 20%. For the 
construction plans (which include public facilities and decorations), upon 
approval from Party B and relevant competent authorities in the industry, 
Party A will invest in the plant construction and will be responsible, with 
the assistance of Party B, for completing the decorations in accordance 
with U.S. CGMP standards. The work will conclude on December 31, 2016.

Party A will exercise ownership rights over the land and buildings. Party A 
will not be required to pay rent for the first 10 years. Once the term is 
up, Party B may continue renting for an additional 10 years. During the 
renewal period, if Party B achieves profitability, it shall pay rent once 
each year equivalent to RMB 5 per square meter of building area per month; 
or it may purchase the property based on the cost of the land and plant 
construction, plus the appraised value of the decorations, plus annual 
interest based on the current benchmark interest rate for bank lending. If, 
after 20 years, Party B has still not purchased the property for the cost 
of the land and plant construction (including decoration expenses) as set 
forth above, the property will be leased for the current market rate based 
on the building area.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Article V  Party B is responsible for the equipment, technology, and other 
investments. Party B shall complete the equipment commissioning and launch 
production within 6 months of the day on which Party A delivers the plant 
to Party B, and production will officially launch within 12 months 
thereafter.

Article VI  Party B shall achieve sales revenue of RMB 915 million in the 
second year after the Project is up and running. Within 10 years after the 
Project is up and running, sales revenue shall reach a cumulative total of 
RMB 52 billion, and value-added taxes (VAT), surtaxes, and income taxes 
shall reach a cumulative total of more than RMB 10 billion. See the tables 
below for the specific sales revenues and tax amounts for each year (these 
figures allow a differential decrease of 20%):

Table 1:

Estimated Sales Revenue (in RMB 10,000s)
 
Year
   	1st year 	  	   	2nd year 	  	   	3rd year 	  	   	4th year 	  	   	
5th year 	  	   	6th year 	  	   	7th year 	  	   	8th year 	  	   	9th 
year 	  	   	10th year 	 
 Manufacturing
   	  	46500 	  	   	  	156000 	  	   	  	320000 	  	   	  	432050 	  	   	
  	495872 	  	   	  	543758 	  	   	  	570670 	  	   	  	587550 	  	   	  	
604937 	  	   	  	622845 	 
 API
   	  	45000 	  	   	  	63000 	  	   	  	81000 	  	   	  	91000 	  	   	  	
93000 	  	   	  	93000 	  	   	  	93000 	  	   	  	93000 	  	   	  	93000 	
  	   	  	93000 	 
 Total
   	  	91500 	  	   	  	219000 	  	   	  	401000 	  	   	  	523050 	  	   	
  	588872 	  	   	  	636758 	  	   	  	663670 	  	   	  	690550 	  	   	  	
697937 	  	   	  	715845 	 

Table 2:

Estimated Taxes (in RMB 1,000,000s)
 
Year
   	1st year 	  	   	2nd year 	  	   	3rd year 	  	   	4th year 	  	   	
5th year 	  	   	6th year 	  	   	7th year 	  	   	8th year 	  	   	9th 
year 	  	   	10th year 	 
 Total VAT and surtax
   	  	56 	  	   	  	187 	  	   	  	384 	  	   	  	518 	  	   	  	595 	  	  
 	  	653 	  	   	  	685 	  	   	  	705 	  	   	  	726 	  	   	  	747 	 
 Income tax
   	  	9 	  	   	  	50 	  	   	  	114 	  	   	  	157 	  	   	  	183 	  	   	
  	200 	  	   	  	210 	  	   	  	217 	  	   	  	223 	  	   	  	230 	 
 Total
   	  	65 	  	   	  	237 	  	   	  	498 	  	   	  	675 	  	   	  	778 	  	  
 	  	853 	  	   	  	895 	  	   	  	922 	  	   	  	949 	  	   	  	977 	 

Article VII  Party A shall ensure that water supply, water discharge, 
natural gas (for clients requiring the construction of a dedicated pipeline 
for high gas usage, Party A shall lend assistance to Party B in filing an 
application, and Party B shall assume the costs for the design and 
construction), communications, cable television, and broadband network 
facilities are set up 1 meter outside the limits of Party Bs land 
allotment as demarcated by red lines, and the power lines shall be 
connected to a designated 10 kV switching station; further discussion will 
be required for power levels exceeding 10 kV. Party B shall be solely 
responsible for fees associated with the water, electricity, natural gas, 
and other utility accounts as well as the construction and use thereof, and 
it shall pay the fees in a timely manner. In addition to ensuring the 
water, power, and gas supply as set forth above, Party A undertakes to 
provide water, power, and gas at the best discounted rates.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Article VIII  Within 3 months of the signing of this Agreement, Party B 
will register a new independent corporation in the Banan District, and it 
shall be responsible for the operation of the Project. The registered 
capital for the Project shall be no less than US $30 million (in cash 
contributions), and Party A shall assist with the registration. The Project 
owner shall be responsible for performing all the obligations associated 
with the production and operation of the Project. If the Project owner 
fails to perform all obligations in accordance with this Agreement, Party B 
shall be held jointly and severally liable for the legal consequences 
arising therefrom. The Project owner is required to declare taxes to the 
grassroots taxation authority and truthfully report statistical information 
to the service center with jurisdiction over the area in which the 
Chongqing Maliu Riverside Development Zone is located.

Article IX  Within 30 business days following the signing of this 
Agreement, Party B shall pay to Party A a performance bond in the amount of 
US $1 million. The performance bond shall be returned to Party B the day on 
which the Project is up and running, and no interest shall accrue during 
the interim period.

Article X  Party B is required to obtain the written consent of Party A to 
transfer the Project, unless said transfer is made to an affiliated Group 
Company under Athenex (i.e. a subsidiary of which Party B directly and/or 
indirectly owns no less than 50% of the equity or management rights, and/or 
a direct and/or indirect holding company of Party B, and/or a subsidiary of 
which said direct and/or indirect holding company directly and/or 
indirectly owns no less than 50% of the equity or management rights; 
collectively referred to as Group Company).

Article XI  Party B shall be entitled to preferential policies for the 
Project as follows:

1. After [the Project] is confirmed by relevant departments to be included 
in the industries encouraged by the State, [Party B] shall be entitled to 
the preferential policies for western Chinese development in accordance 
with applicable provisions, i.e. income taxes are reduced by 15% for 
enterprises engaged in western Chinese development.

2. After Party B is confirmed to be a hi-tech enterprise, it shall be 
entitled to the relevant preferential policies available for hi-tech 
enterprises in urban areas.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Party A shall lend assistance to Party B in applying for preferential 
policies from the Chongqing municipality in various areas of the 
pharmaceutical industry including R&D, marketing, product import & export, 
and talent acquisition (including but not limited to making tax incentives 
or exemptions for a certain proportion of income (including benefits) 
available to senior management of Party B which are located in Chongqing 
and/or assigned to Chongqing from another province and/or country).

Article XII  Party B undertakes that, before the Project is up and 
running, it shall not construct or use any product production lines which 
are of the same type as or related to the three oral preparation technology 
platforms of Orascovery, Mimetica, and OPAL in China. Party B shall be 
given priority negotiation rights for a maximum of 6 months for any other 
projects associated with Party Bs products.

Article XIII  Default liability and withdrawal mechanism:

1. Party A shall be considered in breach of contract if it fails to perform 
all the stipulations contained in this Agreement, in which case Party B 
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement; Party A shall return to 
Party B the performance bond and pay to Party B the equivalent amount in 
liquidated damages.

2. Party B shall be considered in breach of contract if it fails to perform 
all the stipulations contained in this Agreement, in which case Party A 
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, and Party A shall not 
return the performance bond.

3. If Party B fails to achieve the sales revenue or annual tax amount as 
stipulated in Article 6 hereunder, Party A shall have the right to notify 
Party B in writing and require Party B to achieve the sales revenue or 
annual tax amount as stipulated in Article 6 within 2 years of the day on 
which such notice is provided. If Party B is still unable to achieve the 
sales revenue or annual tax amount as stipulated in Article 6 by the 
expiration of the term, Party A shall have the right to dispose of the 
plants at its own discretion.

Article XIV  Party A shall actively assist in enrolling the Project as a 
municipal-level key projects, and shall actively coordinate with relevant 
municipal bodies to provide applicable industry support policies.

Article XV  Miscellaneous:

1. The two parties shall engage in separate discussion for laboratories and 
office spaces required during the early stages of the construction for the 
Project.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. If Party B intends to convert the Chinese construction into a medical 
center project, it should give priority consideration to working with Party 
A and allow Party A to have priority negotiation rights for a period of 6 
weeks.

3. This Agreement shall be made in sextuplicate, with Party A, Party B, and 
the witnessing party each holding three copies carrying equal legal effect.

4. For any matters not covered hereunder, Party A and Party B may enter 
into a supplemental agreement, which shall carry the same legal effect as 
this Agreement.

5. Party A and Party B hereby irrevocably promise to the other party that 
they will do everything within their power to keep as confidential the 
existence of this Agreement and/or any terms contained herein, and they 
further promise to the other party that, without the prior written approval 
of the other party, they shall not disclose to any third party the 
existence of this Agreement and/or any terms contained herein, unless said 
disclosure is:

(i). Provided to their employees, directors, advisors, bankers, and/or 
agents, and said person(s) and/or organization(s) have a corresponding 
confidentiality liability thereto;

(ii). Related to any market launch of Party B and/or its affiliated Group 
Company;

(iii). Provided for the purpose of complying with any applicable 
regulations and/or guidelines in China locally and/or in other provinces 
and/or countries (including but not limited to rules for securities 
listings);

(iv). Already public information due to (ii) or (iii) as shown above.

Party A and Party B agree and undertake that they shall not unreasonably 
and intentionally delay and/or refuse the submission of said prior written 
consent. Party A and Party B agree and undertake that the confidentiality 
liabilities described above shall continue to be executed and remain in 
effect upon the termination of this Agreement.

6. This Agreement shall be governed by relevant Chinese legislation and 
shall be construed accordingly.

7. Any disputes arising in connection with this Agreement during the 
execution hereof should be resolved through consultation. Should such 
consultation fail, the two parties may initiate and carry out arbitration 
proceedings remotely (in Shenzhen) pursuant to the rules of arbitration of 
the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC) 
in place and in force at the time the application for arbitration is filed. 
The arbitral award shall be final and binding on the two parties.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. Party A

    Address: Technology Incubation Building, Mudong Town, Banan District, 
Chongqing
    Fax no.: +86-23-86953595
    Recipient: Peng Yong

    Party B

    Address: 701 Ellicott Street Buffalo New York
                14203 USA;
                    or beginning October 26, 2015
                    Conventus Building 1001 Main Street Sixth
                Floor Buffalo, New York 14203 USA
    Fax no.: +716-898-8588
    Recipient: Flint D. Besecker
    Copies to be delivered to: Comprehensive Drug Enterprises Limited
                                           Units 608-613, No. 6 Science 
Park West Avenue,
                                           Hong Kong Science Park, Sha Tin, 
Hong Kong
    Fax no.: +852 3996 7454
    Recipient: Yang Yikuang

Unless otherwise stipulated, Party A and Party B agree to make contact 
using the addresses and fax numbers provided above.

9. This Agreement shall take effect once it is signed and sealed by Party 
A, signed by Party B, and Party B reaches US $4 million in registered 
capital and pays the performance bond in full.

(There is no main text below)
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Party A: Chongqing Maliu Riverside     	   	Party B: ATHENEX, INC.
Development and Investment Co., Ltd. 	   	
(signature and seal)     	   	
[Seal: Chongqing Maliu
Riverside Development and
Investment Co., Ltd. [illegible]]
   	 [LOGO]
Representative: [Signature: [illegible]] 	   	Representative: Flint D. 
Besecker

                         Place signed: Chongqing

                    Date signed: October 16, 2015
 
9