 EX-10.14 24 d201422dex1014.htm EX-10.14
Exhibit 10.14

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

BINDING TERM SHEET FOR LICENSE
dated August 1, 2016
by and between
ATHENEX PHARMACEUTICAL DIVISION, LLC (Athenex)
and
GLAND PHARMA LIMITED (Gland)

Definitions

Effective Date: August     , 2016

Product License: Gland is the manufacturer of the Products identified on 
Schedule A (Products). Gland licenses Athenex to distribute the Product in 
North America (Territory).


Ownership:

All right, title and interest in the ANDAs, the Product Information and any 
other results of the Development Activities related to the preparation of 
the ANDAs for the Product shall be owned by Gland, subject to the terms of 
this License.


Development and Regulatory Fees:

The Parties acknowledge and agree that as of the date hereof, Gland has 
completed the development of the Products, filed ANDAs for the Products 
with FDA and obtained regulatory approval from the FDA. To the extent that 
there are any additional fees associated with the development of the 
Products, including fees relating to manufacturing line change parts 
required for the Products, or regulatory fees in connection with the ANDAs, 
Gland shall be responsible for all such fees.


Licensing Fee:

The License granted by Gland to Athenex for the Products shall be on a 
non-exclusive basis. In consideration of Gland granting such License to 
Athenex, Athenex shall pay Gland the License fees shown on Schedule A 
within ten (10) business days of the Effective Date. The aggregate License 
fees for the Products identified is $2,350,000 (USD).


Term:

The initial term of the License is 5 years from the launch of each product 
subject to automatic renewal for additional terms of 2 years, unless 
terminated by either party providing notice 90 days in advance of a renewal 
date.


Exclusivity:

Gland will manufacture and supply the Products to Athenex for sale in the 
Territory on a non-exclusive basis, and Gland will have right to 
manufacture and supply the Products to other Partners in the Territory. 
Athenex will market the Products on a private label basis under the 
Athenex brand in a commercially reasonably manner. Gland will be 
identified on any Product labels as the ANDA holder of record.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Delivery of Product:

Gland shall ship and deliver the Products Ex-Works Gland Pharma Warehouse, 
in accordance with Incoterms 2010.


Net Profit Share:

During the Initial Term and any renewal periods, Athenex shall pay to Gland 
a payment equivalent to percent (%) of the Net Profits from sale of the 
Products as defined in Schedule A. Athenex will provide payment to Gland on 
a quarterly basis not more than Thirty (30) days following the end of each 
quarterly period following the Launch Date. Each payment shall be 
accompanied by a statement showing the Net Sales of the product for the 
applicable quarter, the aggregate Transfer Price paid for the units sold, 
and the calculation of the Net Profit Share. Net Profit shall mean Net 
Sales less (i) the cost of the Product, including the Transfer Price, 
freight in, duty, customs, shipping, inventory, write offs and all other 
related costs of acquiring the Product; and (ii) seven percent (7%) of Net 
Sales representing the overheads attributable to marketing and selling the 
Product and Net Sales shall mean, gross invoiced sales of a Product to 
all customers less (i) chargebacks; (ii) freight and insurance charges; 
(iii) trade discounts, credits or allowances; (iv) costs of replacements, 
returns, recalls or rebates (v) wholesaler service charges; and (vi) sales, 
excise or value added taxes paid on or in relation to the product; all as 
calculated in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles, or US GAAP.

Legal Compliance: Gland represents and warrants it is in compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulatory requirements for the Products, including 
the U.S. Drug Supply Chain and Security Act (DSCSA), and the Parties agree 
to maintain legal compliance with DSCSA during the term of the License. 
Gland further acknowledges and agrees that the Products will be 
manufactured by Gland in accordance with the approved drug applications and 
U.S. Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP).

Regulatory Agent: Gland will be the sole Regulatory Agent for the Products 
in North America for the term of the License. Gland will be responsible for 
all filings and interactions with the national regulatory agencies. As a 
marketing company, Athenex will be responsible for anything pertaining to 
submission of, Promotional materials; labelling filings with FDA and any 
Product recalls.

Definitive Agreement: This binding term sheet is intended to be legally 
binding, but will be supplemented by definitive agreements which are 
mutually agreed by the parties. The definitive agreements will contain the 
terms of the License, customary representations and warranties, provision 
for payment terms, product warranties and product liability, insurance, 
marketing issues, shipment, delivery and stocking, reporting, 
responsibility for regulatory filings, recalls and withdrawals, and other 
terms mutually agreed by the parties which are customary for definitive 
agreements covering the subject matter contemplated by this License. As 
part of the definitive agreements, the Parties will enter into a Quality 
Agreement which will include appropriate policies and procedures to provide 
a reliable and consistent supply of Products to the Territory. The parties 
will negotiate to enter into definitive agreements within 60 days after the 
date this letter is signed by both parties.
 
2
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Governing Law: This binding term sheet will be governed by the laws of the 
State of Illinois (without giving effect to choice of law or conflict of 
law provisions). The parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue 
of the state and federal courts in the Northern District of the State of 
Illinois for the resolution of any disputes under this binding term sheet

Confidentiality: The terms of this License are confidential and will not be 
disclosed without mutual agreement of the parties, except as required in 
connection with the performance of this Agreement and the marketing of the 
Products or as required by applicable legal or regulatory requirements.

Execution: This letter may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed to be an original and both of which together shall constitute a 
single document. Facsimile or scanned signatures shall be relied on as if 
original signatures.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the authorized representatives of the parties have 
executed this binding term sheet as of the Effective Date.
 
ATHENEX PHARMACEUTICAL DIVISION, LLC 	   	GLAND PHARMA LIMITED
By: 	   	
 
   	 	   	By: 	   	
 
Name: 	   	Jeff Yordon 	   	 	   	Name: 	   	Srinivas Sadu
Title: 	   	President 	   	 	   	Title: 	   	Chief Operating Officer
 
3
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule A- Product Details
 
Product
   	
Presentation
   	
License Fee
   	
Transfer Price
USD
   	
Profit Shares
(Athenex Gland)
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 ***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 
4
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.