 EX-10.1 2 a17-4249_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
THIRD AMENDMENT
 
This THIRD AMENDMENT, dated as of February 8, 2017 (this Amendment), by 
and among Douglas Dynamics, Inc. (Holdings), Douglas Dynamics, L.L.C. 
(the Company or the Borrower), Douglas Dynamics Finance Company (DD 
Finance), Fisher, LLC (Fisher), Trynex International LLC (Trynex), 
Henderson Enterprises Group, Inc. (the survivor of a merger with DDIZ 
Acquisition, Inc.) (HEG), Henderson Products, Inc. (HPI) and Dejana 
Truck & Utility Equipment Company, LLC (Dejana and, together with 
Holdings, DD Finance, Fisher, Trynex, HEG and HPI, each a Guarantor and 
collectively, the Guarantors), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMorgan), as 
administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and as 
collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), the Requisite 
Lenders and the Additional Term B Lender (as defined below) party hereto.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, the Borrower is party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit 
and Guaranty Agreement dated as of December 31, 2014 (as amended, amended 
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to 
the date hereof, the Term Loan Credit Agreement), among the Borrower, the 
guarantors party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the 
Lenders), the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the certain 
other parties from time to time party thereto;
 
WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that (i) the outstanding Term Loans 
under the Term Loan Credit Agreement be refinanced with a new class of term 
loans by obtaining additional term loan commitments (the Term B Loan 
Commitments) and (ii) the Term Loan Credit Agreement be amended in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Amended Credit Agreement) 
substantially concurrently with, but immediately following, the initial 
funding under the Term B Loan Commitments, in each case, on the terms and 
subject to the conditions set forth herein;
 
WHEREAS, Section 10.5(a) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement provides that 
the relevant Credit Parties and the Requisite Lenders may amend the Term 
Loan Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents for certain purposes;
 
WHEREAS, (i) each Amendment Consenting Lender (as defined in Exhibit A) has 
agreed, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, to have up to all of 
its outstanding Term Loans either (A) converted into a like principal 
amount of Term B Loans (as defined in Exhibit A) effective as of the Third 
Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) or (B) prepaid pursuant to the 
Post-Closing Settlement Option (as defined herein), and (ii) if not all 
outstanding Term Loans are converted as described in clause (i)(A) above, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the Additional Term B Lender) has agreed to 
provide an Additional Term B Commitment (as defined in Exhibit A) in a 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Term Loans that were not 
converted into Term B Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date as 
described in clause (i)(A) above, the proceeds of which shall be applied to 
repay in full such then outstanding non-converted Term Loans and to pay 
fees and expenses related thereto (collectively, the Refinancing);
 
WHEREAS, certain Amendment Consenting Lenders have elected to have 100% of 
the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by such Lenders 
prepaid on the Third Amendment Effective Date and purchase by assignment a 
principal amount of Term B Loans committed to separately (or such lesser 
amount allocated to such Lender by the Amendment Lead Arrangers (as defined 
herein) (the Post-Closing Settlement Option);
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
WHEREAS, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are the 
joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (the Amendment Lead Arrangers
) for the Term B Loans;
 
WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that in connection with the 
Refinancing, the Requisite Lenders agree (the Required Approvals) to 
certain other amendments to be made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Requisite Lenders, on the terms and conditions set forth 
herein, are willing to provide the Required Approvals and agree to the 
amendments set forth herein;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants 
contained herein, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby 
agree as follows:
 
I. DEFINED TERMS
 
  Terms defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement and not defined herein
  are used herein as defined therein.
 
  II. TERM B LOANS; AMENDMENT OF THE TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
(a)                                 Effective as of the Third Amendment 
Effective Date (i) each existing Lender that executes and delivers a 
Consenting Lender Addendum in the form attached hereto (a Consenting 
Lender Addendum) consents to this Amendment and (x) if such Lender has 
delivered a Consenting Lender Addendum indicating an election for the 
Cashless Settlement Option (such Lender, a Converting Term Lender), 
agrees to continue all of its existing Term Loans outstanding immediately 
before giving effect to this Amendment as Term B Loans on the Third 
Amendment Effective Date (the Converted Term Loans) in Dollars in a 
principal amount equal to such Converting Term Lenders existing Term Loans 
(or such lesser amount as notified to such Converting Term Lender by the 
Administrative Agent prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date) or (y) if 
such Lender has delivered a Consenting Lender Addendum indicating an 
election for the Post-Closing Settlement Option, such Lender will be 
repaid on the Third Amendment Effective Date and such Lender shall purchase 
by assignment Term B Loans from the Additional Term B Lender in a like 
principal amount (or such lesser amount as notified to such Lender in 
writing by the Administrative Agent) as the Term Loans of such Lender that 
were repaid (it being understood that no Term Loans repaid pursuant to this 
clause (y) shall be deemed to be Converted Term Loans for purposes of the 
Amended Credit Agreement), and (ii) the Additional Term B Lender hereby 
agrees to provide to the Borrower an Additional Term B Commitment and 
agrees to make Term B Loans in Dollars in a single borrowing on the Third 
Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement. 
For purposes hereof, the Additional Term B Lender shall become a party to 
the Amended Credit Agreement as a Lender as of the Third Amendment 
Effective Date by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent, on 
or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, a Lender Addendum 
(Additional Term Lender) in the form attached hereto (a Lender Addendum 
(Additional Term Lender) in its capacity as a Lender.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, the existing Term Loans of a Converting Term Lender must be 
continued in whole (or such lesser amount as notified to such Lender by the 
Administrative Agent prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date) and may 
not be continued in part.
 
(b)                                 The continuation of Converted Term 
Loans may be implemented pursuant to other procedures specified by the 
Amendment Lead Arrangers, including by repayment of Converted Term Loans of 
a Converting Term Lender followed by a subsequent assignment to it of Term 
B Loans in the same amount.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)                                  As of the Third Amendment Effective 
Date, the Term Loan Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the 
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken 
text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the 
same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth 
in the pages of the Term Loan Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A 
hereto.
 
III. EFFECT ON THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS
 
Except as expressly provided herein, all of the terms and provisions of the 
Term Loan Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents are and shall 
remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall constitute a Credit 
Document for all purposes of the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the other 
Credit Documents.  Provisions of this Amendment are deemed incorporated 
into the Term Loan Credit Agreement as if fully set forth therein. To the 
extent required by the Term Loan Credit Agreement, the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent hereby consent to the Additional Term B Lender 
becoming a Lender under the Term Loan Credit Agreement on the Third 
Amendment Effective Date.
 
IV. CONDITIONS
 
This Amendment shall become effective on the date of satisfaction of the 
following conditions precedent (such date, the Third Amendment Effective 
Date):
 
(a)                                 The Administrative Agent shall have 
received an executed signature page to this Amendment from (i) each 
applicable Credit Party, (ii) the Administrative Agent, (iii) the 
Additional Term B Lender (in the form of a Lender Addendum (Additional Term 
Lender)) and each Converting Term Lender (in the form of a Consenting 
Lender Addendum) and (iv) Lenders constituting the Requisite Lenders (in 
the form of a Consenting Lender Addendum).
 
(b)                                 The Administrative Agent, the Requisite 
Lenders, the Additional Term B Lender, and their respective counsel shall 
have received originally executed copies of the favorable written opinion 
of Foley & Lardner LLP, counsel for the Credit Parties, in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, dated as of the Third 
Amendment Effective Date (and each Credit Party hereby instructs such 
counsel to deliver such opinion to the Administrative Agent, the Requisite 
Lenders and the Additional Term B Lender).
 
(c)                                  The Administrative Agent shall have 
received (i) copies of each Organizational Document for each Credit Party, 
certified as of a recent date prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date 
by the appropriate governmental official or, as applicable, by an officer 
of such Credit Party, (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the 
officers of each Credit Party executing the Credit Documents to which it is 
a party, (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors or similar governing 
body of each Credit Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery 
and performance of this Amendment and the other Credit Documents to which 
it is a party, certified as of the Third Amendment Effective Date by its 
secretary or an assistant secretary as being in full force and effect 
without modification or amendment, (iv) a good standing certificate from 
the applicable Governmental Authority of each Credit Partys jurisdiction 
of incorporation, organization or formation and in each jurisdiction in 
which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do 
business, each dated a recent date prior to the Third Amendment Effective 
Date, and (v) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may 
reasonably request.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)                                 The Administrative Agent shall have 
received, at least five (5) Business Days in advance of the Third Amendment 
Effective Date, all documentation and other information required by 
Governmental Authorities under applicable know-your-customer and 
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, 
as required by the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing 
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT 
ACT) Act of 2001.
 
(e)                                  All fees, expenses and other amounts 
due and payable to the Amendment Lead Arrangers, the Agents, the Additional 
Term B Lender and the Requisite Lenders on the Third Amendment Effective 
Date shall have been paid or shall have been authorized to be deducted from 
the proceeds of the funding of the Term B Loans.
 
(f)                                   The Administrative Agent shall have 
received a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower dated the 
Third Amendment Effective Date certifying that (a) the representations and 
warranties contained in the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the other Credit 
Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or in all 
respects, if qualified by materiality) on and as of the date hereof to the 
same extent as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent 
such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, 
in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in 
all material respects (or in all respects, if qualified by materiality) on 
and as of such earlier date, and (b) both before and after giving effect to 
the making of the Term B Loans, no Event of Default under the Term Loan 
Credit Agreement exists on the Third Amendment Effective Date.
 
(h)                                 The Borrower shall have provided the 
Administrative Agent with a Funding Notice substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A-1 to the Term Loan Credit Agreement no later than 10:00 a.m. (New 
York City time) at least three Business Days in advance of the Third 
Amendment Effective Date with respect to the borrowing of Additional Term B 
Loans (as defined in Exhibit A) on the Third Amendment Effective Date.
 
SECTION V. REAFFIRMATION
 
By signing this Amendment, each Credit Party hereby confirms that (a) its 
obligations and liabilities under the Term Loan Credit Agreement as 
modified hereby (including with respect to the Term B Loans contemplated by 
this Amendment) and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party 
remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis after giving effect 
to this Amendment, (b) the Secured Parties remain entitled to the benefits 
of the Guaranty and the security interests set forth or created in the 
Collateral Documents and the other Credit Documents, (c) notwithstanding 
the effectiveness of the terms hereof, the Collateral Documents and the 
other Credit Documents are, and shall continue to be, in full force and 
effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and (d) the 
Additional Term B Lender shall be a Secured Party and a Lender for all 
purposes of the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents.  
Each Credit Party ratifies and confirms that all Liens granted, conveyed, 
or assigned to any Agent by such Person pursuant to each Credit Document to 
which it is a party remain in full force and effect, are not released or 
reduced, and continue to secure full payment and performance of the 
Obligations as increased hereby.
 
SECTION VI. EXPENSES
 
The Borrower agrees to pay and reimburse the Administrative Agent for all 
its reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with 
the preparation and delivery of this Amendment, including, without 
limitation, the reasonable and invoiced fees, charges and disbursements of 
one counsel in each applicable jurisdiction to the Administrative Agent.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
SECTION VII. MISCELLANEOUS
 
(a)                                 This Amendment and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York 
without regard to conflict of law principles thereof that would result in 
the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
 
(b)                                 EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY 
AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE 
OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING HEREUNDER OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THEM 
RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AMENDMENT.  THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER 
IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE 
FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AMENDMENT, 
INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER 
COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS.  EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS 
WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO THIS AMENDMENT, WHICH EACH 
HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT, AND THAT 
EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS.  
EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS 
WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES 
ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.  THIS 
WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR 
IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO 
THIS SECTION OF THIS AMENDMENT AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), 
AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS OR 
MODIFICATIONS HERETO OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO 
THIS AMENDMENT.  IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AMENDMENT MAY BE FILED AS 
A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.
 
(c)                                  This Amendment may be executed in 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed 
an original, but all of such counterparts together shall constitute but one 
and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a 
signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or electronic file shall be 
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
 
[Signature Pages Follow.]
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
DOUGLAS DYNAMICS, INC.
 
DOUGLAS DYNAMICS, L.L.C.
 
DOUGLAS DYNAMICS FINANCE COMPANY
 
FISHER, LLC
 
TRYNEX INTERNATIONAL LLC
 
HENDERSON ENTERPRISES GROUP, INC.
 
HENDERSON PRODUCTS, INC.
 
DEJANA TRUCK & UTILITY EQUIPMENT COMPANY, LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ James L. Janik
 
 
Name: James L. Janik
 
 
Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
[Signature Page to Third Amendment]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
 
Administrative Agent, as Collateral Agent and
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Danielle M. Clarke
 
 
Name: Danielle M. Clarke
 
 
Title: Authorized Signer
 
[Signature Page to Third Amendment]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------