 EX-10.29 45 d201422dex1029.htm EX-10.29
Exhibit 10.29
 
[LOGO]             

December 8, 2016

Flint Besecker
Orchard Park, New York

Via Hand Delivery

Dear Flint,

Pursuant to our conversations over the past week, this letter contains the 
terms of our agreement for the transition of your services (the Letter 
Agreement) with Athenex, Inc. (the Company). The effective date of this 
Letter Agreement is the date that you sign and date this Letter Agreement 
(the Effective Date).

1. You agree to resign your positions as Executive Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer, Chief Business Officer and Secretary of the Company 
immediately as of the Effective Date.

2. You agree to resign your position as a member of the Companys Board of 
Directors (the Board) and any committee of the Board as of the Effective 
Date.

3. The parties hereby agree that the employment agreement between you and 
the Company originally effective July, 1, 2013, restated March 10, 2014 
(the 2014 Agreement), and amended and restated June 1, 2015 (the 2015 
Agreement)(collectively the Employment Agreement) is terminated as of 
the Effective Date.

4. Beginning on the Effective Date, you will be reassigned to the position 
of Strategic Operations and will be based at the Companys office in 
Buffalo, New York. You will report to Johnson Lau, the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company. Your position with the Company will be on a 
part-time basis, which shall be Sixty Percent (60%) of the the full-time 
employment equivalent.

5. Your employment is at will and, accordingly, either the Company or you 
may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or 
without cause or prior notice. Nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be 
construed as, or shall interfere with, abridge, limit, modify, or amend the 
at will nature of your employment.
 
 
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Your annual base salary, adjusted for your part-time status (60% of your 
effort/time), shall be Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000), payable in 
regular installments by, and in accordance with, the general payroll 
practices of the Company. All compensation payable hereunder is subject to 
customary deductions for withholdings, including, without limitation, 
federal and state withholding taxes, social security taxes and state 
disability insurance.

7. At the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors and during your 
employment with the Company, you may participate in all retirement, 
disability, health, medical, dental, insurance and other fringe benefits or 
plans of the Company generally available to other employees of the Company.

8. During your employment with the Company, you have been granted multiple 
stock awards, including stock options, restricted stock awards, and stock 
grants (collectively the Stock Awards). You agree that the Stock Awards 
listed in Exhibit A (Stock Awards (Vested and Unvested Shares) and 
Shareholdings) accurately reflects all Stock Awards granted to you by the 
Company and your holdings of shares of Company Common Stock (the Shares) 
as of the Effective Date. You further agree that the Vested Shares and 
Unvested Shares information set forth for each individual Stock Award in 
Exhibit A is accurate as of the Effective Date.

9. You acquired Four Hundred Forty Thousand (440,000) shares of the 
Companys Series A Preferred Stock (subsequently converted to Shares and 
reflecting 1:4 stock split), on or about March 9, 2014 under the terms and 
conditions set forth in Sections 3 and 4 of the 2015 Agreement prior to the 
amendment of the 2014 Agreement (the 2014 Restricted Shares). The 2014 
Restricted Shares are subject to the following vesting schedule: one-third 
(1/3) of the 2014 Restricted Shares vested on March 9, 2015 and one-third 
(1/3) of the 2014 Restricted Shares vested on March 9, 2016 (the 2014 
Vested Shares) and one-third (1/3) will vest on March 9, 2017 (the 2014 
Unvested Shares). The total number of 2014 Unvested Shares is One Hundred 
Forty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty Seven (146,667) Shares. As 
consideration for entering into this Letter Agreement, you agree that on 
the Effective Date the 2014 Unvested Shares shall be repurchased by the 
Company, notwithstanding your continued employment with the Company, under 
the terms set forth in this Letter Agreement. The repurchase price to be 
paid by the Company for the 2014 Unvested Shares shall be One Dollar ($1), 
which you agree is sufficient consideration for the repurchase of the 2014 
Unvested Shares. The Company shall pay the repurchase price for the 2014 
Unvested Shares to you within ten (10) days of the Effective Date. You 
agree to timely execute any documents provided by Company to facilitate the 
Companys repurchase of the 2014 Unvested Shares.

10. On or about January 30, 2015, the Company and you entered into a 
restricted stock purchase agreement (RSPA) for the purchase by you of Six 
Hundred Thousand (600,000) Shares (post 1:4 stock split) (attached hereto 
as Exhibit B) (the 2015 Restricted Shares). One-third (1/3) of the 2015 
Restricted Shares vested on January 30, 2016 (the 2015 Vested Shares), 
one-third (1/3) will vest on January 30, 2017 and one-third (1/3) will vest 
on January 30, 2018 (together, the 2015 Unvested Shares). The total number 
of 2015 Unvested
 
- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares is Four Hundred Thousand (400,000) Shares. As consideration for 
entering into this Letter Agreement, you agree that on the Effective Date 
the 2015 Unvested Shares shall be repurchased by the Company, 
notwithstanding your continued employment with the Company, under the terms 
set forth in this Letter Agreement. Notwithstanding any share repurchase 
terms set out in the RSPA, you and the Company have determined that the 
repurchase price to be paid by the Company for the 2015 Unvested Shares 
shall be One Dollar ($1), which you agree is sufficient consideration for 
the repurchase of the 2015 Unvested Shares. The Company shall pay the 
repurchase price for the 2015 Unvested Shares to you within ten (10) days 
of the Effective Date. You agree to timely execute any documents provided 
by Company to facilitate the Companys repurchase of the 2015 Unvested 
Shares.

11. On or about January 30, 2015, the Company granted to you Two Hundred 
Thousand (200,000) Shares (post 1:4 stock split) (the 2015 Stock Grant). 
At the time of the 2015 Stock Grant was made to you, the Company withheld 
One Hundred Thousand (100,000) Shares from the 2015 Stock Grant for the 
payment of income taxes owed by you as a result of the income imputed to 
you from the 2015 Stock Grant. Accordingly, a net total of One Hundred 
Thousand (100,000) Shares were issued to you under the 2015 Stock Grant 
(the 2015 Stock Grant Net-Share Issuance). The 2015 Stock Grant was fully 
vested as of the grant date. As consideration for entering into this Letter 
Agreement, you agree that on the Effective Date the 2015 Stock Grant 
Net-Share Issuance shall be repurchased by the Company, notwithstanding 
your continued employment with the Company, under the terms set forth in 
this Letter Agreement. The repurchase price to be paid by the Company for 
the 2015 Stock Grant Net-Share Issuance shall be One Dollar ($1), which you 
agree is sufficient consideration for the repurchase of the 2015 Stock 
Grant Net-Share Issuance. The Company shall pay the repurchase price for 
the 2015 Stock Grant Net-Share Issuance to you within ten (10) days of the 
Effective Date. You agree to timely execute any documents provided by 
Company to facilitate the Companys repurchase of the 2015 Stock Grant 
Net-Share Issuance.

12. On May 22, 2015, you received an award from the Company of options to 
purchase up to One Million Two Hundred Eighty Thousand (1,280,000) Shares 
(post 1:4 stock split) with an exercise price of Seven Dollars and Fifty 
Cents ($7.50) per share (the 2015 Option) pursuant to a Common Stock 
Option Ageement (the 2015 Option Agreement). A copy of the 2015 Option 
Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit C. As consideration for entering 
into this Letter Agreement, you hereby agree to terminate the 2015 Option 
Agreement and forfeit any and all rights that you may have to the 2015 
Option and any Shares issuable upon exercise of the 2015 Option, whether or 
not vested. On the Effective Date, the 2015 Options and the 2015 Option 
Agreement shall be automatically terminated and of no further force and 
effect, and neither the Company nor you shall have any further rights or 
obligations with respect to thereto. You agree to timely execute any 
documents provided by Company to facilitate the termination of the 2015 
Options and 2015 Option Agreement.

13. With the exception of the Companys repurchase of the 2014 Unvested 
Shares pursuant to Paragraph 9 of this Letter Agreement, the Companys 
repurchase of the 2015 Unvested Shares pursuant to Paragraph 10 of this 
Letter Agreement, the Companys repurchase
 
- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the 2015 Stock Grant Net-Share Issuance pursuant to Paragraph 11 of this 
Letter Agreement, and the termination of the 2015 Option pursuant to 
Paragraph 12 of this Letter Agreement, the remaining Stock Awards set forth 
on Exhibit A and all other Shares held by you shall, in addition to the 
terms and conditions of the original stock award agreements, be subject to 
the following limitations on the sale or transfer of the shares currently 
held under those Stock Awards or received upon exercise of a Stock Award:
 
  	 	  	While you have or are aware of inside information (that is, 
material information about the Company that is not yet public but that a 
reasonable investor would consider important in deciding whether to buy or 
sell Shares), you are prohibited by U.S. securities laws and the Companys 
policy on insider trading from trading the shares until the information has 
been disclosed to the public and absorbed by the stock market (which, in 
most cases, is at least the second trading day after the information has 
been made public). All sales of Shares must comply with the Companys 
policy on insider trading, including any applicable window and blackout 
periods.
 
  	 	  	You may not sell, offer, pledge, contract to sell, grant any 
option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, 
grant any right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or 
encumber, directly or indirectly, any shares of the Company Common Stock 
held by you during the period from the filing of the first registration 
statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the 1933 Act), that includes securities to be sold on behalf of the 
Company to the public in an underwritten public offering under the 1933 Act 
through the end of the 180-day period following the effective date of such 
registration statement (or such other period as may be requested by the 
Company or the underwriters to accommodate regulatory restrictions on (i) 
the publication or other distribution of research reports and (ii) analyst 
recommendations and opinions, including, but not limited to, the 
restrictions contained in NASD
Rule 2711(f)(4) or NYSE Rule 472(f)(4), or any successor provisions or 
amendments thereto). You agree, if so requested by the Company or any 
representative of its underwriters, to enter into such underwriters 
standard form of lockup or market standoff agreement in a form 
satisfactory to the Company and such underwriter.
 
  	 	  	As a former officer and director of the Company, you may be deemed 
to be an affiliate of the Company (within the meaning of Rule 405 under 
the 1933 Act and may be subject to restrictions when reselling any Shares 
held by you. Any such resales must be either described in a separate 
prospectus or, in certain instances, registered in a separate registration 
statement, or sold in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144 under 
the 1933 Act or another exemption available under the 1933 Act.
 
- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. In addition to the regulatory restrictions on the sale or transfer of 
any of the Shares currently held by you, including under those Stock Awards 
or received upon exercise of a Stock Award held by you as described in 
Paragraph 13 of this Letter Agreement, you and the Company agree that your 
right to sell or otherwise transfer any of these Shares will be further 
restricted under the following terms:
 
  	 	  	During the time period between six (6) months and twelve (12) 
months after an initial public offering of its Shares by the Company, you 
may only sell, dispose or otherwise deal in up to Twenty-Five Percent (25%) 
of the Shares currently held by you, include those under the Stock Awards 
or received upon exercise of a Stock Award.
 
  	 	  	During the time period between twelve (12) months and eighteen 
(18) months after an initial public offering of its Shares by the Company, 
you may only sell, dispose or otherwise deal in Shares to the extent that 
when such sales, disposals or dealings are aggregated with other sales of 
Shares by you since the Companys initial public offering of its Shares by 
the Company they would not exceed Fifty Percent (50%) of the Shares 
currently held by you, include those under the Stock Awards or received 
upon exercise of a Stock Award.
 
  	 	  	During the time period between eighteen (18) months and 
twenty-four (24) months after an initial public offering of its Shares by 
the Company, you may only sell, dispose or otherwise deal in Shares to the 
extent that when such sales, disposals or dealings are aggregated with 
other sales of Shares by you since the Companys initial public offering of 
its Shares by the Company they would not exceed Seventy-Five Percent (75%) 
of the Shares currently held by you, include those under the Stock Awards 
or received upon exercise of a Stock Award.
 
  	 	  	After twenty-four (24) months following an initial public offering 
of its Shares by the Company, you may sell, dispose or otherwise deal in up 
to One Hundred Percent (100%) of the Shares currently held by you, include 
those under the Stock Awards or received upon exercise of a Stock Award.
 
  	 	  	Any sale of the Shares currently held by you, including those 
under the Stock Awards or received upon exercise of a Stock Award must be 
processed through a broker designated by the Company. The Company shall 
provide you with the information on the designated broker upon your 
request.
 
- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. You understand and agree that the Company shall cause the legends set 
forth below, or substantially equivalent legends, to be placed upon any 
certificate(s) evidencing ownership of the Shares, together with any other 
legends that may be required by the Company or by applicable state or 
federal securities laws:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE 1933 ACT) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED 
UNDER THE ACT OR, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER OF 
THESE SECURITIES, SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION 
OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE ACT.

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN 
RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND A LOCK-UP PERIOD IN THE EVENT OF A PUBLIC 
OFFERING AS WELL AS THE BYLAWS OF THE COMPANY, COPIES OF WHICH MAY BE 
OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER. SUCH TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
AND LOCK-UP PERIOD ARE BINDING ON TRANSFEREES OF THESE SHARES.

16. You agree that to ensure compliance with the sale and transfer 
restrictions applicable to the Shares as referred to herein this Letter 
Agreement, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions 
to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own 
securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own 
records. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any 
Shares which have been sold or transferred in violation of the provisions 
of this Letter Agreement, nor (ii) to treat as the owner of the Shares, or 
otherwise to accord voting or dividend rights to, any transferee to whom 
the Shares have been transferred in contravention of this Letter Agreement.

17. You shall at all times, both during your employment with the Company 
and after termination of your employment, whether by the Company or by you, 
maintain in confidence and not utilize the Proprietary Information or the 
Intellectual Property of the Company, or technology, business or 
proprietary information of others under confidential evaluation or use by 
the Company, including information with respect to the Companys Field of 
Interest and with respect to the Companys application for the public 
offering of its shares (collectively, Confidential Information) except in 
performing services for the Company. Maintaining Confidential Information 
in confidence shall include refraining from disclosing Confidential 
Information to any third party (except when duly and specifically 
authorized in writing to do so for purpose of furthering the business of 
the Company), and refraining from using Confidential Information for your
 
- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
account or for any other person or business entity. You will not file 
patents based on the Companys Confidential Information, nor seek to make 
improvements thereon, without written approval.

For purposes of this Letter Agreement, the following definitions shall 
apply:

Intellectual Property means all Inventions, writing, trade name, 
trademark, service mark or any other material registered or otherwise 
protected or protectable under state, federal, or foreign patent, 
trademark, copyright, or similar laws.

Inventions includes ideas, discoveries, inventions, developments and 
improvements, whether or not reduced to practice and whether or not 
patentable or otherwise protected or protectable under state, federal, or 
foreign patent, trade mark, copyright or similar laws.

Proprietary Information includes any business plans, strategies, and all 
other non-public information concerning the Company, as well as scientific, 
technical, trade or business secrets of the Company and any scientific, 
technical, trade or business materials that the Company treats, or is 
obligated to treat, as confidential or proprietary, including, but not 
limited to, Inventions belonging to the Company and confidential 
information obtained by or given to the Company about or belonging to its 
suppliers, licensors, licensees, partners, affiliates, customers, potential 
customers or others.

18. You shall, upon request of the Company, promptly communicate and 
disclose to the Company all information, observations, and data obtained by 
you in the course of your employment. All written materials, records and 
documents made by the you or coming into your possession during your 
employment concerning the Companys business (collectively, Business 
Information), shall be the sole and absolute property of the Company, and 
upon termination of employment, or upon request of the Company during your 
employment by the Company, you shall promptly deliver the same to the 
Company.

19. If during your employment with the Company, you produce, develop, 
create, invent, conceive or reduce to practice, Inventions and Intellectual 
Property in the Companys Field of Interest, you shall maintain and furnish 
to the Company complete and current records of all such Inventions and 
Intellectual Property. You agree that all such Inventions and Intellectual 
Property are and shall be the exclusive property of the Company, and that 
the Company may use or pursue them without restriction or additional 
compensation to you. You (i) hereby assign, set over and transfer to the 
Company all of your right, title and interest in and to such Inventions and 
Intellectual Property; (ii) to the extent consistent with the Copyright Act 
of 1976 (the Copyright Act), each such Invention or Intellectual Property 
shall be a work made for hire as that term is defined in Section 101 of 
the Copyright Act, and shall be the sole
 
- 7 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
property of the Company and the Company shall be the sole author thereof 
within the meaning of the Copyright Act, and if any such Invention, 
Intellectual Property or any portion thereof is not deemed to be a work 
made for hire, this Letter Agreement shall operate as an irrevocable 
assignment of the copyright to the Invention or Intellectual Property 
throughout the world, and (iii) agree that you and your agents shall, 
during and after the period you are retained by the Company, cooperate 
fully in obtaining patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, mask work or 
other proprietary protection for such Inventions and Intellectual Property, 
which action may be initiated in the Companys sole and absolute 
discretion, all in the name of the Company at its own expense, and, without 
limitation, shall execute all requested applications, assignments and other 
documents in furtherance of obtaining such protection or registration and 
confirming full ownership by the Company of such Inventions and 
Intellectual Property. You hereby designate the Company as your agent, and 
grant to the Company a power of attorney with full substitution, which 
power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, for the 
purposes of effecting the foregoing assignments from you to the Company. 
You shall, upon leaving the Company, provide to the Company in writing a 
full, signed statement of all Inventions and Intellectual Property in which 
you participated prior to termination of your employment.

20. During your employment with the Company and at all times following your 
termination of employment for any reason, you covenant and agree that you 
will not, nor induce others to, disparage the Company, its past and present 
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, products or 
services. Nothing herein shall prohibit you from responding truthfully to 
any governmental investigation, legal process or inquiry related thereto. 
For purposes of this Letter Agreement, the term disparage means any 
statements, whether orally, in writing or through any medium (including, 
but not limited to, the press or other media, computer networks or bulletin 
boards, or any other form of communication), that intentionally disparage, 
defame, or otherwise damage or assail the reputation, integrity or 
professionalism of any of the persons or entities described above.

21. You recognize and acknowledge the competitive and proprietary nature of 
the Companys business operations. You acknowledge and agree that a 
business will be deemed competitive with the Company if it provides 
products or services related to the current or proposed products or 
services, or information now or hereafter provided or offered by the 
Company or under development by the Company that are in the Companys 
Field of Interest, For purpose of clarity, the Companys Field of 
Interest is the discovery, development, commercialization and marketing of 
therapeutics based on (i) kinase inhibitors discovered through Mimetica and 
OPAL, (ii) pre-tubulin polymerization inhibitors, (iii) small molecules 
oncology drugs, or (iv) P-glycoprotein inhibitors based on oral absorption.

You further acknowledge and agree that during the course of performing 
services for the Company, the Company has or will furnish, disclose or make 
available to you confidential and proprietary information related to the 
Companys business and that you have had and will have access to, and 
develop relationships with, the customers, vendors, partners and employees 
of the Company. You also acknowledge that such confidential and proprietary 
information and relationships have been developed and will be developed by 
the Company through the expenditure by the Company of substantial time, 
effort and money and that all such confidential information and 
relationships could be used by you to compete with the Company.
 
- 8 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The restrictive covenants provided herein are made in consideration of your 
compensation for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company and in 
view of the positions held by you, the relationships that have been and 
will be developed and maintained by you on behalf of the Company, and the 
confidential nature and proprietary value of the information which the 
Company may share with you, and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged. During your 
employment and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the 
termination of your employment, whether such termination is voluntary or 
involuntary, you shall not, without the prior written consent of the 
Company:

directly or indirectly, either as principal, agent, stockholder, employee, 
consultant, representative or in any other capacity, own, manage, operate 
or control, or be concerned, connected or employed by, or otherwise act in 
any manner with, engage in or have a financial interest in any business 
which is engaged in the Field of Interest anywhere in the world, except 
that nothing contained herein shall preclude you from purchasing or owning 
stock in any such business if such stock is publicly traded, and provided 
that your holdings are less than five percent (5%) of the issued and 
outstanding capital stock of such business; or

either individually or on behalf of or through any third party, solicit, 
divert, hire or otherwise appropriate or attempt to solicit, divert, hire 
or otherwise appropriate, for the purpose of competing in the Field of 
Interest anywhere in the restricted territory, which is any region in which 
the Company and its subsidiaries have business, with the Company or with 
any present or future parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company, 
any employee or agent of the Company, any joint venture or strategic 
partners of the Company, or any customers, vendors or prospective customers 
or vendors of the Company.

You further recognizes and acknowledges that (i) the types of employment 
which are prohibited by this paragraph are narrow and reasonable in 
relation to the skills which represent your principal salable asset both to 
the Company and to your other prospective the Companys or customers, and 
(ii) the specified but broad geographical scope of the provisions of this 
paragraph is reasonable, legitimate and fair to you in light of the 
Companys need to perform its research and to develop and market its 
services and to develop and sell its products in the global markets in 
order to have a sufficient customer base to make the Companys business 
profitable and in light of the limited restrictions on the type of 
employment prohibited herein compared to the types of employment for which 
you are qualified to earn his livelihood.
 
- 9 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If any part of this section should be determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be unreasonable in duration, geographic area, or scope, 
then this section is intended to and shall extend only for such period of 
time, in such area and with respect to such activity as is determined to be 
reasonable.

22. You agree that any breach of the provisions of this Letter Agreement by 
you will result in irreparable damage to the Company, and it is agreed that 
the Company may prevent any such breach by injunctive proceedings or may 
specifically compel performance by you of your obligations hereunder. You 
agree that if you violate any term of this Letter Agreement, the Company, 
in addition to any other remedies it may have at law or in equity, may 
require an accounting and repayment of all profits, compensation, 
remuneration or other benefits realized, directly or indirectly, as a 
result of such violations (i) by you, or (ii) by any business engaged in 
the Companys Field of Interest controlled, directly or indirectly, by you.

23. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the state of New York, without regard to its choice of 
laws principles. You consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts of 
the State of New York and any federal court situated in New York.

24. If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision 
contained in this Letter Agreement, or any part thereof, is unenforceable 
for any reason, you agree that such court shall have the power to reduce 
the duration or scope of such provision, or otherwise modify such 
provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision 
shall then be enforceable. If, notwithstanding the immediately preceding 
sentence, any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision 
contained in this Letter Agreement, or any part thereof, is unenforceable 
and cannot for any reason be reduced and enforced as described above, you 
agree that such determination shall not affect, impair or invalidate the 
remainder of this Letter Agreement.

25. You hereby irrevocably waive any right to trial by jury that you may 
have in the event that litigation is commenced between the parties at any 
time in the future.

26. This Letter Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon 
the Company, its successors and assigns, including without limitation any 
company which may acquire all or substantially all of the Companys assets 
or business or into which the Company may be consolidated or merged, and 
shall likewise inure to the benefit of and be binding upon you, your heirs, 
executors, administrators and legal representatives. You may assign your 
right to payment or compensation, but may not assign any duties or 
responsibilities or obligations assumed as a result of your employment with 
the Company.

27. The Companys failure to exercise any of its rights in the event you 
breach any of the separate and distinct promises in this Letter Agreement, 
or the Companys failure to exercise any of its rights under similar 
contracts with other executives, shall not be construed as a waiver of any 
breach or prevent the Company from later enforcing strict compliance with 
any and all promises in this Letter Agreement.
 
- 10 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
28. In exchange for the continuation of employment and other consideration 
provided to you in this Letter Agreement, you agree to execute the release 
agreement attached hereto as Exhibit D.

29. You hereby represent and warrant that you (i) have had an opportunity 
to review this Letter Agreement and ask the Company questions about the 
Letter Agreement and (ii) consult with legal counsel about the meaning and 
effect of each Section of this Letter Agreement.

30. The Company will obtain and maintain Directors and Officer insurance 
coverage for you with regard to your former positions as Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief. Operations Officer of the Company. Such insurance may 
offset the Companys indemnification obligations to you under its 
certificate of incorporation and bylaws. The Companys indemnification 
obligations to you may not be diminished by future amendments to its 
certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

31. Except as set forth in this paragraph, this Letter Agreement supersedes 
the 2015 Agreement and any other prior agreements, representations or 
promises of any kind, whether written, oral, express or implied, between 
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matters herein. This Letter 
Agreement constitutes the full, complete and exclusive agreement between 
you and the Company with respect to the subject matters herein.

To indicate your acceptance of the terms of this Letter Agreement, sign and 
return a copy of this Letter Agreement on or before December 15, 2016.
 
By: 	  	 [LOGO]
  	
 
JOHNSON LAU
  	CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER and
  	CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
 
Agreed and Accepted
 Date: December 8, 2016
[LOGO]
 
FLINT BESECKER
 
- 11 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

Stock Awards (Vested and Unvested Shares) and Shareholdings
 
Grant Date
   	
Type of
Award
   	No. of
Shares
(post 1:4 split) 	  	   	Strike Price
(USD,
post 1:4 split) 	  	   	Vested
Shares 	  	   	Unvested
Shares 	 
 May 22, 20151
   	Options 	   	  	1,280,000 	  	   	  	7.50 	  	   	  	426,667 	  	   	  	
853,333 	 
 January 30, 20152
   	Stock 	   	  	100,000 	  	   	  	   	  	   	  	100,000 	  	   	  	0 	 
 January 30, 20153
   	Restricted Stock 	   	  	600,000 	  	   	  	5.50 	  	   	  	200,000 	  	
   	  	400,000 	 
 March 9, 20144
   	Restricted Stock 	   	  	440,000 	  	   	  	4.55 	  	   	  	293,333 	  	
   	  	146,667 	 
 July 1, 2013
   	Options 	   	  	400,000 	  	   	  	4.55 	  	   	  	400,000 	  	   	  	
0 	 
 January 2, 2013 (Director Compensation)
   	Options 	   	  	90,000 	  	   	  	4.55 	  	   	  	90,000 	  	   	  	0 	
 
 March 26, 2012 (Director Compensation)
   	Options 	   	  	16,000 	  	   	  	4.55 	  	   	  	16,000 	  	   	  	0 	
 
 June 15, 2011 (Director Compensation)
   	Options 	   	  	20,000 	  	   	  	4.55 	  	   	  	20,000 	  	   	  	0 	
 
 
 
1  	The May 22, 2015 stock option award will be terminated pursuant to the 
terms of the Letter Agreement.
2  	The total number of Shares received under this stock award, One Hundred 
Thousand (100,000) Shares will be repurchased by the Company pursuant to 
the terms of the Letter Agreement.
3  	The unvested portion of the January 13, 2015 restricted stock award 
will be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Letter 
Agreement.
4  	The unvested portion of the March 9, 2014 restricted stock award will 
be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Letter 
Agreement.
 
- 12 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement
Dated January 30, 2015
 
- 13 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 30, 2015 
(this Agreement), by and among Flint Besecker, an individual (Executive
) and Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Employer).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Executive is employed by Employer as Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated 
as of July 1, 2013 (the Employment Agreement);

WHEREAS, Executive desires to purchase and Employer desires to sell 150,000 
shares of Employers common stock, $.001 par value per share (the 
Restricted Shares) on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, Executive is, concurrently herewith, making in favor of Employer a 
Full Recourse Promissory Note (the Note), in full satisfaction of the 
payment of the Purchase Price (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set 
forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto (each, a 
Party and collectively the Parties) agree as follows:

1. Definitions; Employment Agreement. The terms and conditions of the 
Employment Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given 
to such terms in the Employment Agreement.

2. Note Installments. With respect to the Restricted Stock purchase 
described herein, during the employment period (and the period following 
thereafter that is described in Section 6 of the Executives Employment 
Agreement), any installment that becomes due under the promissory note that 
is executed by Executive pursuant this Purchase Agreement shall be paid by 
Employer to Executive as additional compensation. Employers obligation 
hereunder expires upon a material breach by Executive of the restricted 
covenants in Sections 6,7 or 9, the termination of Executive for Cause (as 
defined in section 5(c)) of the Executives Employment Agreement or the 
resignation of Executive without Good Reason (as defined in Section 5(c)).

3. Restricted Stock Purchase. The Employer hereby sells and issues to 
Executive, and Executive hereby purchase and receives from the Employer, 
the Restricted Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein 
and in the Employment Agreement. The aggregate purchase price for the 
Restricted Shares shall be $3,300,000.00, which is the fair market value of 
such shares, as determined by the Board in good faith and in consultation 
with the Executive (the Purchase Price), which fair market value results 
in a per share purchase price of $22 (the Per Share Purchase Price). The 
Purchase Price is being paid in full by Executive by the delivery of the 
Note, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, executed by 
Executive for the benefit of the Employer.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Vesting of Restricted Shares.

(a) Except as provided in Section 3(b), the Restricted Shares acquired 
hereunder shall vest according to the following schedule, conditioned on 
Employee continuing to provide services under the Employment Agreement, 
which services include compliance with the restrictive covenants described 
in Sections 6, 7 and 9 of the Employment Agreement for a period of up to 
two years following the termination of the Employment Period, provided that 
Executive makes himself reasonably available to Employer as an advisor or 
consultant (for reasonable compensation) during such period. Any Restricted 
Shares which have fully vested pursuant to this Section 1 shall be referred 
to in this Agreement as Vested Shares. Any Restricted Shares which have 
not become Vested Shares shall be referred to in this Agreement as 
Unvested Shares.

(i) One-third of the Restricted Shares shall vest on January 30, 2016;

(ii) An additional one-third of the Restricted Shares shall vest on January 
30, 2017;

(iii) An additional one-third of the Restricted Shares shall vest on 
January 30, 2018.

(b) Other Vesting Events. The Restricted Shares that have not become 
forfeited hereunder will become vested, as described below, upon the 
occurrence of the following:

(i) The Restricted Shares shall become 100% vested upon the occurrence of a 
Liquidity Event described in clause (A) of Section 3(c)(i) of the 
Employment Agreement.

(ii) The Restricted Shares shall become 100% vested upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control described in Section 5(g) of the Employment Agreement, 
whether or not Executives employment is terminated.

(iii) Upon Death or Permanent Disability, the portion of the Restricted 
Shares that have become Vested Shares is the aggregate of (A) the Vested 
Shares determined under Section 3(a), and (B) a fraction of the Restricted 
Shares that are subject to vesting during the calendar year, the numerator 
determined by the number of months service performed during the year by 
Executive and the denominator is twelve (12). A month of service will be 
credited for a partial month in which the Executive is employed for at 
least ten (10) days.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Restrictions on Transfer of Unvested Shares. The Unvested Shares shall 
not be sold, exchanged, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or 
otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly, and shall not be subject to 
execution, attachment or similar process.

6. Repurchase by the Employer.

(a) Upon the termination of the Employment Period and Executives provision 
of services as a consultant pursuant to Section 5(f) of the Employment 
Agreement, or pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the Employer shall have the 
right, but not the obligation, to repurchase all or any portion of the 
Restricted Shares, including any Vested Shares and/or Unvested Shares (the 
Repurchase Right).

(b) The purchase price (the Repurchase Price) shall be determined as 
follows:

(i) The Repurchase Price for each of the Unvested Shares pursuant to which 
the Repurchase Right is being exercised shall be equal to the Per Share 
Purchase Price.

(ii) The Repurchase Price for each of the Vested Shares pursuant to which 
the Repurchase Right is being exercised shall be equal to the Fair Market 
Value (as defined in Section 6 below).

(c) The Employer shall have the right to exercise the Repurchase Right (i) 
for ninety (90) days after the period described above by giving to 
Executive written notice of such exercise, or (ii) upon not less than ten 
business days prior written notice in the event of any exercise pursuant 
to Section 10 hereof, in each case, specifying the number of Vested Shares 
and Unvested Shares to be repurchased by the Employer and the aggregate 
Repurchase Price thereof. In the event that the Employer has elected to 
exercise the Repurchase Right as to part or all of the Restricted Shares 
within the period described above, Executive shall deliver to the Employer 
certificate(s) representing the Restricted Shares to be acquired by the 
Employer within twenty (20) days following the date of the notice from the 
Employer, or within ten (10) days following determination of Fair Market 
Value, whichever is later. The Employer shall deliver to Executive against 
delivery of the Restricted Shares the Repurchase Price. The Employer may 
pay the Repurchase Price by offsetting any amounts due under Note and 
paying the balance due in cash to Executive.

(d) The Repurchase Right shall terminate with respect to Vested Shares and 
Unvested Shares for which it is not timely exercised under Section 5(c) 
above. In addition, the Repurchase Right shall terminate with respect to 
Vested Shares upon (A) a Change of Control, or (B) the occurrence of 
Liquidity Event described in clause (A) of Section 3(c)(i) of the 
Employment Agreement.

7. Fair Market Value. For purposes of the Repurchase Right described in 
this Agreement, the term Fair Market Value shall mean the fair market 
value per share of the Vested Shares as agreed to in good faith between 
Executive and the Employer. The parties acknowledge that the purchase price 
set forth in Section 2 above represents the Fair Market Value of the 
Restricted Shares on the date hereof. If Executive and the Employer are 
unable to agree upon a fair market value per share within twenty (20) days 
following the notice of the
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
exercise of the Repurchase Right pursuant to Section 5, the value of the 
Vested Shares shall be determined by an independent appraiser selected by 
the mutual agreement of such parties. If such parties are unable to agree 
upon a mutually acceptable appraiser within twenty (20) days following the 
notice of exercise of the Repurchase Right pursuant to Section 5, an 
independent appraiser selected by the Employer and an independent appraiser 
selected by Executive shall appraise the fair market value of the Vested 
Shares. If the two appraisers cannot agree as to the fair market value of 
the Vested Shares, the fair market value shall be determined by a third 
appraiser selected by each of the appraisers selected by the Employer and 
Executive. The Employer and Executive shall share equally the costs of any 
appraisers.

8. Representations and Warranties of the Employer. The Employer hereby 
represents and warrants to Executive as follows:

(a) All corporate action on the part of the Employer, its officers and 
directors necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the performance of all obligations of the Employer hereunder and 
the authorization, issuance (or reservation for issuance) and delivery of 
the Restricted Shares being granted hereunder has been taken or will be 
taken prior to the execution of this Agreement, and this Agreement 
constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Employer which is 
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(b) The Restricted Shares which are being sold hereunder, when issued, sold 
and delivered in accordance with the terms hereof for the consideration 
expressed herein will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable (except as set forth herein) and, based in part upon the 
representations of Executive in this Agreement, will be issued in 
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

9. Representations and Warranties of Executive. Executive represents and 
warrants to Employer as follows:

(a) Executive represents that the Restricted Shares are being acquired for 
a personal account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to 
the distribution, resale or other disposition thereof.

(b) Executive acknowledges that the Employer is issuing the Restricted 
Shares without registering such Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state, on the 
basis of certain exemptions from such registration requirements.

(c) Executive recognizes that the Restricted Shares (including the Vested 
Shares) must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered 
or qualified under applicable federal or state securities laws or an 
exemption from such registration or qualification is available, and further 
recognizes that the Employer is under no obligation to register or qualify 
such Restricted Shares or to comply with any exemption from such 
registration or qualification.

(d) Executive further agrees in no event to make any disposition of all or 
any part of the Vested Shares unless and until (i) Executive shall have 
notified the Employer of the proposed disposition; (ii) Executive shall 
have received an opinion of counsel to the effect that such disposition 
will not require the registration or qualification of the Vested Shares 
under
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
applicable securities laws; and (iii) such opinion of counsel shall have 
been concurred in by the Employers counsel and the Employer shall have 
advised Executive of such concurrence. Executive acknowledges that any 
certificates representing the Restricted Shares may bear legends that arc 
deemed appropriate by Employers counsel regarding the restrictions on 
disposition of the Restricted Shares.

(e) Executive acknowledges receipt of all such information as Executive 
deems necessary and appropriate to enable Executive to evaluate the 
financial risk inherent in acquiring the Restricted Shares and acknowledges 
receipt of satisfactory and complete information covering the business and 
financial condition of the Employer, including the opportunity to obtain 
information regarding the Employers financial status, in response to all 
inquiries in respect thereof. Executive acknowledges and represents that 
(A) Executive has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the 
Employer and with certain of the Employers officers and directors, and (B) 
Executive has the business and financial experience necessary to evaluate 
this investment.

10. Section 83(b) Election. Executive may at his option make and submit a 
written election effective under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code 
with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days of the date of 
this Agreement to be taxed on the fair market value of the Restricted 
Shares on the date of this Agreement over the Purchase Price.

11. Tax Withholdings. In the event that Employer is obligated to withhold 
any amounts with respect to the Restricted Shares in order to satisfy 
withholding tax obligations under federal, state or local law, which may 
occur due to the terms of repayment of the promissory note described in 
this Agreement, if the Executive does not remit sufficient funds to satisfy 
such withholding obligations or make other satisfactory arrangement 
therefore, the Employer may satisfy such withholding obligations by 
repurchasing Shares from Executive at fair market value under the terms of 
Section 5 sufficient to cover the minimum withholding obligation.

12. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Note and the 
Employment Agreement, contains and constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding between Executive and Employer and supersedes and cancels all 
prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof, 
whether written or oral. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be 
changed, waived, discharged or terminated, except in writing signed by the 
Parties hereto.

13. Severability. Should any one or more of the provisions of this 
Agreement or any agreement entered into pursuant hereto be determined to be 
illegal or unenforceable, all other provisions of this Agreement and such 
other agreements shall be given effect separately from the provision or 
provisions determined to be illegal or unenforceable and shall not be 
affected thereby.

14. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its 
principles of conflicts of laws. Each Party hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally consents to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the 
courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America located 
in the State of New York.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. Further Assurances. Each Party covenants that at any time, and from 
time to time, it will execute such additional instruments and take such 
actions as may be reasonably requested by the other Party to confirm or 
perfect or otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this 
Agreement.

16. Waiver. Any failure on the part of any Party to comply with any of its 
obligations, agreements or conditions hereunder may be waived by any other 
Party to whom such compliance is owed. No waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement shall be deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other 
provision, whether or not similar nor shall any waiver constitute a 
continuing waiver.

17. Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable by any Party hereto, 
by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the 
other Party.

18. Binding Effect. All of the terms of this Agreement, whether so 
expressed or not, shall be binding upon the respective personal 
representatives, successors and assigns of the Parties hereto and shall 
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective personal 
representatives, successors and assigns of the Parties hereto.

19. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

20. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile or other 
electronic signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and 
the same instrument.

21. Costs. Each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the 
date first above written.
 
EXECUTIVE:
[LOGO]
 
Flint D. Besecker
 
EMPLOYER:
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
By: 	  	 [LOGO]
Name: 	  	
 
Jinn Wu
Title: 	  	Chair, Compensation Committee


[Signature page  Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

Stock Option Agreement
Dated May 22, 2015
 
- 14 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO. 200

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

2013 COMMON STOCK OPTION PLAN

COMMON STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made as of May 22, 2015, by and between Kinex 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the company), and FLINT 
BESECKER (the Grantee).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 
Common Stock Option Plan, as amended (the Plan), for the benefit of its 
Employees, Directors and Consultants; and

WHEREAS, the Committee has authorized the grant to the Grantee of a Common 
Stock Option under the Plan, on the terms and conditions set forth in the 
Plan and as hereinafter provided;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises contained herein, the 
Company and the Grantee hereby agree as follows:
 
  	1. 	Definitions.

Except as set forth above, Terms used in this Agreement which are defined 
in the Plan shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan.
 
  	2. 	Grant of Option.

The Committee hereby grants to the Grantee an option to purchase THREE 
HUNDRED TWENTY THOUSAND (320,000) shares of the Companys Common Stock for 
an Option price per share equal to USD $30.00 (the Option).
 
  	3. 	Option Terms and Exercise Period.

(a) The Option shall be exercised, and payment by the Grantee of the Option 
price shall be made, pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

(b) All or any part of the Option may be exercised by the Grantee no later 
than the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement and the Option shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the 
tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement, or (ii) the date on which 
the Option is fully exercised.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO. 200
 
  	4. 	Vesting.

The Option shall vest and become exercisable pursuant to the following 
schedule:

33% upon the first anniversary date of this Option;

33% upon the second anniversary date of this Option; AND

34% upon the third anniversary date of this Option.

The Grantee shall forfeit any unvested portion of the Option upon 
termination of his or her status as an Employee, Director or Consultant for 
any reason. Notwithstanding the above schedule, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control, the Grantee shall automatically become 100% vested in 
the Option.
 
  	5. 	Termination of Consultant Status.

Except for the mandatory exercise periods set forth in the last sentence of 
subsection (a), last sentence of subsection (c) and second sentence of 
subsection (d), Section 3 of Article II of the Plan shall control.
 
  	6. 	Restrictions on Transfer of Option.

This Agreement and the Option shall not be transferable otherwise than (a) 
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (b) by inter vivos 
gift to any Family Member, and the Option shall be exercisable, during the 
Grantees lifetime, solely by the Grantee, except on account of the 
Grantees Disability, and solely by the transferee in the case of a 
transfer by inter vivos gift to a Family Member.
 
  	7. 	Exercise of Option.

(a) The Option shall become exercisable at such time as shall be provided 
herein or in the Plan and shall be exercisable by written notice of such 
exercise, in the form prescribed by the Committee, to the Secretary of the 
Company, at its principal office. The notice shall specify the number of 
Common Stock for which the Option is being exercised.

(b) Common Stock purchased pursuant to the Option shall be paid for in full 
at the time of such purchase in cash or by check, bank draft or postal or 
express money order or by cashless exercise, as prescribed by the 
Committee.
 
  	8. 	Regulation by the Committee.

This Agreement and the Option shall be subject to any administrative 
procedures and rules as the Committee shall adopt. All decisions of the 
Committee upon any question arising under the Plan or under this Agreement, 
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Grantee and any person or persons 
to whom any portion of the Option has been transferred by will, by the laws 
of descent and distribution or by inter vivos gift to a Family Member.
 
  	9. 	Reservation of Common Stock.

With respect to the Option, the Company hereby agrees to at all times 
reserve for issuance and/or delivery upon payment by the Grantee of the 
Option price, such number of Common Stock as shall be required for issuance 
and/or delivery upon such payment pursuant to the Option.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO. 200
 
  	10. 	Delivery of Share Certificates.

Within a reasonable time after the exercise of the Option the Company shall 
cause to be delivered to the Grantee, his legal representative or his 
beneficiary, a certificate for the Common Stock purchased pursuant to the 
exercise of the Option.
 
  	11. 	Amendment.

The Committee may amend this Agreement at any time and from time to time; 
provided, however, that no amendment of this Agreement that would 
materially and adversely Impair the Grantees rights or entitlements with 
respect to the Option shall be effective without the prior written consent 
of the Grantee.
 
  	12. 	Plan Terms.

The terms of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference.
 
  	13. 	Effective Date of Grant.

The Option shall be effective as of the date first written above.
 
  	14. 	Grantee Acknowledgment.

By executing this Agreement, the Grantee hereby acknowledges that he (a) 
has received and read the Plan and this Agreement and agrees to be bound by 
all of the terms of both the Plan and this Agreement, and (b) upon 
exercising any portion of the Option, shall enter into and be bound by all 
of the terms of the Companys Limited Liability Company Agreement, as 
amended, or any shareholders agreement if the Company converts to a 
corporation.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
 
By:
 
  	
[LOGO]
 
  	 
Jinn Wu, Chair of Compensation Committee
 
[LOGO] 	  	Grantee
Flint Besecker
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO. 200

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
EXERCISE FORM

DATED:             , 20    

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise Kinex 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) Option No.      to the extent of 
purchasing                      shares of Common Stock of the Company and 
hereby makes a payment of $         in payment of the exercise price per 
share set forth in the Option.


INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION AND DELIVERY OF COMMON SHARES
 
NAME: 	  	
 
(Please typewrite or print in block letters)
 
ADDRESS: 	  	
 

Please forward the stock certificate to the registered owner of the Common 
Shares upon issuance.
 
SIGNATURE: 	  	
 
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

Release Agreement

Except as provided for in, and subject to, the Retention of Rights 
Regarding Government Agencies clause of this Release Agreement, for the 
time period up to the date you sign this Release Agreement (the Release 
Execution Date), you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release and 
forever discharge, for yourself and for your heirs, estate, spouse and 
child or children (if any), attorneys, representatives, heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors, assigns, and agents, Athenex, Inc. and each of 
its past and present affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, related companies, 
directors, employees, predecessors, and successors, and each of their 
respective past and present directors, officers, benefit plans, management 
committees, members, agents, employees, trustees, representatives, 
attorneys, shareholders, partners, benefit plan fiduciaries and 
administrators, and assigns, and all persons acting by, through, under, or 
in concert with any of them (collectively, the Athenex, Inc. Releasees), 
from any and all actions, complaints, rights, claims, charges, causes of 
action, liabilities, costs, and damages, known or unknown, asserted or 
unasserted, suspected or not, fixed or contingent, and in law or in equity, 
which you now have, or may ever have had, against any of the Athenex, Inc. 
Releasees, including but not limited to any and all actions, complaints, 
rights, claims, charges, causes of action, liabilities, costs, and damages 
concerning, relating to, predicated upon, or arising out of, directly or 
indirectly, your employment with the Company and/or separation therefrom.

Except as provided for in, and subject to, the Retention of Rights 
Regarding Government Agencies clause of this Release Agreement, this 
Release Agreement expressly includes any and all actions, complaints, 
rights, claims, charges, causes of action, liabilities, costs, and damages 
based upon any conduct occurring up to and including, or that have accrued 
as of, the date that you sign the Release Agreement (and any obligations or 
causes of action arising from or predicated upon such claims), including 
but not limited to any and all claims:
 
  	 	  	arising under common law, including wrongful or retaliatory 
discharge, breach of contract, or based upon a violation of public policy;
 
  	 	  	sounding in tort, including fraud, conversion, libel, slander, 
defamation, or intentional infliction of emotional distress;
 
  	 	  	arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 
the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 
1867, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 
1991, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Fair Labor Standards 
Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the National Labor Relations Act, 
the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act, the Genetic
 
- 15 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Information Nondiscrimination Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 
2009, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the 
Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act, the Rehabilitation Act, Section 1981 of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1866, the New York State Executive Law, the New York State 
Human Rights Law, the New York City Administrative Code, the New York City 
Human Rights Law, the New York Labor Law, the New York Retaliatory Action 
by Employers Law, the New York State Worker Adjustment and Retraining 
Notification Act, the New York Nondiscrimination for Legal Actions Law, the 
New York Wage Theft Prevention Act, the New York City Earned Sick Time Act, 
or the New York Civil Rights Law;
 
  	 	  	of discrimination, harassment, retaliation, improper wage payment, 
or any other unlawful employment practice under federal, state, municipal, 
local, or foreign law;
 
  	 	  	arising under any federal, state, municipal, local, or foreign 
law, rule, or regulation that in any way prohibits discrimination, 
harassment, retaliation, improper wage payment, or any other unlawful 
employment practice, or that is in any way related to employment and/or the 
separation therefrom; and
 
  	 	  	arising under any other federal, state, municipal, local, or 
foreign law, rule, or regulation, including but not limited to civil rights 
laws, wage-hour, wage-payment, pension, or labor laws, rules, and 
regulations, constitutions, ordinances, public policy, contract or tort 
laws, or any other action.

Except as provided for in, and subject to, the Retention of Rights 
Regarding Government Agencies clause of this Release Agreement, you 
expressly acknowledge that this Release Agreement is also intended to 
include in its effect, without limitation, any and all claims which you do 
not know of or suspect may exist in your favor at the time of execution of 
this Agreement, and that this Agreement will also extinguish any such 
claim. The provisions of any laws providing in substance that releases 
shall not extend to claims which are unknown or unsuspected, at the time of 
execution, to the person executing such waiver or release, are hereby 
expressly waived by you.

Except as provided for in, and subject to, the Retention of Rights 
Regarding Government Agencies clause of this Agreement, you further 
acknowledge and understand that you are waiving any right you may have to 
sue any of the Athenex, Inc. Releasees for any of the claims you have 
released, or to receive any compensation, recovery, monetary relief, 
damages, settlement, or other individual relief arising as a result of any 
action, claim, lawsuit, grievance, complaint, or proceeding commenced by 
anyone else against any of the Athenex, Inc. Releasees.

You represent and warrant that you have not, either individually or on a 
collective basis, commenced, maintained, prosecuted, or participated in any 
action, claim, lawsuit, grievance, complaint, or proceeding of any kind 
against any of the Athenex, Inc. Releasees in any court or before any 
administrative or investigative body or agency. Further, to the extent that 
you have, and except as provided for in,
 
- 16 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and subject to, the Retention of Rights Regarding Government Agencies 
clause of this Release Agreement, you agree that you shall withdraw or 
dismiss, and shall undertake all measures necessary to effectuate the 
withdrawal or dismissal of, any such action, claim, lawsuit, grievance, 
complaint, or proceeding, with prejudice, within thirty (30) business days 
following the Release Execution Date. In the event that you are unable to 
unilaterally withdraw or dismiss any such action, claim, lawsuit, 
grievance, complaint, or proceeding, you represent and warrant that you 
shall request, to the fullest possible extent, the withdrawal or dismissal 
with prejudice of such action, claim, lawsuit, grievance, complaint, or 
proceeding. In the event that any action, claim, lawsuit, grievance, 
complaint, or proceeding is commenced by you or on your behalf, you hereby 
waive any right to compensation, recovery, monetary relief, damages, 
settlement, or other individual relief.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, by entering into this Release Agreement, you 
are not releasing claims that may not be waived or released as a matter of 
law, including but not necessarily limited to any claims for enforcement of 
this Release Agreement, claims that arise after the date that you sign the 
Release Agreement, or any rights or claims you may have to receive workers 
compensation or unemployment insurance benefits.

Retention of Rights Regarding Government Agencies. Nothing in this Release 
Agreement is intended to, or shall, limit or interfere, in any way, with 
your right or ability, under federal, state, or local law, to file or 
initiate a charge, claim, or complaint of discrimination, or any other 
unlawful employment practice, that cannot legally be waived, or to 
communicate, with any federal, state, or local government agency charged 
with the enforcement and/or investigation of claims of unlawful employment 
practices, including but not necessarily limited to the U.S. Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or city fair employment 
practices agency. Further, nothing in this Release Agreement is intended 
to, or shall, limit or interfere, in any way, with your right or ability to 
participate in or cooperate with any investigation or proceeding conducted 
by any such agency. Further, nothing in this Release Agreement shall be 
construed as, or shall interfere with, abridge, limit, restrain, or 
restrict your (or your attorneys) right, without prior authorization from 
or notification to the Company, to engage in any activity or conduct 
protected by Section 7 or any other provision of the National Labor 
Relations Act; to report possible violations of federal, state, or local 
law or regulation to any government agency or entity, including but not 
limited, to the extent applicable, to the U.S. Department of Labor, the 
Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), 
the Congress, and/or any agency Inspector General, or make other 
disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of 
federal, state, or local law or regulation; or to communicate directly 
with, respond to any inquiry from, or provide testimony before, to the 
extent applicable, the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, 
any other self-regulatory organization, or any other federal, state, or 
local regulatory authority, regarding this Release Agreement or its 
underlying facts or circumstances. You and the Company acknowledge and 
agree that your right and ability to engage and participate in the
 
- 17 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
activities described in this paragraph shall not be limited or abridged, in 
any way, by any term, condition, or provision of, or obligation imposed by, 
this Release Agreement, including but not limited to the confidentiality 
and non-disparagement clauses. You and the Company further acknowledge and 
agree that nothing in this Release Agreement is intended to deter you from 
engaging or participating in any of the activities described in this 
paragraph. To the extent that any term or condition of this Release 
Agreement is inconsistent with this paragraph of the Release Agreement, 
this paragraph shall supersede and invalidate such term or condition to the 
extent necessary to ensure that your rights under federal, state, and local 
law are fully protected and guaranteed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you 
understand that the waivers and releases in this Release Agreement shall be 
construed and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law.

However, you also understand and acknowledge that, by signing this Release 
Agreement, you have completely waived your right to receive any individual 
relief, including monetary damages, in connection with any such claim, 
charge, complaint, investigation, or proceeding, and if you are awarded 
individual relief and/or monetary damages in connection therewith, you 
hereby unconditionally assign to the Company, and agree to undertake any 
and all measures necessary to effectuate such assignment of, any right or 
interest you may have to receive such individual relief and/or monetary 
damages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Release Agreement does not 
limit your right to receive an award for information provided to the SEC.

In addition, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any 
federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret 
that: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local 
government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and 
(ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in 
a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, 
in the event that you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for 
reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the trade secret 
to your attorney and use the trade secret information in the court 
proceeding, if you: (A) file any document containing the trade secret under 
seal; and (B) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court 
order.

Legal Representation. You acknowledge and represent that you have had ample 
opportunity to receive the advice of independent legal counsel prior to the 
execution of this Release Agreement  and the Company hereby advises you to 
do so  and ample opportunity to receive an explanation from such legal 
counsel of the legal nature and effect of this Release Agreement, that you 
have fully exercised that opportunity to the extent you desired, and that 
you fully understand the terms and provisions of this Release Agreement as 
well as its nature and effect. You further acknowledge and represent that 
you are entering into this Release Agreement completely freely and 
voluntarily.
 
- 18 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Waiver. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Release Agreement shall 
be deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other provision, whether or 
not similar. No waiver shall constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver 
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party charged with the 
waiver.

Severability. Should any provision of this Release Agreement be declared 
illegal or unenforceable by any court, administrative agency, or other 
entity, the parties agree that said court, administrative agency, or other 
entity shall possess full discretion to interpret or modify all such 
provisions to the minimum extent necessary to be declared enforceable. If 
such interpretation or modification is not possible, such provision shall 
immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of the Release 
Agreement in full force and effect. However, in the event a court, 
administrative agency, or other entity finds the Release set forth above to 
be illegal, void, or unenforceable, you agree, at the Companys option, to 
execute a release, waiver, and/or covenant that is legal and enforceable to 
effectuate the terms of this Release Agreement.

Successors and Assigns. This Release Agreement shall not be assignable by 
you, but shall be binding upon you and upon your heirs, administrators, 
representatives, executors, and successors. This Release Agreement shall be 
freely assignable by the Company without restriction and, without 
limitation of the foregoing, shall be deemed automatically assigned by the 
Company with your consent in the event of any sale, merger, share exchange, 
consolidation, or other business reorganization. This Release Agreement 
shall inure to the benefit of the Company, the Athenex, Inc. Releases, and 
their successors and assigns.

Governing Law. This Release Agreement shall in all respects be interpreted, 
enforced, and governed by and in accordance with the internal substantive 
laws (and not the laws of choice of laws) of the State of New York. Any 
dispute arising out of or concerning this Release Agreement shall be 
brought in, and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of, 
any federal or state court located in New York County.

Consideration Period. You have a period of twenty-one (21) calendar days 
from the date of this Release Agreement to consider this Release Agreement 
before signing it (the Consideration Period). You may use as much of the 
Consideration Period as you wish before signing this Release Agreement, and 
any material or immaterial changes to the Release Agreement will not 
restart the running of the Consideration Period. If the last day of the 
Consideration Period falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, then the last 
day of the Consideration Period shall be deemed to be the next business 
day. In the event that you do not sign and return this Release Agreement to 
the Company prior to the expiration of the Consideration Period, this 
Release Agreement will expire and be rendered null, void, and 
unenforceable, and you will not be entitled to receive the Separation 
Payment.
 
- 19 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revocation Period. In accordance with the Older Workers Benefit Protection 
Act, you may revoke your consent to this Release Agreement for a period of 
seven (7) calendar days following your signing of this Release Agreement 
(the Revocation Period). The parties agree that such revocation shall be 
effective only if an originally executed written notice of revocation is 
delivered to Athenex, Inc., at Conventus Building, 1001 Main Street, Suite 
600 Buffalo, New York 14203, Attention: Johnson Lau, on or before 5:00 p.m. 
on the seventh calendar day after the date you execute this Release 
Agreement. If the last day of the Revocation Period falls on a Saturday, 
Sunday, or holiday, then the last day of the Revocation Period shall be 
deemed to be the next business day. This Release Agreement does not become 
effective or enforceable until the Revocation Period has expired (without 
revocation), at which time the Release Agreement becomes forever binding 
and fully effective and enforceable. In the event that you revoke this 
Release Agreement prior to the expiration of the Revocation Period, this 
Release Agreement will be rendered null, void, and unenforceable, and you 
will not be entitled to receive the Separation Payment.

Voluntary Release Agreement. You acknowledge that you are entering into 
this Release Agreement voluntarily and that you have read and understand 
the provisions of this Release Agreement. You further acknowledge and 
understand that, except as provided for in, and subject to, the Retention 
of Rights Regarding Government Agencies clause of this Release Agreement, 
this Release Agreement contains a full and final release of all of your 
claims against the Company and the Athenex, Inc. Releasees, as described 
above. You have the right to consult with an attorney. The Company hereby 
advises you, again, to consult with an attorney of your choice before 
signing this Release Agreement.

Counterparts. This Release Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts or multiple originals, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument or document. The parties agree that facsimile and electronic 
signatures shall have the same force and effect as originals thereof.

[Signature Page to Follow]
 
- 20 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

Please acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of this Release 
Agreement by signing below and returning it to me no later than twenty-one 
(21) days from the date of this letter. A second copy of this Release 
Agreement has been signed by me and is attached for your records.
 
ATHENEX, INC.
[LOGO]
 
JOHNSON LAU
Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board
Dated: 	  	Dec 8, 2016

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
 
[LOGO]
 
Signature
FLINT BESECKER
Dated: 	  	Dec 8, 2016