 EX-10.21 37 d201422dex1021.htm EX-10.21
Exhibit 10.21

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions
 
[LOGO]

NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD

December 29, 2016

VIA E-MAIL

Athenex API limited
Hong Kong
 
Re: 	Binding Term Sheet  Pemetrexed License and Distribution

To whom it may concern,

This binding term sheet (this Term Sheet) contains the basic terms that 
the Parties hereto may incorporate into a definitive License, Supply and 
Distribution Agreement (the Definitive Agreement) to be negotiated by and 
between Athenex API Limited (Athenex) organized under the law of Hong 
Kong on the one hand and Nang-Kuang, Pharmaceutical Co., LTD (NK) 
organized under the law of Taiwan and CANDA NK-2, LLC (CANDA) organized 
under the law of Texas on the other hand (Athenex, NK and CANDA are each 
sometimes individually referred to herein as a Party and collectively the 
Parties) for the Product (as defined below). The proposed transaction is 
subject to due diligence by Athenex and the negotiation, execution, 
signature and delivery of the Definitive Agreement and any other agreements 
related thereto. With this understanding, please either respond with any 
objections, corrections, and suggested revisions to the proposed terms, or 
acknowledge your desire to move forward in the negotiations generally as 
set forth herein by signing and returning a copy of this letter.


GENERAL TERMS:
 
Product:
Pemetrexed Disodium Injection, the generic equivalent of Alimta®, in 100mg 
and 500mg presentations as described in ANDA No. 207352 (the Regulatory 
Submission).
 
Territory:
The United States of America, including all of its possessions, territories 
and dependencies.
 
Term/Termination:
The term of the Definitive Agreement shall commence on the date of complete 
execution of the Definitive Agreement and continue for a period of ten (10)
 years from the date of the first commercial sale of the Product in the 
Territory by Athenex (the Initial Term), which shall automatically renew 
for successive two (2) year periods (each a Renewal Term and
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
  	
together with the Initial Term, the Term), unless either Party delivers 
written notice to the other Party, at least six (6) months prior to the 
expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, of its election not to 
renew the Definitive Agreement.
 
  	The Definitive Agreement may be terminated prior to the expiration of 
the Term for reasons including, but not limited to, the following:
 
  	(a) 	Athenex may terminate, immediately upon written notice to NK, if NK 
materially breaches any of the terms of the Quality Agreement to be 
executed by the Parties.
 
  	(b) 	Either Party may terminate upon sixty (60) days prior written 
notice if the other Party materially breaches any of its covenants, 
representations or warranties contained or incorporated by reference in the 
Definitive Agreement and such breach is not cured within such 60-day 
period after receiving written notice of the breach from the other Party.
 
  	(c) 	Either Party may terminate immediately upon written notice to the 
other Party in the event that the other Party: (i) is or becomes insolvent; 
(ii) files, or has filed against it, a petition in bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation or dissolution of assets, which, in the case of a petition 
filed against it, has not been dismissed within ninety (90) days; (iii) 
fails generally to pay its debts as they become due or admits in writing 
its inability to pay its debts; (iv) makes any assignment for the benefit 
of creditors; (v) has appointed a receiver of its property or a substantial 
portion thereof; or (vi) voluntarily takes advantage of any other law or 
procedure for the protection of debtors.
 
  	(d) 	Athenex may terminate upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to 
NK in the event the Transfer Price Formula B calculation (described below) 
results in an amount equal to or less than zero, and the Parties are unable 
to reach agreement on reductions to the actual cost of the Products to 
Athenexs satisfaction.
 
Development:
NK has completed the development of the Product according to current Good 
Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs) and filed the Regulatory Submission with 
the FDA for the commercialization of the Product in the Territory, which 
Regulatory Submission is pending approval from the FDA.
 
Supply:
NK shall be responsible, at its expense, for the following: (i) ensuring 
that the Product is manufactured according to cGMPs and (ii) ensuring that 
any facility or facilities used in the manufacture of the Product (each a 
Facility) is prepared for and ready to pass FDA inspections, and are, at 
all times designed, maintained, operated and updated as necessary to ensure 
compliance with cGMPs and in fact remain so compliant.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
Ownership;
License;
Regulatory Fees:
All right, title and interest in the Regulatory Submission is currently 
owned by NK. Notwithstanding the foregoing, NK/CANDA will grant to Athenex 
an exclusive, royalty-free, non-cancellable, sub-licensable license in and 
to all intellectual property, know-how and any other proprietary rights 
associated with the Product and the Regulatory Submission for the Product 
to promote, use, sell, have sold, offer for sale, market, distribute, 
import and otherwise commercialize the Product in the Territory (the 
License). Subject to the terms of the License, Athenex shall have the 
sole and absolute discretion as to all matters pertaining to the promotion, 
marketing, sale and commercialization of the Product in the Territory. 
Athenex would be responsible for determining the price to advertise and 
charge its customers for the Product in its sole discretion. Each Party 
shall cooperate with the other Party and shall provide each other with all 
support reasonably requested by the other Party in connection with the 
maintenance of such Regulatory Submission. NK/CANDA shall be responsible 
for maintaining the Regulatory Submission associated with the Product, and 
shall pay all GDUFA or other fees, costs and expenses associated with the 
Regulatory Submission.
 
Exclusive Supply:
NK/CANDA would appoint Athenex as its sole and exclusive distributor for 
marketing and selling or otherwise commercializing the Product in the 
Territory. During the Term, NK/CANDA shall not market, distribute, sell or 
supply the Product in the Territory, nor shall NK/CANDA appoint, license, 
authorize, or permit any party other than Athenex or Athenexs designee, as 
the case may be, to market, distribute, sell, or supply the Product in the 
Territory. In addition, NK/CANDA would not sell or supply Product to any 
person or entity that NK/CANDA knows or reasonably should know intends to 
resell the Product in the Territory. Athenex shall purchase all of its 
requirements for the Product from NK based upon Transfer Price Formula A 
(defined below), subject to NKs ability to meet Athenexs forecasted 
requirements, and Athenex shall be entitled to maintain a qualified back up 
source for the Product in the event of a failure of NK to supply the 
Product without prejudice to any other rights available to NK under this 
term sheet and applicable law including the rights provided in the 
Financial Terms section of this term sheet. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
the event that Athenex obtains Product from such back up supplier, Athenex 
would not be required to make any Second Payments (as defined below) to NK 
in connection with such Product.
 
Labeling, Marketing:
The Product would be marketed on a private label basis under the Athenex 
brand. Athenex would design the label for the Product and
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
  	
market the Product in its sole discretion, subject to applicable law, and 
would be responsible for all regulatory submissions required in connection 
with such labeling and marketing. NK would label the Product in accordance 
with Athenexs instructions, and Athenex would provide to NK all materials 
necessary for such labeling, including designs and artwork. All 
intellectual property created, generated, developed, or derived by or on 
behalf of Athenex in connection with the labeling and marketing of the 
Product would be the exclusive property of Athenex.
 
Third Party Infringement Claims:
If any third-party claim, demand, or cause of action (Action) claiming 
patent infringement arises out of or results from the Regulatory Submission 
or sale of the Product by Athenex in the Territory, the Parties shall 
jointly defend and control any such action by counsel mutually acceptable 
to the Parties, and the legal fees and related costs and expenses of such 
defense (Defense Costs) shall be paid by Athenex. Athenex shall have the 
right, but not the obligation, at its sole expense to retain separate 
counsel in defense of any third-party claim of patent infringement relating 
to the Regulatory Submission or sale of the Product. Without limiting the 
foregoing, Athenex shall indemnify and hold harmless NK and CANDA for any 
damages resulting from any Action made or brought against NK/CANDA by any 
third party as a result of (a) any negligent act or omission or intentional 
misconduct of Athenex in relation to its obligations under the Definitive 
Agreement to market and sell the Product in the Territory; (b) any breach 
of the Definitive Agreement by Athenex; or (c) any infringement of any 
third party patent based upon the sale of the Product by Athenex in the 
Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Athenex incurs 
any Defense Costs, and/or a third-party infringement claim results in a 
settlement or a final, non-appealable judgment that Athenexs sales of the 
Product infringe at least one valid claim of a third-party patent and 
Athenex is required to make any payments as a result of such settlement or 
judgment (Infringement Payments), or Athenex is obligated to indemnify 
NK/CANDA for any damages or other losses resulting from Athenexs sale of 
the Product in the Territory (Indemnification Payments), Athenex would be 
entitled to keep and retain 100% of the Transfer Price Formula B from sales 
of the Product (i.e., the Third Payment would be eliminated going forward) 
until after the later of (y) the respective patent expires, and (z) the 
amount of Transfer Price Formula B retained by Athenex equals the sum of 
any Defense Costs, Infringement Payments and Indemnification Payments.
 
  	
NK/CANDA would indemnify, defend, and hold Athenex harmless from and 
against all damages, liabilities, obligations, settlements, costs and 
expenses, including reasonable legal fees (collectively, Damages)
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
  	
incurred by Athenex arising in connection with any Action made or brought 
against Athenex by any third party as a result of (a) any negligent act or 
omission or intentional misconduct of NK/CANDA in relation to its 
obligations under the Definitive Agreement to manufacture and supply the 
Product to Athenex, (b) any breach of the Definitive Agreement by NK/CANDA, 
or (c) any alleged or actual defects in the Product supplied by NK/CANDA to 
Athenex.
 
Stoppage:
Athenex would have the right, without liability, to suspend its obligations 
to market and sell the Product under the Definitive Agreement in the event 
(i) of an injunction or other court order being issued which prohibits or 
restricts the marketing or sale of the Product in the Territory, (ii) the 
FDA or another applicable regulatory authority prohibits or restricts the 
marketing or sale of the Product in the Territory, or (iii) Athenex becomes 
aware of any potential adulteration, misbranding and/or other issues 
regarding the safety of the Product.
 
Launch Date:
Athenex shall utilize its commercially reasonable efforts to launch the 
Product within ten (10) days of the lifting or dissolution of the 
preliminary injunction entered in Case No. 1:14-CV-1647-TWP-DKL (Pending 
Litigation) currently pending in the United States District Court for the 
Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis Division (Preliminary 
injunction); provided there are no external barriers to Athenexs launch 
of the Product (i.e. regulatory approval, manufacturing, inventory, or 
legal proceeding). In the event that (i) the Preliminary Injunction has 
been lifted or dissolved, (ii) the Regulatory Submission has final FDA 
approval; (iii) there is sufficient launch inventory available to Athenex 
to supply at least 10% of the market in the Territory; (iv) there are no 
other external barriers to Athenexs launch of the Product; and (v) 
Athenex, in its sole discretion, refuses to launch the Product within such 
ten (10) day period, Athenex shall provide NK with written notice of its 
intent not to launch the Product and, within thirty (30) days of receipt of 
such notice, NK/CANDA shall be entitled to terminate the Definitive 
Agreement and the License to the Product associated therewith. In such 
event, Athenex shall transfer to NK free and clear title to any commercial 
launch quantities produced pursuant to Purchase Orders (defined below) 
submitted by Athenex, provided that Athenex shall be responsible for paying 
NK/CANDA any outstanding amounts owed under said Purchase Orders. Moreover, 
all Prepayments paid by Athenex shall be retained by NK/CANDA. Nothing in 
this term sheet shall require Athenex to launch the Product prior to a 
finding of unpatentability by the Patent Trial and Appeal Board in any 
combination of IPR2016-00237, IPR2016-00240 and IPR2016-00318 of all claims 
that the Parties reasonably determine the Product infringes.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
Purchase Orders;
Forecasts:
Athenex will purchase the Product from NK by submitting purchase orders 
which will include the quantity (which must be multiples of the validated 
batch size), delivery information (including destination) and desired 
delivery date (each a Purchase Order). Purchase Orders for the initial 
commercial launch quantities of Product shall be submitted to NK no less 
than one-hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the requested delivery date 
and Purchase Orders for subsequent quantities of Product shall be submitted 
to NK no less than ninety (90) days prior to the requested delivery date. 
Athenex shall provide forecast estimates (each a Forecast) to NK of its 
supply needs of the Product at least ninety (90) days prior to the 
submission of a Purchase Order to allow NK sufficient time to acquire API 
and other required supplies. NK shall review and reasonably approve the 
Forecasts and Purchase Orders. Upon NKs approval of a Purchase Order, (i) 
NK shall be obligated to supply to Athenex the quantities of the Product 
within the time frames required pursuant to the relevant Forecasts and 
Purchase Orders; and (ii) Athenex shall pay to NK the Second Payment of the 
Transfer Price as defined in the section of Financial Terms below within 30 
days thereafter. If the quantity of the Product requested in a Purchase 
Order is increased by more than ten percent (10%) compared to the most 
recently submitted Forecast, then NK shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to supply such increased amount to Athenex; however, NK shall not 
be subject to any penalty if it is unable to supply such increased amount. 
If the quantity of the Product requested is lower than the forecast, 
resulting in the waste of API and other supplies, Athenex will be 
responsible for the cost of any wasted materials, including API. In 
furtherance of the foregoing, Athenex anticipates placing Purchase Orders 
in Q1 2017 to establish necessary inventory to support commercial launch.
 
  	***
 
Shipping:
NK shall pay for shipping (shipments to be made FOB Destination (Incoterms 
2010)) and will be liable and responsible for any loss or damage while 
shipments FOB are in transit.
 
Publicity:
The Parties agree that there will be no press release or other public 
statement issued by either Party relating to this Term Sheet without the 
written consent of the other Parties, which consent may be withheld in the 
absolute discretion of any Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
event either Party is required by applicable law (as determined by counsel 
of such Party) to make a public disclosure, the Parties shall cooperate and 
agree on the language of such disclosure. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
preclude NK from making all necessary public disclosures required by its 
listing on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (Press Release). Athenex shall have 
the right to review the Press Release prior to publication. NK shall
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
  	
engage in good faith negotiations with Athenex regarding the content of the 
Press Release in the event that Athenex objects to the content of the Press 
Release.
 
Confidentiality:
NK, CANDA and Athenex are parties to a Confidential Disclosure Agreement 
dated as of December 13, 2016 (the Confidentiality Agreement), which 
includes obligations of the Parties to maintain in confidence all 
Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) of 
the other Parties, and the Parties agree that the terms of the 
Confidentiality Agreement shall not be amended, supplemented, abridged or 
terminated by this Term Sheet. The Confidentiality Agreement shall apply to 
the terms contained in this Term Sheet and the information exchanged by the 
Parties in connection with the negotiations and/or discussions regarding 
this Term Sheet.
 
***:
***
 
Governing Law:
This Term Sheet and the Definitive Agreement shall be governed by the laws 
of the state of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
 
Miscellaneous:
The Parties will make good faith efforts to execute the Definitive 
Agreement within sixty (60) days of the execution of this Term Sheet. The 
Parties acknowledge that the terms set forth in this Term Sheet are not 
exhaustive and the Definitive Agreement shall include such other terms as 
are customary in a transaction of this nature, including such 
representations, warranties, covenants and insurance and indemnification 
obligations as shall be mutually agreed to by the Parties.


FINANCIAL TERMS:

Transfer Price: Overview (Components of the Transfer Price). Athenex would 
purchase the Product from NK at a transfer price (Transfer Price) to be 
agreed upon by both Parties. The Transfer Price would be divided into three 
types of payments: (1) one, two or three prepayments as specified in a 
below (collectively referred to as the Prepayments), (2) a payment after 
confirmation of each Purchase Order (the Second Payment), and (3) a 
payment after delivery of the Product pursuant to each Purchase Order (the 
Third Payment).
 
  	a. 	Prepayments

Athenex is required to make the First Prepayment and Second Prepayments as 
indicated below. The First Prepayment and Second Prepayment are not 
refundable or conditioned on any event other than the execution of this 
Term Sheet. All amounts specified herein are in US dollars.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
  	 	  	$3,000,000 upon execution of this Term Sheet between NK/CANDA and 
Athenex (First Prepayment); to be paid no later than twenty (20) business 
days after the execution of this Term Sheet; and
 
  	 	  	$9,000,000 on or before May 1, 2017 (Second Prepayment). The 
Athenex agreement to make the Second Prepayment is a binding and 
irrevocable obligation and not conditioned on the occurrence of any other 
event(s). For purposes of clarity and without the intent of being 
exhaustive, Athenexs Second Prepayment obligation is not dependent in any 
manner on (1) the ability of Athenex to complete an initial public 
offering; (2) tentative or final approval by the FDA of the Regulatory 
Submission; (3) the outcome in case 15-2067 at the United States Court of 
Appeals for the Federal Circuit; or (4) the outcome at the Patent Trial and 
Appeal Board or any appeal in any of IPR2016-00237, IPR2016-00240 and 
IPR2016-00318.  Athenex is a sophisticated party in the business of 
developing pharmaceutical products and has the benefit of counsel 
experienced in pharmaceutical industry transactions, patent law and 
Hatch-Waxman litigation when negotiating this Term Sheet. Further,  Athenex 
fully understands that there is risk associated with this transaction and 
events may transpire that make this a less commercially attractive 
opportunity. Despite this, Athenex is willing to enter into this binding 
agreement via this Term Sheet and irrevocably agrees to make the Second 
Prepayment on or before May 1, 2017. In the absence of Athenexs commitment 
to make the Second Prepayment on or before May 1, 2017, NK/CANDA would not 
have entered into this Term Sheet with Athenex.
 
  	b. 	Second Payment

Athenex shall make a Second Payment of the Transfer Price to NK for the 
Product within thirty (30) days after NKs confirmation of acceptance of 
each of Athenexs Purchase Orders. The parties acknowledge that the amount 
of the Second Payment is based on ***% of the Transfer Price Formula A 
(defined below). The Transfer Price Formula A means the actual cost that 
will be incurred by NK to produce and ship the Product, including but not 
limited to the cost of materials, labor, overhead, relevant insurance and 
shipping incurred by NK, without any markup. The amount of the Transfer 
Price Formula A is estimated to be $ *** per 100 mg vial of the Product and 
$ *** per 500 mg vial of the Product, subject to the adjustment based on 
the Transfer Price Formula A that is to be determined by the average of the 
first three batches for the first year and thereafter by the first batch 
annually for the following years. Upon request by Athenex, NK would provide 
Athenex the breakdown and supporting documentation how the Transfer Price 
Formula A is calculated, and Athenex would have the right to audit NKs 
books and records relating to the Transfer Price Formula A, limited once 
per year at Athenexs sole cost.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
  	c. 	Third Payment

Subject to the terms below, Athenex shall make a Third Payment to NK/CANDA 
as a part of the Transfer Price equal to ***% of the Transfer Price 
Formula B (as defined below), which shall result in a ***% of Transfer 
Price Formula B to Athenex upon commercial launch of the Product. In 
addition, the total amount of the Second Payment and Third Payment to 
NK/CANDA is ***% of the Transfer Price Formula A plus ***% of Transfer 
Price Formula B. If the Transfer Price Formula B calculation results in an 
amount equal to or less than zero, the Parties would meet to negotiate how 
to reduce the actual cost of the Product. The Third Payment would be made 
on a quarterly basis by Athenex to NK/CANDA, within thirty (30) days 
following the end of each calendar quarter following the Launch Date. Each 
payment would be accompanied by a statement showing the aggregate Net Sales 
of the Product for the applicable quarter, the aggregate cost incurred by 
Athenex for the units sold, and the calculation of the Third Payment. The 
following definitions would apply to the calculation of the Third Payment:
 
  	(1) 	Athenex Profit shall mean fifty percent (***%) of Transfer Price 
Formula B derived from Athenexs sales of the Product in the Territory.
 
  	(2) 	Transfer Price Formula B shall mean Net Sales less (i) the Second 
Payment to NK, freight in, duty, customs, shipping, inventory and write 
offs incurred by Athenex; and (ii) for the three (3) year period following 
the execution of the Definitive Agreement, ***% of Net Sales (defined 
below) for Athenexs costs related to marketing and selling the Product, 
and for the period beginning immediately after the expiration of the three 
(3) year period following the execution of the Definitive Agreement, ***% 
of Net Sales (defined below) for Athenexs costs related to marketing and 
selling the Product.
 
  	(3) 	Net Sales shall mean the gross invoiced sales of the finished 
Product to all customers less (i) chargebacks; (ii) freight and insurance 
charges; (iii) trade discounts, credits or allowances; (iv) costs of 
replacements, returns, recalls or rebates (including but not limited to 
group purchasing organization fees and rebates); (v) discounts or rebates 
or other payments required by law to be made under Medicaid, Medicare or 
other governmental special medical assistance programs; (vi) wholesaler 
service charges; (vii) sales, excise or value added taxes paid on or in 
relation to sales of the finished Product and (viii) penalties from 
hospitals due to insufficient Product supply caused by NKs limited 
capacity; (ix) storage costs/fees; and (x) any other fees paid or costs 
incurred by Athenex in connection with the handling, storage, shipment, 
distribution and sale of the Product (excluding marketing costs). All of 
the foregoing would be as calculated in accordance with United States 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

***

***
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
Athenex shall reasonably cooperate with NK to make all Transfer Price 
payments to NK in the manner specified by NK and set forth in the 
Definitive Agreement between the Parties.

Accounting
Rights:
Each Party shall have the right, no more than once per calendar year, to 
inspect the books and records of the other Parties to evaluate reported 
costs, including Transfer Price, Net Sales and Athenex Profit The Party 
requesting the audit shall bear its costs.
 
Expenses:
Each Party will bear its own legal, accounting and other fees and expenses 
related to the proposed business transaction incurred through the execution 
of the Definitive Agreement.
 
Assignment:
The Definitive Agreement is not assignable by either Party without the 
prior written consent of the other Party hereto, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, either Party may assign all or any portion of this Agreement 
without the consent of the other Party to an affiliate or upon a merger, 
reorganization or sale of substantially all its assets to which the 
Definitive Agreement relates. Without limiting the forgoing, NK may assign 
all or any portion of the Definitive Agreement to CANDA.
 
Sincerely,
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
Athenex API limited
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
CANDA NK-2, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	
 
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
 
Sincerely,
NANG KUANG PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
Athenex API limited
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
CANDA NK-2, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Date: 	  	
 
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 
12