 EX-10.15 15 d101223dex1015.htm EX-10.15
Exhibit 10.15

FORM OF

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered 
into as of                     , by and among Hess Midstream Partners LP, a 
Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), Hess Midstream Partners 
GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (HESM GP), Hess Midstream Partners 
GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (GP LLC), Hess Investments 
North Dakota Limited, a Delaware corporation (Hess), and GIP II Blue 
Holding Partnership, L.P. (GIP). Hess and GIP are collectively referred 
to herein as the Sponsors. The Partnership, HESM GP, GP LLC and the 
Sponsors are collectively referred to herein as the Parties.

WHEREAS, on                     , the Partnership, HESM GP, GP LLC and the 
Sponsors entered into that certain Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption 
Agreement (the Contribution Agreement), pursuant to which each Sponsor 
acquired                      common units representing limited partner 
interests in the Partnership (the Common Units) and                      
subordinated units representing limited partner interests in the 
Partnership (the Subordinated Units) in return for contributing certain 
assets to the Partnership; and

WHEREAS, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the 
Contribution Agreement, the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and agreements 
contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties 
hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (a) a Person that directly 
or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled 
by or is under common Control with, such Person, and (b) with respect to 
any investment fund or similar vehicle, (i) any Person who Controls, is 
Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such investment fund or 
similar vehicle and (ii) if such investment fund or similar vehicle is a 
partnership, a Person who has a common general partner with such investment 
fund or similar vehicle.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Automatic Shelf Registration Statement means an automatic shelf 
registration statement as defined under Rule 405.

Business Day means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a 
legal holiday recognized as such by the government of the United States of 
America or the State of New York or the State of Texas shall not be 
regarded as a Business Day.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Control and its derivatives mean (a) with respect to any Person, the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by 
contract or otherwise; (b) with respect to a corporation, the power to 
exercise or determine the voting of more than 50% of the voting rights in 
such corporation; (c) with respect to a partnership (whether general or 
limited), ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the 
general partner interests of such partnership; or (d) with respect to any 
other type of entity, the right to exercise or determine the voting of more 
than 50% of the equity interests having voting rights in such entity, 
whether by contract or otherwise.

Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Closing Date means the first date on which Common Units are sold by the 
Partnership to the IPO Underwriters pursuant to the provisions of the IPO 
Underwriting Agreement.

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
federal agency then administering the Securities Act or Exchange Act.

Common Units has the meaning set forth in the LP Agreement and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include any Subordinated Units that have 
converted into Common Units pursuant to the terms of the LP Agreement.

Demand Eligible Holder has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(ii).

Demand Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(i).

Demand Registration has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(i).

Effective Date means the time and date that a Registration Statement is 
first declared effective by the Commission or otherwise becomes effective.

Effectiveness Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(ii).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

GIP has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

General Partner means HESM GP and its successor and permitted assigns 
that are admitted to the Partnership as general partner of the Partnership, 
in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership (except as the 
context otherwise requires).

GP LLC has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

HESM GP has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Hess has the meaning set forth in the preamble.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Holder means (i) any Sponsor who holds Registrable Securities, (ii) any 
holder of Registrable Securities to whom the registration rights conferred 
by this Agreement have been transferred in compliance with Section 7(e) 
hereof or (iii) the General Partner, if the General Partner is a holder of 
Registrable Securities.

Incentive Distribution Rights has the meaning set forth in the LP 
Agreement.

Indemnified Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Initiating Holder has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(i).

IPO means the initial public offering of Common Units pursuant to the IPO 
Registration Statement.

IPO Registration Statement means the Registration Statement on Form S-1 
(File No. 333-198896), as amended and declared effective by the Commission.

IPO Underwriter means each Person named as an underwriter in Schedule I 
to the IPO Underwriting Agreement who purchases Common Units pursuant 
thereto.

IPO Underwriting Agreement means the Underwriting Agreement to be entered 
into by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and the IPO 
Underwriters in connection with the IPO.

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 5.

LP Agreement means the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Hess Midstream Partners LP, dated as of the Closing Date, as 
may be amended from time to time.

Parties has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Partnership has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Partnership Securities means any equity interest of any class or series 
in the Partnership, including Common Units, Subordinated Units and 
Incentive Distribution Rights.

Person means an individual or group, corporation, partnership, trust, 
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited 
liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or 
subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Piggyback Eligible Holder has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b)(i).

Piggyback Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b)(i).

Piggyback Registration has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b)(i).

Piggyback Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b)(i).
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proceeding means any action, claim, suit, proceeding or investigation 
(including a preliminary investigation or partial proceeding, such as a 
deposition) pending or known to the Partnership to be threatened.

Pro Rata means, with respect to Holders who have requested to include 
Registrable Securities in a Registration Statement, apportioned among all 
such Holders in accordance with the relative number of Registrable 
Securities held by each such holder and included in the Notice relating to 
such request.

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement 
(including a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted 
from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement in 
reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended 
or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of 
the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a 
Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the 
Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material 
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such 
Prospectus.

Registrable Securities means Common Units; provided, however, that 
Registrable Securities shall not include any Partnership Securities for 
which Rule 144 of the Securities Act or another exemption from registration 
is available to enable the holder of such Partnership Securities to dispose 
of the number of Partnership Securities it desires to sell at the time and 
price it desires to do so without registration under the Securities Act or 
other similar applicable law (and without any limitation on volume, timing, 
recipients or intended method or methods of distribution, including through 
the use of an underwriter, that would not be applicable with a Registration 
Statement).

Registration Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Registration Statement means a registration statement in the form 
required to register the resale of the Registrable Securities under the 
Securities Act and other applicable law, and including any Prospectus, 
amendments and supplements to each such registration statement or 
Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits 
thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions 
and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities 
and fees and disbursements of counsel and advisors for any Selling Holder.

Selling Holder means any Holder selling any Registrable Securities in any 
Registration.

Shelf Registration Statement means a Registration Statement made pursuant 
to Rule 415 of the Securities Act.

Sponsors has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Stand-Off Period has the meaning set forth in Section 7(f).

Subordinated Units has the meaning set forth in the LP Agreement.

Suspension Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Trading Day means a day during which trading in the Common Units on the 
Trading Market generally occurs.

Trading Market means the principal national securities exchange on which 
Registrable Securities are listed.

Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the LP 
Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and any and all other agreements or 
instruments provided for in this Agreement to be executed and delivered by 
the Parties in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

Underwritten Offering means an offering pursuant to a Registration 
Statement in which Partnership Securities are sold to an underwriter on a 
firm commitment basis for reoffering to the public (other than the IPO).

WKSI means a well known seasoned issuer as defined under Rule 405.

Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) any pronoun used in this 
Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter 
forms; (b) references to Articles and Sections refer to Articles and 
Sections of this Agreement; (c) the terms include, includes, 
including or words of like import shall be deemed to be followed by the 
words without limitation; (d) the terms hereof, herein or hereunder 
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of 
this Agreement; (e) unless the context otherwise requires, the term or is 
not exclusive and shall have the inclusive meaning of and/or; (f)
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
defined terms herein will apply equally to both the singular and plural 
forms and derivative forms of defined terms will have correlative meanings; 
(g) references to any law or statute shall include all rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, and references to any law or statute 
shall be construed as including any legal and statutory provisions 
consolidating, amending, succeeding or replacing the applicable law or 
statute; (h) references to any Person include such Persons successors and 
permitted assigns; and (i) references to days are to calendar days unless 
otherwise indicated.

2. Registration.

(a) Demand Registration.

(i) At any time after the 180th day after the Closing Date, any Holder that 
holds Registrable Securities (the Initiating Holder) shall have the 
option and right, exercisable by delivering a written notice to the 
Partnership (a Demand Notice), to require the Partnership to, pursuant to 
the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, 
prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement registering 
the offering and sale of the number and type of Registrable Securities on 
the terms set forth in the Demand Notice (a Demand Registration). Upon 
receipt of a Demand Notice from any Initiating Holder (the Initiating 
Holder), the Partnership shall file with the Commission as promptly as 
reasonably practicable a Registration Statement providing for the offer and 
sale of the Registrable Securities identified in such Demand Notice, which 
Registration Statement may, at the option of the Initiating Holder, be a 
Registration Statement that provides for the resale of the Registrable 
Securities from time to time pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act 
in accordance with the intended timing and method or methods of 
distribution thereof specified in the Demand Notice. The Partnership shall 
have the right to elect that any Demand Registration be made pursuant to a 
Shelf Registration Statement. The Partnership shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective 
as soon as reasonably practicable after the initial filing of the 
Registration Statement and to remain effective and available for the resale 
of the Registrable Securities by the Selling Holders named therein for not 
less than six months following such Registration Statements effective date 
or such shorter period when all Registrable Securities covered by such 
Registration Statement have been sold (the Effectiveness Period); 
provided, however, that the Partnership shall not be required to effect the 
Registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(a) unless 
at least an aggregate of          Registrable Securities (as adjusted to 
reflect splits, combinations, dividends and recapitalizations) are offered 
or the Registrable Securities are offered at an aggregate proposed offering 
price of not less than $30 million. In the event the Partnership receives a 
Demand Notice from one or more Holders request that satisfies the 
conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Partnership 
shall retain such underwriters and bookrunning managers as are mutually 
agreed by the Partnership and the Selling Holders in order to permit such 
Selling Holders to offer and sell the Registrable Securities set forth in 
the Demand Notice through an Underwritten Offering. The Partnership and 
such Selling Holders shall enter into an underwriting agreement in 
customary form and take all
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reasonable actions as are requested by the managing underwriters to 
facilitate the Underwritten Offering and sale of Registrable Securities 
therein. No Holder may participate in the Underwritten Offering unless it 
agrees to sell its Registrable Securities covered by the Registration 
Statement on the terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting 
agreement and completes and delivers all necessary documents and 
information reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting 
agreement or as the General Partner may determine is reasonably necessary 
to effect such Underwritten Offering. Any Holder may withdraw from such 
Underwritten Offering by notice to the Partnership and the managing 
underwriter, provided such notice is delivered prior to the launch of such 
Underwritten Offering.

(ii) Within five (5) Trading Days of the Partnerships receipt of a Demand 
Notice, the Partnership shall give written notice of such Demand Notice to 
all Holders eligible to participate in the Demand Registration pursuant to 
this Section 2(a) (the Demand Eligible Holders). and shall, subject to 
the limitations of this Section 2(a), as promptly as is reasonably 
practicable, file a Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable 
Securities that the Demand Eligible Holders shall in writing request (such 
request to be given to the Partnership within five (5) Trading Days of 
receipt of such notice of the Demand Notice given by the Partnership 
pursuant to this Section 2(a)(ii)) to be included in such Demand 
Registration as directed by the Initiating Holder in the Demand Notice.

(iii) Subject to the other limitations contained in this Agreement, the 
Partnership is not obligated hereunder to effect more than (A) one (1) 
Demand Registration on Form S-1 (or any equivalent or successor form under 
the Securities Act) in any twelve (12) month period and (B) two (2) Demand 
Registrations on Form S-3 (or any equivalent or successor form under the 
Securities Act) in any twelve (12) month period.

(iv) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2(a), the 
Partnership shall not be required to effect a registration or file a 
Registration Statement pursuant to this Section 2(a), and may suspend the 
use of an effective Registration Statement: (A) during the period starting 
with the date that is sixty (60) days prior to the General Partners good 
faith estimate of the date of filing of, and ending on the date that is 
ninety (90) days after the effective date of, a Partnership-initiated 
registration that is approved by the board of directors of the General 
Partner, provided that the Partnership is actively employing commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become 
effective; (B) for a period of up to ninety (90) days after the date a 
Demand Notice is received by the Partnership pursuant to this Section 2(a) 
if the General Partner determines that the Partnerships compliance with 
its obligations under this Agreement would be detrimental to the 
Partnership because such registration would be reasonably likely to (x) 
materially interfere with a significant acquisition, financing, merger, 
reorganization or other similar transaction involving the Partnership or 
otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Partnership, (y) require 
disclosure of material information that the Partnership has a bona fide 
business purpose for preserving as confidential or (z) render the 
Partnership unable to comply with requirements under applicable securities 
laws (any such period, a Suspension Period); provided, however, that in 
no event shall
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Partnership postpone or defer any Demand Registration pursuant to this 
Section 2(a)(iv) for more than an aggregate of one hundred and eighty (180) 
days in any twelve (12) month period.

(v) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2(a), in the event 
that the managing underwriter of an Underwritten Offering advises the 
Partnership and the Demand Eligible Holders in writing that, in such 
managing underwriters opinion, the inclusion of all or some Registrable 
Securities of Demand Eligible Holders in a subject Registration Statement 
would have a material adverse effect on the timing or success of the 
Underwritten Offering (including the price received for the securities to 
be offered in such Underwritten Offering), the total number of Registrable 
Securities of each Demand Eligible Holder that shall be included in such 
Underwritten Offering shall be reduced on a Pro Rata basis until the total 
number of Registrable Securities offered in such Underwritten Offering will 
not, in the opinion of the managing underwriter, have such a material 
adverse effect. Any Registrable Securities excluded or withdrawn from such 
Underwritten Offering shall be withdrawn from the registration.

(vi) The Partnership may include in any such Demand Registration other 
Partnership Securities for sale for its own account or for the account of 
any other Person; provided that if the managing underwriter for the 
offering determines that the number of Partnership Securities proposed to 
be offered in such offering would have a material adverse effect on the 
timing or success of such offering (including the price received for the 
securities to be offered in such offering), then the Registrable Securities 
to be sold by the Demand Eligible Holders shall be included in such 
registration before any Partnership Securities proposed to be sold for the 
account of the Partnership or any other Person. Any such Registrable 
Securities to be offered in such offering shall be allocated among the 
Demand Eligible Holders on a Pro Rata basis.

(vii) Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, the 
Partnership shall effect any Demand Registration on Form S-3 (except if the 
Partnership is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable 
Securities on Form S-3, in which case such Demand Registration shall be 
effected on another appropriate form for such purpose pursuant to the 
Securities Act) and if the Partnership becomes, and is at the time of its 
receipt of a Demand Notice, a WKSI, the Demand Registration for any 
offering and selling of Registrable Securities through a firm commitment 
underwriting shall be effected pursuant to an Automatic Shelf Registration 
Statement, which shall be on Form S-3 or any equivalent or successor form 
under the Securities Act (if available to the Partnership); provided, 
however, that if at any time a Registration Statement on Form S-3 is 
effective and a Holder provides written notice to the Partnership that it 
intends to effect an offering of all or part of the Registrable Securities 
included on such Registration Statement, the Partnership will amend or 
supplement such Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to 
enable such offering to take place.

(viii) Without limiting Section 3, in connection with any Demand 
Registration pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 2(a), the 
Partnership shall, (A) promptly prepare and file or cause to be prepared 
and filed (1) such additional forms, amendments, supplements, prospectuses, 
certificates, letters, opinions and other
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
documents, as may be necessary or advisable to register or qualify the 
securities subject to such Demand Registration, including under the 
securities laws of such states as the Demand Eligible Holders shall 
reasonably request; provided, however, that no such qualification shall be 
required in any jurisdiction where, as a result thereof, the Partnership 
would become subject to general service of process or to taxation or 
qualification to do business in such jurisdiction solely as a result of 
registration and (2) such forms, amendments, supplements, prospectuses, 
certificates, letters, opinions and other documents as may be necessary to 
apply for listing or to list the Registrable Securities subject to such 
Demand Registration on the Trading Market and (B) do any and all other acts 
and things that may be necessary or appropriate or reasonably requested by 
the Demand Eligible Holders to enable such Holders to consummate a public 
sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended timing 
and method or methods of distribution thereof.

(ix) In the event a Holder transfers Registrable Securities included on a 
Registration Statement in accordance with Section 7(e), and such 
Registrable Securities remain Registrable Securities following such 
transfer, at the request of such Holder, the Partnership shall amend or 
supplement such Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to 
enable such transferee to offer and sell such Registrable Securities 
pursuant to such Registration Statement.

(x) The Partnership shall use commercially reasonable efforts to become 
eligible to use Form S-3 and, after becoming eligible to use Form S-3, 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remain eligible to use Form 
S-3, including by timely filing all reports with the Commission and meeting 
the other requirements of the Exchange Act.

(b) Piggyback Registration.

(i) At any time after the 180th day after the Closing Date, if the 
Partnership shall propose at any time to file a Registration Statement, 
other than pursuant to a Demand Registration, for an offering of 
Partnership Securities for cash (other than an offering relating to an 
employee benefit plan or dividend reinvestment plan, an offering relating 
to a transaction on Form S-4 or an offering on any registration statement 
that does not permit secondary sales), the Partnership shall promptly 
notify all Holders eligible to participate in such offering (each a 
Piggyback Eligible Holder) of such proposal reasonably in advance of (and 
in any event at least five (5) Business Days before) the anticipated filing 
date (the Piggyback Notice). The Piggyback Notice shall offer the 
Piggyback Eligible Holders the opportunity to include for registration in 
such Registration Statement the number of Registrable Securities as they 
may request (a Piggyback Registration). The Partnership shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to include in such Registration Statement 
such number of Registrable Securities held by any Holder as each Holder 
shall request in a written notice (a Piggyback Request) to the 
Partnership within two Business Days of such Holders receipt of such 
Piggyback Request from the Partnership. If a Piggyback Eligible Holder 
decides not to include all of its Registrable Securities in any 
Registration Statement thereafter filed by the Partnership, such Piggyback 
Eligible Holder shall nevertheless continue to have the right
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to include any Registrable Securities in any subsequent registration 
statement or registration statements as may be filed by the Partnership 
with respect to offerings of Partnership Securities, all upon the terms and 
conditions set forth herein.

(ii) If the Registration Statement under which the Partnership gives notice 
under this Section 2(b) is for an Underwritten Offering, then any Holders 
ability to include its desired amount of Registrable Securities in such 
Registration Statement shall be conditioned upon such Piggyback Eligible 
Holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such 
Piggyback Eligible Holders Registrable Securities in the Underwritten 
Offering; provided that, in the event that the managing underwriter of such 
Underwritten Offering advises the Partnership and the Holder in writing 
that, in such managing underwriters opinion, the inclusion of all or some 
Registrable Securities of Piggyback Eligible Holders would have a material 
adverse effect on the timing or success of the Underwritten Offering 
(including the price received for the securities to be offered in such 
Underwritten Offering), the amount of Registrable Securities of each 
Selling Holder that shall be included in such Underwritten Offering shall 
be reduced on a Pro Rata basis until the total number of Registrable 
Securities offered in such Underwritten Offering will not, in the opinion 
of the managing underwriter, have such a material adverse effect. In 
connection with any such Underwritten Offering, the Partnership and the 
Selling Holders involved shall enter into an underwriting agreement in 
customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such 
Underwritten Offering by the Partnership and take all reasonable actions as 
are requested by the managing underwriters to facilitate the Underwritten 
Offering and sale of Registrable Securities therein. No Holder may 
participate in the Underwritten Offering unless it agrees to sells its 
Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement on the terms 
and conditions of the underwriting agreement and completes and delivers all 
necessary documents and information reasonably required under the terms of 
such underwriting agreement or as the General Partner may determine is 
reasonably necessary to effect such Underwritten Offering. Any Holder may 
irrevocably withdraw from such Underwritten Offering by delivering written 
notice to the Partnership and the managing underwriter; provided such 
notice is delivered prior to the launch of such Underwritten Offering; 
provided further that, if such withdrawal results in the termination of 
such Underwritten Offering, such Holder shall reimburse the Partnership for 
any costs reasonably incurred by the Partnership with respect to such 
Underwritten Offering. The Partnership shall have the right to terminate or 
withdraw any Registration Statement or Underwritten Offering initiated by 
it under this Section 2(b) prior to the effective date of the Registration 
Statement or the pricing date of the applicable Underwritten Offering, as 
applicable. For any Piggyback Eligible Holder that is a partnership, 
limited liability company, corporation or other entity, the partners, 
members, stockholders, subsidiaries, parents and Affiliates of such 
Piggyback Eligible Holder, or the estates and family members of any such 
partners/members and retired partners/members and any trusts for the 
benefit of any of the foregoing Persons, shall be deemed to be a single 
Piggyback Eligible Holder, and any Pro Rata reduction with respect to 
such Piggyback Eligible Holder shall be based upon the aggregate amount 
of securities carrying registration rights owned by all entities and 
individuals included in such Piggyback Eligible Holder, as defined in 
this sentence.

(iii) The Partnership shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any 
registration initiated by it under this Section 2(b) prior to the Effective 
Date of such Registration Statement whether or not any Piggyback Eligible 
Holder has elected to include Registrable Securities in such Registration 
Statement. The registration expenses of such withdrawn registration shall 
be borne by the Partnership in accordance with Section 4 hereof.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Any Demand Notice or Piggyback Request shall (i) specify the 
Registrable Securities intended to be offered and sold by the Holder making 
the request, (ii) express such Holders present intent to offer such 
Registrable Securities for distribution, (iii) describe the nature or 
method of the proposed offer and sale of Registrable Securities and (iv) 
contain the undertaking of such Holder to provide all such information and 
materials and take all action as may reasonably be required in order to 
permit the Partnership to comply with all applicable requirements in 
connection with the registration of such Registrable Securities.

(d) No Holder shall have any right to obtain or seek an injunction 
restraining or otherwise delaying any such registration as the result of 
any controversy that might arise with respect to the interpretation or 
implementation of this Section 2.

(e) The Partnership has not entered into and, unless agreed in writing by 
each of the Sponsors, on or after the date of this Agreement will not enter 
into, any agreement which (a) is inconsistent with the rights granted to 
the Holders with respect to Registrable Securities in this Agreement or 
otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof in any material respect or 
(b) other than as set forth in this Agreement or in the LP Agreement, would 
allow any holder of Partnership Securities to include Partnership 
Securities in any Registration Statement filed by the Partnership on a 
basis that is superior or more favorable in any material respect to the 
rights granted to the Holders hereunder.

3. Registration Procedures.

The procedures to be followed by the Partnership and each Holder that 
elects to sell Registrable Securities in a Registration Statement pursuant 
to this Agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the 
Partnership and such Holders, with respect to the preparation, filing and 
effectiveness of such Registration Statement, are as follows:

(a) The Partnership will furnish to each Selling Holder (i) as far in 
advance as reasonably practicable before filing a Registration Statement or 
any supplement or amendment thereto, upon request, copies of reasonably 
complete drafts of all such documents proposed to be filed (including 
exhibits and each document incorporated by reference therein to the extent 
then required by the rules and regulations of the Commission), and provide 
each such Selling Holder the opportunity to object to any information 
pertaining to such Selling Holder and its plan of distribution that is 
contained therein and make the corrections reasonably requested by such 
Selling Holder with respect to such information prior to filing a 
Registration Statement or supplement or amendment thereto, and (ii) such 
number of copies of such Registration Statement and the prospectus included 
therein and any supplements and amendments thereto as such Persons may 
reasonably request in order to facilitate the public sale or other 
disposition of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration 
Statement; provided, however, that the Partnership will not have any 
obligation to provide any document pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) above 
that is available on the Commissions website.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Each Selling Holder will provide to the Partnership such information 
regarding such Selling Holder that is reasonably requested by the 
Partnership for inclusion in a Registration Statement, preliminary 
prospectus, final prospectus or free writing prospectus relating to the 
Registrable Securities held by such Selling Holder or as the General 
Partner otherwise deems necessary or appropriate in order for the 
Partnership to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. Such Selling 
Holder will promptly notify the Partnership of any change in any such 
information provided by such Selling Holder.

(c) If applicable, the Partnership will use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a 
Registration Statement under the securities or blue sky laws of such 
jurisdictions as the Selling Holders or, in the case of an Underwritten 
Offering, the managing underwriter, shall reasonably request; provided, 
however, that the Partnership will not be required to qualify generally to 
transact business in any jurisdiction where it is not then required to so 
qualify or to take any action that would subject it to general service of 
process or taxation in any jurisdiction where it is not then so subject.

(d) The Partnership will promptly notify each Selling Holder and each 
underwriter, at any time when a prospectus is required to be delivered 
under the Securities Act, of (i) the filing of a Registration Statement or 
any prospectus or prospectus supplement to be used in connection therewith, 
or any amendment or supplement thereto, and, with respect to such 
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, when the 
same has become effective; and (ii) any written comments from the 
Commission with respect to any Registration Statement or any document 
incorporated by reference therein and any written request by the Commission 
for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or any prospectus 
or prospectus supplement thereto.

(e) The Partnership will immediately notify each Selling Holder and each 
applicable underwriter, and each Selling Holder will immediately notify the 
Partnership, at any time when a prospectus is required to be delivered 
under the Securities Act, when the Partnership or such Selling Holder, as 
applicable, becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of any event or existence 
of any fact (but not a description of such event or fact) as a result of 
which the prospectus or prospectus supplement contained in a Registration 
Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material 
fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of the 
Prospectus contained therein, in the light of the circumstances under which 
a statement is made); (ii) the issuance or threat of issuance by the 
Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration 
Statement, or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; or (iii) 
the receipt by the Partnership of any notification with respect to the 
suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale 
under the applicable securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction. 
Following the provision of such notice, the Partnership agrees to, as 
promptly as practicable, amend or supplement the prospectus or prospectus 
supplement or take other appropriate action so that the prospectus or 
prospectus supplement does not include an untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of the 
Prospectus contained
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which a statement is made) 
and to take such other reasonable action as is necessary to remove a stop 
order, suspension, threat thereof or proceedings related thereto; 
provided, however, that no notice by the Partnership shall be required 
pursuant to this clause (iii) in the event that the Partnership either 
promptly files a prospectus supplement to update the Prospectus or a Form 
8-K or other appropriate Exchange Act report that is incorporated by 
reference into the Registration Statement, which in either case, contains 
the requisite information that results in such Registration Statement no 
longer containing any untrue statement of material fact or omitting to 
state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(f) The Partnership and each Selling Holder will enter into customary 
agreements and take such other actions as are reasonably requested by, as 
applicable, the General Partner, the Selling Holders or the underwriters, 
if any, in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the 
Registrable Securities, including the provision of comfort letters and 
legal opinions as are reasonable and customary in such securities 
offerings.

(g) The Partnership will use commercially reasonable efforts to, as 
promptly as reasonably practicable, (i) prepare and file with the 
Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and 
supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in 
connection therewith as may be necessary under applicable law to keep such 
Registration Statement continuously effective with respect to the 
disposition of all Registrable Securities covered thereby for its 
Effectiveness Period and, subject to the limitations contained in this 
Agreement, prepare and file with the Commission such additional 
Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the 
Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities held by the Holders; (ii) 
cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required 
prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented or amended to be filed 
pursuant to Rule 424; and (iii) respond to any comments received from the 
Commission with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment 
thereto and, as promptly as reasonably possible provide such Holders true 
and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission 
relating to such Registration Statement that pertains to such Holders as 
selling Holders but not any comments that would result in the disclosure to 
such Holders of material and non-public information concerning the 
Partnership.

(h) If any Registrable Securities are certificated or if otherwise agreed 
by the Partnership, the Partnership will cooperate with such Holders to 
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing 
Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a 
Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free of all restrictive 
legends indicating that the Registrable Securities are unregistered or 
unqualified for resale under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or other 
applicable securities laws, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be 
in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may 
request in writing. In connection therewith, if required by the 
Partnerships transfer agent, the Partnership will promptly, after the 
Effective Date of the Registration Statement, cause an opinion of counsel 
as to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be delivered to 
and maintained with its transfer agent, together with any other 
authorizations, certificates and directions required by the transfer agent 
which authorize and direct the transfer agent to issue such Registrable 
Securities without any such legend upon sale by the Holder of such 
Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) In the event such Holders seek to complete an underwritten offering, 
for a reasonable period prior to the filing of any Registration Statement 
and throughout the Effectiveness Period, the Partnership will make 
available upon reasonable notice at the Partnerships principal place of 
business or such other reasonable place for inspection by the managing 
underwriter or managing underwriters such financial and other information 
and books and records of the Partnership, and cause the officers, 
employees, counsel and independent certified public accountants of the 
Partnership to respond to such inquiries, as shall be reasonably necessary 
(and in the case of counsel, not violate an attorney-client privilege in 
such counsels reasonable belief) to conduct a reasonable investigation 
within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act.

(j) In connection with any registration of Registrable Securities pursuant 
to this Agreement, the Partnership will take all commercially reasonable 
actions as are necessary or advisable in order to expedite or facilitate 
the disposition of Registrable Securities by such Holders, including using 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause appropriate officers and employees 
to be available, on a customary basis and upon reasonable notice, to meet 
with prospective investors in presentations, meetings and road shows.

(k) The Partnership will use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the 
issuance of, or, if issued, to obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order 
suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any 
suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of 
the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest 
practicable moment, or if any such order or suspension is made effective 
during any Suspension Period, at the earliest practicable moment after the 
Suspension Period is over.

4. Registration Expenses. Except as set forth in an underwriting agreement 
for the applicable Underwritten Offering or as otherwise agreed between a 
Selling Holder and the Partnership, all Registration Expenses of a 
Registration Statement filed or an Underwritten Offering that includes 
Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid by the 
Partnership; provided, however, that any Selling Expenses related to a 
Registration Statement or an Underwritten Offering that includes 
Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid by the 
Selling Holders. Registration Expenses shall include, without limitation, 
(i) all registration and filing fees (including fees and expenses (A) with 
respect to filings required to be made with the Trading Market and (B) in 
compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws), (ii) 
printing expenses (including expenses of printing certificates for 
Partnership Securities and of printing prospectuses if the printing of 
prospectuses is reasonably requested by a Holder of Registrable Securities 
included in the Registration Statement), (iii) messenger, telephone and 
delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel, auditors and 
accountants for the Partnership, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if 
the Partnership so desires such insurance and (vi) fees and expenses of all 
other Persons retained by the Partnership in connection with the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In 
addition, the Partnership shall be responsible for all of its expenses 
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement (including expenses payable to third parties 
and including all salaries and expenses of their officers and employees
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and 
the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the 
Registrable Securities on the Trading Market.

5. Indemnification.

(a) If requested by a Holder, the Partnership shall indemnify and hold 
harmless each underwriter, if any, engaged in connection with any 
registration referred to in Section 2 and provide representations, 
covenants, opinions and other assurances to any underwriter in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to such underwriter and the Partnership. 
Further, the Partnership shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
indemnify and hold harmless each Selling Holder, its officers, directors 
and each Person who controls the Holder (within the meaning of the 
Securities Act) and any agent thereof (collectively, Indemnified Persons
) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint 
or several, expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), 
judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising 
from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether 
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which any Indemnified 
Person may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or 
otherwise, under the Securities Act or otherwise (hereinafter referred to 
in this Section 5 individually as a claim and collectively as claims) 
based upon, arising out of or resulting from any untrue statement or 
alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any Registration 
Statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or issuer free writing 
prospectus under which any Registrable Securities were registered or sold 
by such Selling Holder under the Securities Act, or arising out of, based 
upon or resulting from the omission or alleged omission to state therein a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were 
made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Partnership shall not be 
liable to any Indemnified Person to the extent that any such claim (x) 
arises out of, is based upon or results from an untrue statement or alleged 
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration 
Statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or issuer free writing 
prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information 
furnished to the Partnership by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person 
specifically for use in the preparation thereof or (y) is attributable to a 
claim arising from offers or sales of Registrable Securities that are made 
by a Selling Holder during a period that the Selling Holder knows is a 
Suspension Period.

(b) Each Selling Holder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership, the General Partner, the 
General Partners officers and directors and each Person who controls the 
Partnership or the General Partner (within the meaning of the Securities 
Act) and any agent thereof to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity 
from the Partnership to the Selling Holders, but only with respect to 
information regarding such Selling Holder furnished in writing by or on 
behalf of such Selling Holder expressly for inclusion in a Registration 
Statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or free writing 
prospectus relating to the Registrable Securities held by such Selling 
Holder.

(c) The provisions of this Section 5 shall be in addition to any other 
rights to indemnification or contribution that a Person entitled to 
indemnification under this Agreement may have pursuant to law, equity, 
contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, 
this Section 5 shall survive any termination or expiration of this 
Agreement indefinitely.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Facilitation of Sales Pursuant to Rule 144. To the extent it shall be 
required to do so under the Exchange Act, the Partnership shall timely file 
the reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act or the 
Securities Act (including the reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act referred to in subparagraph (c)(1) of Rule 144), and shall 
take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the 
extent required from time to time to enable the Holders to sell Registrable 
Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the 
limitations of the exemption provided by Rule 144. Upon the request of any 
Holder in connection with that Holders sale pursuant to Rule 144, the 
Partnership shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether 
it has complied with such requirements.

7. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Partnership of any of its 
obligations under this Agreement, each Holder, in addition to being 
entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, 
including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of 
its rights under this Agreement. The Partnership agrees that monetary 
damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by 
reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and 
further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in 
respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that a remedy at law 
would be adequate.

(b) Discontinued Disposition. Each Holder agrees by its acquisition of 
Registrable Securities that, upon receipt of a notice from the Partnership 
of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in clauses (ii) 
through (v) of Section 3(d), such Holder will forthwith discontinue 
disposition of such Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement 
until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemental Prospectus or 
amended Registration Statement or until it is advised in writing by the 
Partnership that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, 
in either case, has received copies of any additional or supplemental 
filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in 
such Prospectus or Registration Statement. The Partnership may provide 
appropriate stop orders to enforce the provisions of this Section 7(b).

(c) Amendments and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or 
amended except in a written instrument signed by the Parties. The 
Partnership shall provide prior notice to all Holders of any proposed 
waiver or amendment. No waiver of any default with respect to any 
provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be 
a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or 
a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall 
any delay or omission of any Party to exercise any right hereunder in any 
manner impair the exercise of any such right.

(d) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries 
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or 
electronic mail as specified in this Section 7(d) prior to 5:00 p.m.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Eastern Standard Time) on a Business Day, (ii) the Business Day after the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile or electronic mail as specified in this Agreement later than 5:00 
p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m. 
(Eastern Standard Time) on such date, (iii) the Business Day following the 
date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service 
or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Party to whom such notice is required to 
be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as 
follows:
 
  If to the Partnership, HESM GP or GP LLC:
   	c/o Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC
   	1185 Avenue of the Americas, 40th Floor
   	
New York, New York 10036
Attention: General Counsel
Telephone:
   	Facsimile:
   	Email:
  With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
   	Hess Midstream Partners LP
   	c/o Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC
   	1501 McKinney Street
   	Houston, Texas 77010
   	Attention: Chief Financial Officer
   	Telephone:
   	Facsimile:
   	Email:
  If to GIP:
   	GIP II Blue Holding Partnership, L.P.
   	c/o Global Infrastructure Management, LLC
   	12 East 49th Street, 38th Floor
   	New York, New York 10017
   	Attention: William Brilliant
   	Telephone:
   	Facsimile:
   	Email:
  With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
   	GIP II Blue Holding Partnership, L.P.
   	c/o Global Infrastructure Management UK LLP
   	5 Wilton Road, Sixth Floor
   	London SW1V 1AN
   	United Kingdom
   	Attention: Joseph Blum, General Counsel
   	Telephone:
   	Facsimile:
   	Email:
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  If to Hess:
   	Hess Investments North Dakota Limited
   	c/o Hess Corporation
   	1185 Avenue of the Americas, 40th Floor
   	New York, New York 10036
   	Attention: General Counsel
   	Telephone:
   	Facsimile:
   	Email:
  With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
   	Hess Investments North Dakota Limited
   	c/o Hess Corporation
   	1501 McKinney Street
   	Houston, Texas 77010
   	Attention: Chief Financial Officer
   	Telephone:
   	
Facsimile:
Email:
  If to any other Person who is then the registered Holder:
   	To the address of such Holder as it appears in the applicable register 
for the Registrable Securities

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the 
same manner, by such Person.

(e) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 
Except as provided in this Section 7(e), this Agreement, and any rights or 
obligations hereunder, may not be assigned without the prior written 
consent of the Partnership and each of the Sponsors. Notwithstanding 
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the registration rights of a 
Holder pursuant to this Agreement with respect to all or any portion of its 
Registrable Securities may be assigned without such consent (but only with 
all related obligations) with respect to such Registrable Securities (and 
any Registrable Securities issued as a dividend or other distribution with 
respect to, in exchange for or in replacement of such Registrable 
Securities) by such Holder to (i) any of its Affiliates or (ii) a 
transferee of Registrable Securities or Subordinated Units in which the 
amount of securities transferred represents 7.5% or more of the total 
number of Registrable Securities and Subordinated Units on the Closing 
Date; provided (x) the Partnership is, within a reasonable time after such 
assignment, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such 
assignee and the Registrable Securities and/or Subordinated Units with 
respect to which such registration rights are being assigned and (y) such 
assignee agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms set 
forth in this Agreement. The Partnership may not assign its respective 
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each 
of the Sponsors.

(f) Market Stand-Off Agreement. In connection with any underwritten 
offering of Partnership Securities, each Holder that, together with its 
Affiliates, holds five percent (5%) or more of the Partnerships voting 
securities (each, a 5% Holder) hereby agrees that such Holder shall not 
sell, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic 
effect as a sale of, any Partnership Securities held by such Holder (other 
than those included in such offering) for a period specified by the 
representative of the underwriters of Partnership Securities not to exceed 
ninety (90) days following the closing date of the offering of Partnership 
Securities (the Stand-Off Period); provided that all officers and 
directors of the General Partner and each Holder that, together with its 
Affiliates, holds at least five percent (5%) of the Partnerships voting 
securities enter into similar agreements and only if such Persons remain 
subject thereto (and are not released from such agreement) for such 
Stand-Off Period. Each 5% Holder agrees to execute and deliver such other 
agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Partnership or the 
underwriter which are consistent with the foregoing or which are necessary 
to give further effect thereto. In addition, if requested by the 
Partnership or the representative of the underwriters of Partnership 
Securities, each Holder shall provide, within three (3) days of such 
request, such information as may be required by the Partnership or such 
representative in connection with the completion of any public offering of 
the Partnership Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement. The 
obligations described in this Section 7(f) shall not apply to a 
registration relating solely to employee benefit plans on Form S-1 or Form 
S-8 or similar forms that may be promulgated in the future, or a 
registration relating solely to a transaction on Form S-4 or similar forms 
that may be promulgated in the future. The Partnership may impose 
stop-transfer instructions with respect to Common Units (or other 
securities) subject to the foregoing restriction until the end of the 
Stand-Off Period.

(g) Specific Performance. Damages in the event of breach of Section 5 by a 
party hereto may be difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain, and it is 
therefore agreed that each party, in addition to and without limiting any 
other remedy or right it may have, will have the right to seek an 
injunction or other equitable relief in any court of competent 
jurisdiction, enjoining any such breach, and enforcing specifically the 
terms and provisions hereof, and each of the parties hereto hereby waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all defenses it may have on 
the ground of lack of jurisdiction or competence of the court to grant such 
an injunction or other equitable relief. The existence of this right will 
not preclude any such party from pursuing any other rights and remedies at 
law or in equity that such party may have.

(h) Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any 
number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to 
be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile 
or electronic mail transmission, such signature shall create a valid 
binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such 
signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such 
signature delivered by facsimile or electronic mail transmission were the 
original thereof.

(i) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the 
principles of conflicts of law.

(j) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties irrevocably and 
unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any 
appellate court from and thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement, or for the recognition or enforcement of
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any judgment, and each of the Parties irrevocably and unconditionally 
agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be 
heard and determined in such Delaware court or, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. The Parties agree that 
a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and 
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any 
other manner provided by law.

(k) Waiver of Venue. The Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive, to 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (i) any objection that it 
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court 
referred to in Section 7(i) and (ii) the defense of an inconvenient forum 
to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(l) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and 
not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

(m) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the 
Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to find and employ an 
alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as 
that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is 
hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that they 
would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and 
restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared 
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(n) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with each of the other 
Transaction Documents, constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior contracts 
or agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any 
and all prior or contemporaneous discussions, agreements and 
understandings, whether oral or written that may have been made or entered 
into by or among any of the Parties or any of their respective affiliates 
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

(o) Headings; Section References. The headings in this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the 
meaning hereof. Unless otherwise stated, references to Sections, Schedules 
and Exhibits are to the Sections, Schedules and Exhibits of this Agreement.

[THIS SPACE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first written above.
 
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
By: Hess Midstream Partners GP LP, its general partner
By: Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LP
By: Hess Midstream Partners GP, LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HESS INVESTMENTS NORTH DAKOTA LIMITED
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
GIP II BLUE HOLDING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.
By: GIP BLUE HOLDING GP, LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement