 EX-10.2 4 ex10-2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
    SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of 
January 3, 2017, between Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and each purchaser identified on the signature 
pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a “Purchaser” and 
collectively the “Purchasers”).
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the Company desires to 
issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as 
more fully described in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, 
for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings 
set forth in this Section 1.1:
 
“Acquiring Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.5.
 
    “Action” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(j).
 
    “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one
    or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
    control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under
    Rule 405 under the Securities Act.
 
    “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Company.
 
    “Business Day” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day
    which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on
    which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
    required by law or other governmental action to close.
 
    “Closing” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities
    pursuant to Section 2.1.
 
    “Closing Date” means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction
    Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
    thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers’
    obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company’s
    obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been
    satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the third Trading Day
    following the date hereof.
 
    “Closing Statement” means the Closing Statement in the form on Annex A
    attached hereto.
 
    “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange
    Commission.
 
    “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01
    per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
    may hereafter be reclassified or changed.
 
    “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
    Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
    time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
    stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
    entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
 
    “Company Counsel” means Pepper Hamilton LLP, with offices located at
    The New York Times Building, 37th Floor, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York,
    New York 10018-1405.
 
    “Disclosure Schedules” means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company
    delivered concurrently herewith.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “EGS” means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at
    1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105.
 
    “Evaluation Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(s).
 
    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
    and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
    “Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock,
    restricted stock units, options or other similar equity securities to
    employees, consultants (provided that any such securities issued to
    consultants shall be issued as restricted securities pursuant to
    Regulation D of the Securities Act), officers or directors of the
    Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to any equity incentive, stock or
    option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the
    non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the
    members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such
    purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the
    exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued
    hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or
    convertible into shares of Common Stock, or other similar rights,
    issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that
    such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement
    to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
    price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other
    than in connection with stock splits or combinations), and (c)
    securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions or
    agreements approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the
    Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or
    to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its
    subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a
    business synergistic with or complementary to the business of the
    Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
    addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a
    transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for
    the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
    is investing in securities.
 
    “FCPA” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
“FDA” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).
 
    “FDCA” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).
 
    “GAAP” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).
 
    “Indebtedness” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(aa).
 
    “Intellectual Property Rights” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 3.1(p).
 
    “Liens” means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance,
    right of first refusal, preemptive right or other similar restriction.
 
    “Material Adverse Effect” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
    in Section 3.1(b).
 
    “Material Permits” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(n).
 
    “Per Share Purchase Price” equals $6.75, subject to adjustment for
    reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
    and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
    date of this Agreement.
 
    “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
    incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
    liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or
    subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
 
    “Pharmaceutical Product” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
    in Section 3.1(hh).
 
    “Placement Agent” means Maxim Group LLC.
 
    “Proceeding” means an action, claim, suit or proceeding (including,
    without limitation, a partial proceeding, such as a deposition),
    whether commenced or threatened.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “Prospectus” means the final prospectus filed for the Registration
    Statement.
 
    “Prospectus Supplement” means the supplement to the Prospectus
    complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
    Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the
    Closing.
 
    “Purchaser Party” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.7.
 
    “Registration Statement” means the effective registration statement
    with Commission file No. 333-207263 which registers the sale of the
    Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers.
 
    “Required Approvals” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(e).
 
    “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
    time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
    Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
    Rule.
 
    “Rule 424” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
    time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
    Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
    Rule.
 
    “SEC Reports” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(h).
 
    “Securities” means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.
 
    “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
    rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
    “Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each
    Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.
 
    “Short Sales” means all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of
    Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
    include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).
 
    “Subscription Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount
    to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
    below such Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this Agreement and
    next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United States dollars and
    in immediately available funds.
 
    “Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct
    or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date
    hereof.
 
    “Trading Day” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open
    for trading.
 
    “Trading Market” means any of the following markets or exchanges on
    which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
    question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
    Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
    OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).
 
    “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Warrants and any
    other documents or agreements executed in connection with the
    transactions contemplated hereunder.
 
    “Transfer Agent” means American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC,
    the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of
    6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219, and any successor transfer agent
    of the Company.
 
    “Variable Rate Transaction” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 4.10(b).
 
    “Warrants” means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants
    delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
    2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable following the date
    of issuance and shall be exercisable until exercised in full, in the
    form of Exhibit A attached hereto.
     
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
    exercise of the Warrants.
     
 
ARTICLE II.
PURCHASE AND SALE
 
2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery 
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and 
the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an 
aggregate of $4,290,000 of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser’s 
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by 
such Purchaser shall be made available for “Delivery Versus Payment” 
settlement with the Company. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser 
its respective Shares and Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 
2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items 
set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of 
the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing 
shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties 
shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, 
settlement of the Shares shall occur via “Delivery Versus Payment” (“DVP”) 
(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered 
in the Purchasers’ names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent 
directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each 
Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly 
electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment 
therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by 
wire transfer to the Company).
 
2.2
Deliveries.
 
    (a)
    On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to
    be delivered to each Purchaser the following:
 
    (i)     this Agreement duly executed by the Company;
     
     
    (ii)     a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the form
    of Exhibit B attached hereto;
 
 
    (iii)     subject to the last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the
    irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer
    Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company
    Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (“DWAC”) Shares equal to such
    Purchaser’s Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase
    Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;  
   
     
    (iv)     a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
    up to an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock equal to 255,000,
    with an exercise price equal to $0.01, subject to adjustment therein;
    and
     
     
     (v)     the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be
    delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).
 
    (b)
    On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause
    to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:
 
       (i)
       this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and
 
       (ii)
       such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount, which shall be made available
       for “Delivery Versus Payment” settlement with the Company.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
2.3
Closing Conditions.
 
    (a)
    The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing
    are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
       (i)
       the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
       representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
       Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the
       representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein
       (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be
       accurate as of such date);
 
       (ii)
       all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required
       to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
       performed; and
 
       (iii)
       the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section
       2.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
    (b)
    The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection
    with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
       (i)
       the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
       representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
       Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the
       Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company
       contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
       they shall be accurate as of such date);
 
       (ii)
       all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to
       be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
       performed;
 
       (iii)
       the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a)
       of this Agreement;
 
       (iv)
       there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
       Company since the date hereof; and
 
       (v)
       from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common
       Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
       Company’s principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the
       Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
       Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum
       prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
       are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a
       banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or
       New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any
       material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
       international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any
       material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
       case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
       impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the
       Closing.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the 
Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part 
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the 
extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the 
Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following 
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:
 
    (a)
    Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the
    Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or
    indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each
    Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and
    outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
    issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and
    similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company
    has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of
    them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
 
    (b)
    Organization and Qualification. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(b)
    , the Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly
    incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
    standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
    organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its
    properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
    conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor
    default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or
    articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter
    documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
    to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or
    other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
    conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
    except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the
    case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i)
    a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability
    of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the
    results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition
    (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as
    a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to
    perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under
    any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a “Material
    Adverse Effect”) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such
    jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke,
    limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.
 
    (c)
    Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate
    power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction
    Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and
    thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of
    the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by
    it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
    authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
    further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or
    the Company’s stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
    than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each
    other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon
    delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when
    delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, assuming due
    authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchasers, will
    constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
    against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
    by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
    reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
    affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited
    by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
    injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as
    indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
    applicable law.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (d)
    No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of
    this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a
    party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by
    it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will
    not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any
    Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
    organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or
    constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or
    both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien
    upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary,
    or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
    cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any
    agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a
    Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to
    which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
    or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or
    (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a
    violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
    decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to
    which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and
    state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or
    asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in
    the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or
    reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (e)
    Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain
    any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or
    make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal,
    state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
    connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company
    of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
    pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the
    Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s) to each
    applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and the Warrant
    Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and
    (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state
    securities laws (collectively, the “Required Approvals”).
 
    (f)
    Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly
    authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
    applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
    the Company other than restrictions on transfer of the Warrants
    provided for in the Transaction Documents or imposed by applicable
    securities laws. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the
    terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
    than restrictions on transfer of the Warrants provided for in the
    Transaction Documents or imposed by applicable securities laws. The
    Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum
    number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement
    and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration
    Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act,
    which became effective on October 9, 2015 (the “Effective Date”),
    including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto
    as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Company
    was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to
    use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the
    Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect
    to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this
    offering in accordance with General Instruction I.B.6. of Form S-3. The
    Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no
    stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the
    Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the
    Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for
    that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company,
    are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules
    and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the
    Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration
    Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of
    this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and
    any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material
    respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will
    not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
    any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
    the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any
    amendments or supplements thereto, at time the Prospectus or any
    amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date,
    conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
    of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
    under which they were made, not misleading.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (g)
    Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(g). Other than as reflected on Schedule 3.1(g), the
    Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed
    periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the
    Company’s equity incentive plans, the issuance of shares of Common
    Stock to employees, directors or consultants pursuant to the Company’s
    equity incentive plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
    of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most
    recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
    any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
    or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by
    the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale
    of the Securities or as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g), there are no
    outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or
    commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
    rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
    for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any
    shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or
    contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
    Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional
    shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of
    any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not
    obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock
    or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will
    not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the
    exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such
    securities. There are no securities of the Company or any Subsidiary
    that have any anti-dilution or similar adjustment rights (other than
    adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, and the like) to the
    exercise or conversion price, have any exchange rights, or reset
    rights. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(g), there are no
    outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
    that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no
    contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
    Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security
    of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock
    appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any
    similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital
    stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
    and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance in all material
    respects with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such
    outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or
    similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further
    approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or
    others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There
    are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar
    agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the
    Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or
    among any of the Company’s stockholders.
 
    (h)
    SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Except as disclosed in Schedule
    3.1(h), the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements
    and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the
    Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section
    13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or
    such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to
    file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits
    thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with
    the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively
    referred to herein as the “SEC Reports”) on a timely basis or has
    received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
    such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of
    their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
    respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
    Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
    any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
    fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
    statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
    were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject
    to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of
    the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
    with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
    of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of
    filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
    United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a
    consistent basis during the periods involved (“GAAP”), except as may be
    otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto
    and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all
    footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects
    the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
    as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
    flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
    statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (i)
    Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments.
    Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
    within the SEC Reports, except as reflected or specifically disclosed
    in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there
    has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would
    reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the
    Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or
    otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred
    in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
    (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company’s financial
    statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the
    Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting,
    (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution
    of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or
    made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
    stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any
    officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
    equity incentive plans or as reflected in Schedule 3.1(g). The Company
    does not have pending before the Commission any request for
    confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the
    Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact,
    circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is
    reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or
    its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties,
    operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be
    disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time
    this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly
    disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
    representation is made.
 
    (j)
    Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation or
    proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
    against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
    respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
    or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
    county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “Action”) which (i)
    adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or
    enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or
    (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably
    be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed
    in Schedule 3.1(j), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any
    director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action
    involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state
    securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not
    been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or
    contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company
    or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The
    Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the
    effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any
    Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
 
    (k)
    Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the
    Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
    Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
    Adverse Effect. None of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ employees is
    a member of a union that relates to such employee’s relationship with
    the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the
    Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with
    their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
    officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be,
    in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
    confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or
    non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any
    restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
    employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the
    foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
    with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations
    relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions
    of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in
    compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (l)
    Compliance. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports and as set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(l), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in
    default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has
    not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
    result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has
    the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in
    default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or
    credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a
    party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not
    such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any
    judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other
    governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any
    statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority,
    including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws
    relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and
    safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters,
    except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to
    result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (m)
    Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in
    compliance in all material respects with all federal, state, local and
    foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the
    environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land
    surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions,
    discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
    contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
    “Hazardous Materials”) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
    the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,
    disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all
    authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters,
    injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
    permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved
    thereunder (“Environmental Laws”); (ii) have received all permits
    licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable
    Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii)
    are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit,
    license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the
    failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually
    or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
     
    (n)
    Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all
    certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
    federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to
    conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
    except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably
    be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (“Material Permits
    ”), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written
    notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any
    Material Permit.
 
    (o)
    Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and
    marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and
    good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that
    is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in
    each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not
    materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
    interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by
    the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of
    federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been
    made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is
    neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and
    facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are
    held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which
    the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material
    respects.
 
    (p)
    Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and
    the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent
    applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade
    names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other
    intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required
    for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in
    the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material
    Adverse Effect (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”). None
    of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice
    (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
    has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or
    be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement,
    except where such action would not reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
    received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
    included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or
    otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights
    violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not
    have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.
    To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights
    are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person
    of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its
    Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
    secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual
    properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in
    the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to
    obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights
    that are necessary to conduct its business.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (q)
    Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of
    recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and
    in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which
    the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
    limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to
    the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any
    Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew
    its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to
    obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to
    continue its business without a significant increase in cost.
 
    (r)
    Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the
    SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any
    Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees
    of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
    transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services
    as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
    agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services
    to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
    providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or
    otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such
    employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any
    officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or
    is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in
    each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or
    consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses
    incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
    including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the
    Company.
 
    (s)
    Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the
    Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective and applicable to
    the Company as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and
    regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective
    as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth
    in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system
    of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
    assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
    management’s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are
    recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
    conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
    to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or
    specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
    is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and
    appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
    Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
    for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be
    disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the
    Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
    the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. The
    Company’s certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the
    disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries
    as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic
    report under the Exchange Act (such date, the “Evaluation Date”). The
    Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the
    Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the
    effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their
    evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there
    have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting
    (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
    materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (t)
    Certain Fees; FINRA Affiliation. Except as set forth in the Prospectus
    Supplement, no brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be
    payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
    advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank
    or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
    respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf
    of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 3.1(t)
    that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents. The Company has not made any direct or indirect
    payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to (i) any person, as a
    finder’s fee, investing fee or otherwise, in consideration of such
    person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company
    persons who provided capital to the Company, (ii) any FINRA member, or
    (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
    or association with any FINRA member within the 12-month period prior
    to the date on which the Registration Statement was filed with the
    Commission (the “Filing Date”) or thereafter. To the Company’s
    knowledge, no (i) officer or director of the Company or its
    subsidiaries, (ii) owner of 5% or more of the Company’s unregistered
    securities or that of its subsidiaries or (iii) owner of any amount of
    the Company’s unregistered securities acquired within the 180-day
    period prior to the Filing Date, has any direct or indirect affiliation
    or association with any FINRA member. The Company will advise the
    Placement Agent and their respective counsel if it becomes aware that
    any officer, director or stockholder of the Company or its subsidiaries
    is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member
    participating in the Offering.
 
    (u)
    Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and
    immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or
    be an Affiliate of, an “investment company” within the meaning of the
    Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
    (v)
    Registration Rights. Except as reflected in Schedule 3.1(v), no Person
    has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the
    registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company
    or any Subsidiary.
 
    (w)
    Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered
    pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
    has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to
    have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock
    under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification
    that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
    Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12
    months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
    Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the
    effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or
    maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as disclosed in
    the SEC Reports, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it
    will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with
    all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is
    currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust
    Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is
    current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such
    other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
    electronic transfer. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder
    does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.
 
    (x)
    Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of
    Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render
    inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination,
    poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or
    other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company’s certificate
    of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its
    state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the
    Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
    their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction
    Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company’s
    issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers’ ownership of the
    Securities.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (y)
    Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of
    the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company
    confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has
    provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any
    information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material,
    non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the
    Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the
    Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting
    transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure
    furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding
    the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the
    transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to
    this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
    necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
    releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding
    the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
    to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and
    when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no
    Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with
    respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those
    specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
 
    (z)
    No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers’
    representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the
    Company or any Person acting on its behalf, nor, to the Company’s
    knowledge, any of the Company’s Affiliates or any Person acting on
    their behalf, has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of
    any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under
    circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
    integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any
    applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
    which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.
 
    (aa)
    Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company
    as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the
    Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, the
    current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the
    Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
    taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, may be
    insufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities
    when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend
    to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
    (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or
    in respect of its debt). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(aa), the
    Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to
    believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the
    bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year
    from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date
    hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
    Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary
    has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Indebtedness”
    means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
    of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
    course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
    contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or
    not the same are or should be reflected in the Company’s consolidated
    balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement
    of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
    transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present
    value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
    required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth
    on Schedule 3.1(l), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
    default with respect to any Indebtedness.
 
    (bb)
    Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the
    aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
    Adverse Effect, or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(bb), each of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States
    federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise
    tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to
    which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental
    assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or
    determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and
    (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the
    payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to
    which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
    taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority
    of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any
    Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (cc)
    Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor
    to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
    person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i)
    directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
    gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or
    domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
    or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or
    domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
    failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any
    Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
    Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any
    material respect any provision of FCPA.
 
    (dd)
    Accountants. The Company’s accounting firm is set forth on Schedule
    3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge and belief of the
    Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting
    firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion
    with respect to the financial statements to be included in the
    Company’s Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.
 
    (ee)
    Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers’ Purchase of Securities. The
    Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting
    solely in the capacity of an arm’s length purchaser with respect to the
    Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The
    Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial
    advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
    respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
    thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
    respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction
    Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
    incidental to the Purchasers’ purchase of the Securities. The Company
    further represents to each Purchaser that the Company’s decision to
    enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been
    based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
    contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.
 
    (ff)
    Acknowledgement Regarding Purchaser’s Trading Activity. Anything in
    this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
    (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and
    acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
    asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist
    from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
    Company, or “derivative” securities based on securities issued by the
    Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or
    future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically
    including, without limitation, Short Sales or “derivative”
    transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private
    placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the
    Company’s publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and
    counter-parties in “derivative” transactions to which any such
    Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a
    “short” position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not
    be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm’s length
    counter-party in any “derivative” transaction. The Company further
    understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
    in hedging activities at various times during the period that the
    Securities are outstanding and (z) such hedging activities (if any)
    could reduce the value of the existing stockholders’ equity interests
    in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are
    being conducted.  The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned
    hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
    Documents.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (gg)
    Regulation M Compliance.  The Company has not, and to its knowledge no
    one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
    action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or
    manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
    the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for,
    purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
    of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any
    compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
    the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
    compensation paid to the Company’s placement agent in connection with
    the placement of the Securities.
 
    (hh)
    FDA. As to each product, if any, subject to the jurisdiction of the
    U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) under the Federal Food, Drug
    and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (“FDCA”)
    that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold,
    and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such
    product, a “Pharmaceutical Product”), such Pharmaceutical Product is
    being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or
    marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements
    under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to
    registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or
    application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory
    practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling,
    advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the
    failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
    There is no pending, completed or, to the Company’s knowledge,
    threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or
    administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, investigation or
    complaint) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning
    letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental
    entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure,
    registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the
    manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the
    labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws
    its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or
    withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional
    materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a
    clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter
    into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any
    laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
    and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a
    Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the
    Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in
    accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. 
    The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit
    the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product
    proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has
    the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing
    any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.
    There are no legal or governmental proceedings relating to the FDCA,
    the Public Health Service Act or any regulations of the FDA pending or
    threatened in writing to which the Company is a party, nor is it aware
    of any violations of such acts or regulations by the Company, which
    would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (ii)
    Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any
    Subsidiary nor, to the Company’s knowledge, any director, officer,
    agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is
    currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
    Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“OFAC”).
 
    (jj)
    U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has
    never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
    of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
    the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser’s request.
 
    (kk)
    Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
    of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”), and to regulation by the Board of
    Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”).
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or
    controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the
    outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five
    percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is
    subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither
    the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a
    controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any
    entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal
    Reserve.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (ll)
    Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
    are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
    financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and
    Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
    money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations
    thereunder (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”), and no Action
    or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
    or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with
    respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of
    the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.
 
    (mm)
    Share Option Plans. Each share option granted by the Company under the
    Company’s share option plans was granted (i) in accordance with the
    terms of the Company’s share option plans and (ii) with an exercise
    price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on
    the date such share option would be considered granted under GAAP and
    applicable law. No share option granted under the Company’s share
    option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted,
    and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly
    grant, share options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the
    grant of share options with, the release or other public announcement
    of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or
    their financial results or prospects.
 
 
3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for 
itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as 
of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such 
date):
 
  (a)
  Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an
  entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
  under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with
  full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar
  power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
  contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
  obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the
  Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the
  transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly
  authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability
  company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser.
  Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed
  by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance
  with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding
  obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with
  its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and
  applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
  laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights
  generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
  specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
  (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
  limited by applicable law.
 
  (b)
  No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser
  of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation
  by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
  will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents, if
  any, of such Purchaser or (ii) result in a violation of any law, rule,
  regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state
  securities laws) applicable to such Purchaser, except for such violations
  which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
  to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Purchaser to
  perform its obligations hereunder.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
  (c)
  Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the
  Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect
  arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or
  regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and
  warranty not limiting such Purchaser’s right to sell the Securities
  pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
  applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is
  acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
  business.
 
  (d)
  Independent Investment Decision. Such Purchaser has independently
  evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Securities pursuant to
  the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser confirms that it has not
  relied on the advice of any other Purchaser or party’s business advisors
  and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Such Purchaser understands
  that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on
  behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of
  the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such
  Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in
  its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection
  with its purchase of the Securities.
 
(e)
 
  Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities,
  it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it
  exercises any Warrants it will be, either: (i) an “accredited investor”
  as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the
  Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in
  Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser is not required to
  be registered as a broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.
  Such Purchaser has a substantive, pre-existing relationship with the
  Company and/or the Placement Agent.
 
  (f)
  Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together
  with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
  experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of
  evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the
  Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.
  Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
  Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of
  such investment. The Purchaser understands that there is no established
  market for the Warrants, nor is any such market expected to develop.
 
  (g)
  Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the
  opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
  and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the
  opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to
  receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms
  and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks
  of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the
  Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business,
  properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate
  its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional
  information that the Company possesses or can acquire without
  unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed
  investment decision with respect to the investment.  Such Purchaser
  acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any
  Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any
  information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such
  information or advice necessary or desired.  Neither the Placement Agent
  nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company
  or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any
  Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the
  Company, which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
  contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or
  preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in
  order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. In
  connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither
  the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial
  advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
  (h)
  Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the
  transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any
  Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such
  Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales,
  including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period
  commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet
  (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the
  Company setting forth the material pricing terms of the transactions
  contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution
  hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is
  a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
  manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio
  managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
  portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets,
  the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the
  portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the
  investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such
  Purchaser’s representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
  directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and
  Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all
  disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the
  existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
  for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
  representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the
  identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares
  to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the
  future.
 
  (i)
   
  Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor any
  other Person has made any oral representation or warranty as to the
  Company or this Agreement.
 
  (j)
   
  No Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States
  federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency
  has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities
  or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor
  have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering
  of the Securities.
 
  (k)
   
  Brokers and Finders. Other than the Placement Agent, no broker or finder
  has acted for the Purchaser in connection with its purchase of any
  Security and no broker or finder is entitled to any broker’s or finder’s
  fees or other commissions in connection therewith based on agreements
  between the Purchaser and any broker or finder.
 
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in 
this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser’s right 
to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other 
Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or 
delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
ARTICLE IV.
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES
 
4.1              Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is 
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to 
cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is 
exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any 
such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following 
the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration 
statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not 
effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the 
Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the 
Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective 
and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration 
statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the 
Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not 
limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of 
the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state 
securities laws). The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep a 
registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering 
the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of 
the Warrants; provided, however, that the Purchasers acknowledge that the 
Registration Statement may not be eligible to be used after the filing with 
the Commission of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2016.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
4.2         Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns 
Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to use 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Common 
Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file 
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable 
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the 
date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then 
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.
 
4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers 
to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in 
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or 
sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any 
Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the 
closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained 
before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
 
4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date 
hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 
8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the 
Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the 
issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers 
that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information 
delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or 
agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, 
the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or 
similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between 
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, 
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the 
Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. 
The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any 
other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, 
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press 
release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior 
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, 
or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press 
release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or 
delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the 
disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice 
of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or 
include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any 
regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of 
such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in 
connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the 
Commission or subsequent filings by the Company with the Commission and (b) 
to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market 
regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with 
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).
 
4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company 
or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser 
is an “Acquiring Person” under any control share acquisition, business 
combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights 
agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or 
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to 
trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of 
receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other 
agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and 
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, 
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and 
agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will 
provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that 
constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material 
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have 
consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to 
keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms 
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting 
transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company 
delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such 
Purchaser’s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such 
Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of 
its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, 
employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries 
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or 
Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public 
information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable 
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction 
Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information 
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously 
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 
8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be 
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities 
of the Company.
 
4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the 
Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities 
hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) 
for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt (other than 
payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company’s business 
and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common 
Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or 
(d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.
 
4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 
4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, 
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any 
other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such 
titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each 
Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 
Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, 
officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any 
other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such 
titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such 
controlling persons (each, a “Purchaser Party”) harmless from any and all 
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and 
expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs 
and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of investigation that any such 
Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any 
material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or 
agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other 
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser 
Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by 
any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser 
Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such 
Purchaser Party’s representations, warranties or covenants under the 
Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser 
Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such 
Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such 
Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful 
misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any 
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to 
this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in 
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser 
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel 
in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and 
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party 
except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically 
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a 
reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or 
(iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a 
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company 
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall 
be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one 
such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser 
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party 
effected without the Company’s prior written consent, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the 
extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any 
Purchaser Party’s breach of any of the representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or 
in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this 
Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during 
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received 
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in 
addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party 
against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be 
subject to pursuant to law; provided, however, that no Purchaser shall be 
entitled to any double recovery of damages as a result of the exercise of 
any other such right.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has 
reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at 
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of 
Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares 
pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of 
the Warrants.
 
4.10
Listing of Common Stock. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10 attached 
hereto, the Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best 
efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the 
Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the 
Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and 
Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of 
all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company 
further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on 
any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of 
the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is 
necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or 
quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company 
will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and 
trading of its Common Stock on such other Trading Market and will comply in 
all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations 
under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to 
maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer 
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing 
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to 
the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation 
in connection with such electronic transfer.
 
4.11
 
Subsequent Equity Sales.
 
    (a)
    From the date hereof until January 27, 2017, neither the Company nor
    any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or
    announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common
    Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.
 
    (b)
    From the date hereof until January 27, 2017, the Company shall be
    prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any
    issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or
    Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving
    a Variable Rate Transaction. “Variable Rate Transaction” means a
    transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity
    securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
    or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock
    either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or
    other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of
    or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the
    initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a
    conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset
    at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
    security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
    directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the
    market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a
    transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an
    equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a
    future determined price. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
    injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
    which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.
 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in
    respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
    shall be an Exempt Issuance.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification 
of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to 
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the 
Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all 
of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, 
this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by 
the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended 
for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way 
be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect 
to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.
 
4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any 
Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it 
will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the 
Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution of 
this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial 
press release as described in Section 4.4.  Each Purchaser, severally and 
not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by 
the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 
4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and 
terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure 
Schedules.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything 
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, 
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting 
transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced 
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no 
Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions 
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities 
laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press 
release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any 
duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the 
Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the 
initial press release as described in Section 4.4.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment 
vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of 
such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge 
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other 
portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall 
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio 
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities 
covered by this Agreement.
 
4.14
 
              Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included 
in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the 
Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, 
other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to 
exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no 
ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion 
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of 
Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company 
shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in 
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the 
Transaction Documents.
 
ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1
Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such 
Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on 
the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written 
notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or 
before January 6, 2017; provided, however, that no such termination will 
affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or 
parties).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.2
Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse the 
Placement Agent for all reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, 
reasonable fees and disbursements of the Placement Agent’s counsel and all 
reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses) incurred by the 
Placement Agent in connection with the transaction contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser, prior 
to the Closing, a completed and executed copy of the Closing Statement, 
attached hereto as Annex A. Except as expressly set forth in the 
Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and 
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, 
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, 
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The 
Company shall pay all fees and expenses incident to the performance of or 
compliance with the issuance of the Securities, including without 
limitation (a) all registration and filing fees and expenses, including 
without limitation those related to filings with the Commission, any 
Trading Market, any required filing with FINRA by the Placement Agent, and 
in connection with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws, (b) 
printing expenses, (c) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (d) fees 
and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (e) reasonable fees and 
expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and 
(f) all listing fees to be paid by the Company to the Trading Market. The 
Company shall also pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without 
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction 
letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties 
levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.
 
5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and 
schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, contain 
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, 
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties 
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.
 
5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required 
or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be 
deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or 
email attachment at the facsimile number or email address as set forth on 
the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or 
email attachment at the facsimile number or email address as set forth on 
the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or 
later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the 
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. 
nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt 
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for 
such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature 
pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to 
any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public 
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall 
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current 
Report on Form 8-K.
 
5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, 
modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in 
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at 
least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the initial Subscription 
Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom 
enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any 
amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts 
a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such 
disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also 
be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, 
condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a 
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a 
waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall 
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any 
manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or 
waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights 
and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and 
obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent 
of such adversely affected Purchaser, Any amendment effected in accordance 
with accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser 
and holder of Securities and the Company.
 
5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a 
part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of 
the provisions hereof.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The 
Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations 
hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than 
by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this 
Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any 
Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, 
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that apply to the “Purchasers.”
 
5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party 
beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 
3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 
3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the 
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, 
except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.
 
5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, 
enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be 
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws 
of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of 
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the 
interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought 
against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, 
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced 
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New 
York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of 
Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection 
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein 
(including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction 
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any 
Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the 
jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper 
or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby 
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process 
being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via 
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of 
delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under 
this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and 
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein 
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or 
Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in 
addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the 
prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the 
non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and 
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of 
such Action or Proceeding.
 
5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive 
the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.
 
5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all 
of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement 
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party 
and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties 
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is 
delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” 
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” 
signature page were an original thereof.
 
5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the 
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and 
employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same 
result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or 
restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of 
the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be 
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the 
other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, 
election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company 
does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein 
provided (including all applicable grace or cure periods), then such 
Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time 
upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election 
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; 
provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a 
Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of 
Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently 
with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to 
the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchaser’s right 
to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchaser’s Warrant (including, 
issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored 
right).
 
5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any 
Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue 
or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon 
cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and 
substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon 
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, 
theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument 
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs 
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such 
replacement Securities.
 
5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided 
herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the 
Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under 
the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not 
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of 
obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to 
waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such 
obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
 
5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or 
payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a 
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or 
payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part 
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 
5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers’ Obligations and Rights. The obligations 
of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint 
with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be 
responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the 
obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing 
contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken 
by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute 
the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any 
other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in 
any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or 
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser 
shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights 
including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or 
out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for 
any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding 
for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate 
legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. 
For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its 
respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through EGS. 
EGS does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents Maxim 
Group LLC. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same 
terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not 
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It 
is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this 
Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and 
a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers 
collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Company’s obligations to pay any partial liquidated 
damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a 
continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all 
unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid 
notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which 
such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall 
have been canceled.
 
5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.  If the last or appointed day for the 
taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted 
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such 
right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.
 
5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective 
counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction 
Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect 
that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall 
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any 
amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices 
and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to 
adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock 
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur 
after the date of this Agreement.
 
5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY 
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH 
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES 
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.
 
 
 
(Signature Pages Follow)
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
 
INTERPACE DIAGNOSTICS GROUP, INC.
 
Address for Notice:
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Fax:
 
Name:
Title:
 
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 
_________________________________
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
_______________________________________________
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: 
________________________________________________
 
Email Address of Authorized 
Signatory:_________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
__________________________________________
 
Address for Notice to Purchaser:
 
 
 
Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for 
notice):
 
 
 
 
 
Subscription Amount: $_________________
 
Shares: _________________
 
Warrants: _________________
 
EIN Number: _______________________
 
☐  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by 
checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the 
securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by 
the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such 
securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions 
to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the third 
(3rd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any 
condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being 
disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or 
the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or 
purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall 
instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed 
(as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the 
like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing 
Date.
 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Annex A
 
CLOSING STATEMENT
 
Pursuant to the attached Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof, the purchasers shall purchase up to $[_______] of Common Stock 
and Warrants from Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(the “Company”). All funds will be wired into an account maintained by the 
Company. All funds will be disbursed in accordance with this Closing 
Statement.
 
         Disbursement Date:   January [  ], 2017
 
 
 
 
I.   PURCHASE PRICE
 
 
 
 
Gross Proceeds to be Received
$
 
 
II.  DISBURSEMENTS
 
 
 
 
$
 
 
$
 
 
$
 
 
$
 
 
$
 
 
Total Amount Disbursed:
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:
 
 
 
 
 
To: _____________________________________
 
 
 
 
 
To: _____________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
dISCLOSURE schedules
to
securities purchase agreement 
 
This document and any attachments hereto constitute the Disclosure 
Schedules referred to in the Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement
”), dated as of January 3, 2017, between Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and each purchaser identified on 
the signature pages thereto. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms as 
set forth in the Agreement.
 
The numbered sections and subsections referenced in this Disclosure 
Schedule correspond to the numbered sections and subsections of the 
Agreement. The headings in this Disclosure Schedule are for reference 
purposes only and are not a part of the responses to representations or 
warranties or a qualification of the representations and warranties of the 
Company set forth in the Agreement.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Disclosure 
Schedule or in the Agreement, the information and disclosures contained in 
any section of this Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to be disclosed and 
incorporated by reference in any other section of this Disclosure Schedule 
as though fully set forth in such other section for which applicability of 
such information and disclosure is readily apparent on its face. The fact 
that any item of information is disclosed in any section of this Disclosure 
Schedule shall not be construed to mean that such information is required 
to be disclosed by the Agreement. Such information and the dollar 
thresholds set forth in the Agreement shall not be used as a basis for 
interpreting the terms “material” or “Material Adverse Effect” or similar 
terms whether used in the Agreement or otherwise.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(a)
 
SUBSIDIARIES
 
 
  	
1.
Interpace Diagnostics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.
  	
2.
Interpace BioPharma, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.
  	
3.
Group DCA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.
  	
4.
Interpace Diagnostics Corporation, a Delaware corporation, is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Interpace Diagnostics, LLC.
  	
5.
Interpace Diagnostics Lab Inc. (f/k/a JS Genetics, Inc.), a Delaware 
corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Interpace Diagnostics, LLC.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(b)
 
ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION
 
 
  	
1.
Interpace BioPharma, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, is in 
good standing in New Jersey but needs to file its 2015 annual report.
   
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(g)
 
CAPITALIZATION
 
 
Common Stock
Restricted Stock
Units
Stock Appreciation
Rights
Options
Total
  	  	  	  	 
2,176,252
102,369
102,680
87,871
2,469,172
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(h)
 
SEC REPORTS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
 
  	
1.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2016
     
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(j)
 
LITIGATION
 
 
  	
1.
On May 27, 2016, Michael J. Swann, one of the Company’s former employees, 
filed a complaint against the Company in the Court of Common Pleas of the 
Fifth Judicial Circuit in South Carolina in a matter entitled Michael J. 
Swann v. Akorn, Inc., and Interpace Diagnostic Group Inc. (Civil Action No. 
2016-CP-40-03362). In the complaint, Mr. Swann alleges, among other things, 
that he was discriminated against and wrongfully terminated as a member of 
a sales force marketing pharmaceutical products of Akorn, Inc., because of 
an illness suffered by Mr. Swann. Mr. Swann alleges that he was 
discriminated against in violation of the Americans with Disabilities 
Act/Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act and the Family Medical 
Leave Act and seeks damages for back pay, reinstatement, front pay, 
compensatory and punitive damages in an amount not less than $300,000, 
attorney’s fees and costs. The Company denies that it is liable to Mr. 
Swann for any of the claims asserted and intends to vigorously defend 
itself against those claims.
 
 
  	
2.
The Company received a letter dated August 29, 2016 (the “Letter”) from 
Douglas S. Bramley of the law firm McMoran, O’Connor & Bramley representing 
Nancy Lurker in connection with the Agreement and General Release she 
signed with the Company on or about December 22, 2015. The Letter alleges 
that $1,331,275 in severance and incentive compensation was due and payable 
to Ms. Lurker on or before June 23, 2016. The Letter threatened to take 
legal action to protect Ms. Lurker’s rights under the Agreement if not 
remedied. The Company responded through its counsel by letter dated 
September 13, 2016.
 
 
  	
3.
The Company received an e-mail dated November 7, 2016 from Julie A. Uebler 
of the law firm Uebler Law LLC representing Frank Arena, Jennifer Leonard, 
and Gerry Melillo in connection with their respective Separation Agreements 
with the Company. The e-mail indicated that it was an attempt to exhaust 
all pre-litigation efforts to resolve the matter and attached a copy of a 
draft complaint alleging a breach of contract claims relating to their 
respective Separation Agreements. The Company has been engaged in 
settlement discussions; however, no settlement has been reached as of the 
date of this Agreement.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(l)
 
COMPLIANCE 
 
 
 
1.
The Company received a Notice of Default dated December 12, 2016 for 
non-payment of November and December rent for its Parsippany facility, 
which has been substantially vacant since the sale of the Company’s CSO 
operations in December, 2015. In the notice, the landlord stated the amount 
of rent due, $112,519.19, had been deducted from a security deposit of 
$136,975.25. The Company paid the past due November 2016 rent and 
negotiations are underway to obtain a waiver of default and to replenish 
the deposit amount. The lease term for the property ends on June 30, 2017.
 
 
 
2.
The Company is currently in default under its existing Credit Agreement, 
dated September 28, 2016, with SCM Specialty Finance Opportunities Fund, 
L.P. As of the date of the Agreement, the Company has not borrowed any 
funds under the Credit Agreement. The Company is currently in the process 
of negotiating revisions to certain covenants in the Credit Agreement.
 
 
  	
3.
The Company has outstanding severance obligations in the amount of $3.1 
million due to five former senior executives in connection with their 
respective separation agreements.
 
 
  	
4.
See Item 3 of Schedule 3.1(a)(a).
 
 
  	
5.
The Company received a notice, dated December 9, 2016, indicating that it 
is in default of amounts owed totaling € 177,262.50 under the Research 
Agreement for Human Tissue Study with Academisch Medisch Centrum. The 
Company is in the process of negotiating the amounts due as well as payment 
terms.
 
 
  	
6.
The Company received a Notice of Default dated December 16, 2016 for 
non-payment of December rent in the amount of $30,666.67 and an additional 
amount of $3,616.48 (a portion of which relates to November rent, plus a 
late fee of $900 for failing to timely pay December rent) for its 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania facility. The Company has since paid the December 
2016 rent but has not yet paid rent due January 1, 2017.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(o)
 
TITLE TO ASSETS
 
 
  	
1.
In connection with the Company’s acquisition of RedPath Integrated 
Pathology, Inc. (“RedPath”) on October 31, 2014, the Company, its 
subsidiary, Interpace Diagnostics, LLC and RedPath Equityholder 
Representative, LLC entered into that certain Non-Negotiable Subordinated 
Secured Promissory Note, dated as of October 31, 2014 (the “Note”) in favor 
of RedPath Equityholder Representative, LLC on behalf of the former 
equityholders of RedPath. The obligations of the Company under the Note are 
guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to a Guarantee and 
Collateral Agreement pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries 
also granted a security interest in substantially all of their respective 
assets, including intellectual property, to secure their obligations to 
RedPath Equityholder Representative, LLC.
 
 
  	
2.
See Item 1 of Schedule 3.1(l), which is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(v)
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS
 
 
None.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(a)(a)
 
SOLVENCY
 
  	
1.
Below is the Company’s Current Liabilities, non-Trade Payables for over 
$50,000 as of December 31, 2016
 
Interpace Diagnostics Group
  	  	  	  	 
Portion of 10Q Total Current Liabilities, non-Trade Payables and >$50,000 
(Estimates – All figures are in thousands)
 
31-Dec-16
  	  	  	  	  	 
 Discontinued Operations
  	
 12/31/16
  	
 Continuing Operations
 12/31/16
 
  	  	  	  	
Current portion of RedPath debt
        3,757
 
Purdue
  	
               567
  	
Accrued Severance to Executives, CSO divestiture
        2,244
 
Greer
  	
               339
  	
Accrued professional fees (Pepper, BDO, KPMG, etc.)
        1,634
 
CSO vendor terminations
  	
               249
  	
Indemnification liability
            875
 
ARI
  	
               238
  	
DOJ settlement
            580
 
Due to Publicis
  	
               206
  	
Unclaimed property
            544
 
Veeva
  	
               256
  	
AMC Rebus
            195
 
Akorn
  	
               106
  	
Quadax
            332
 
C3I
  	
               228
  	
Washington St Univ
            107
 
  	  	  	  	
 Ohio St Foundation
              82
 
  	  	
  
  	
 Rent
            110
 
  	  	  	  	
 Contingent Consideration - short term
            184
 
Subtotal
  	
            2,189
  	
 Subtotal
      10,644
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ERT bonus
  	
               545
  	
 Long Term Portion of RedPath debt
        4,485
 
CSO severance
  	
               877
  	
 Contingent Consideration - long term
      17,691
 
Total Liabilities - Disc Ops
  	
           3,611
  	
 Uncertain tax positions
        3,556
 
  	  	  	  	
 DOJ Settlement - long term
        1,000
 
  	  	  	  	
 Other
              59
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 Continuing Operations
      37,435
  	  	  	  	 
 Discontinued Operations
        3,611
  	  	
 Total Liabilities - Continuing Ops
      37,435
 
 Total liabilities > $50,000
      41,046
  	  	  	  	 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(a)(a) (Continued)
 
SOLVENCY 
 
 
  	
2.
In connection with our acquisition of RedPath on October 31, 2014, we 
entered into the Note. On November 16, 2016, the Note was further amended 
to, among other things, extend the due date for the first quarterly payment 
until December 31, 2016. Subsequent payments are to be made on the first 
day of each fiscal quarter, beginning on April 1, 2017. We made our first 
payment due under the Note of $1,333,750 on December 29, 2016. However, we 
currently do not have the funds to make the April 1, 2017 payment or any 
subsequent payments. In the event we do not raise sufficient equity or debt 
capital to enable us to make the April 1st payment or future payment when 
due, RedPath Equityholder Representative, LLC may determine at such times 
to begin foreclosure proceedings, bankruptcy proceedings or similar 
proceedings or pursue other remedies available to it.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(a)(a) (Continued)
 
SOLVENCY
 
  	
3.
Below is a summary of outstanding royalty payments as of November 30, 2016
   
Royalties estimated through November 30, 2016      
 
ThygenX
(mirInform)
Thyramir
Pancramir
  	  	Totals 	  	  	Method for calculation 	  	Max 	Stacked 	Max 	Stacked 	
Max 	Stacked
Johns Hopkins
 
 143,954
  	  	
See table,/use stacked rate
 
4.00%
2.00%
4.00%
2.00%
N/A
N/A
Wellcome Trust
 
 52,846
  	  	
See table,/use stacked rate
 
2.25%
1.13%
2.25%
1.13%
N/A
N/A
Brigham & Women's
 
 187,904
  	  	
See table,/use stacked rate
 
6.00%
4.00%
6.00%
4.00%
N/A
N/A
Exiqon
 
  71,875
  	  	
See table,/use stacked rate
 
N/A
N/A
6.00%
3.00%
N/A
N/A
CPRIT
 
 70,463
  	  	
See table,/use stacked rate
 
5.00%
1.50%
5.00%
1.50%
5.00%
1.50%
Ohio St Innovation Foundation
 
 50,000
  	  	
Invoiced
 
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
4.00%
4.00%
Asuragen
 
 128,712
  	  	
3.5% of ThyGenx, ThyraMir, & Mirinform
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 705,753
  	  	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  	
4.
In September 2016, the Company stopped making payments pursuant to certain 
payment plans it had entered into with certain vendors for outstanding 
claims with an aggregate amount of $1.8 million.  
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(b)(b)
 
TAX STATUS
 
 
The Company has approximately $226,000 of outstanding state tax liabilities 
known to be claimed due by the taxing authority of various state 
jurisdictions.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 3.1(d)(d)
 
ACCOUNTANTS
 
 
BDO USA, LLP
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 4.6
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for working 
capital, repayment of indebtedness and general corporate purposes.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 4.10
 
LISTING OF COMMON STOCK 
 
On January 7, 2016, The Company was notified by The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
(“NASDAQ”) that it was no longer in compliance with the minimum bid price 
requirements of the stock exchange and that the Company had until July 5, 
2016 to regain compliance with this requirement or face delisting. On July 
6, 2016, the Company was notified by NASDAQ that it was eligible for an 
additional 180 day period, or until January 3, 2017, to regain compliance. 
On August 3, 2016, our stockholders voted to allow, but not require, our 
board of directors to effect a reverse stock split of the outstanding 
shares of common stock at any time before January 1, 2017 by a ratio of not 
less than one-for-five and not more than one-for-thirty, with the specific 
ratio to be fixed within this range by the Board in its sole discretion. On 
December 27, 2016, the Board determined to set the reverse stock split 
ratio at one-for-ten and approved the final form of Certificate of 
Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of 
Amendment”) to effectuate the reverse stock split. The Certificate of 
Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on 
December 28, 2016, and the reverse stock split became effective in 
accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Amendment at 5:00 p.m. 
Eastern Standard Time on December 28, 2016. At that time, every 10 shares 
of common stock issued and outstanding were automatically combined into one 
share of issued and outstanding common stock, without any change in the par 
value per share. The Company’s common stock began trading on The Nasdaq 
Capital Market on a reverse stock split-adjusted basis on December 29, 
2016. There was no change in the Company’s ticker symbol, “IDXG,” as a 
result of the reverse stock split.
 
The reverse stock split had to be executed no later than ten business days 
prior to January 3, 2017, or December 19, 2016, in order to regain 
compliance with the NASDAQ minimum bid price requirement in a timely 
manner, unless the Company’s closing bid price was at least $1.00 for a 
minimum of 10 business days prior to that time. As of January 3, 2017, the 
closing bid price of the Company’s common stock had not been at least $1.00 
for 10 or more consecutive business days. The Company expects NASDAQ to 
provide written notification indicating that the Company’s common stock 
will be delisted. At that time, the Company may appeal NASDAQ’s delisting 
determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the “Panel”). The Company’s 
common stock would remain listed pending the Panel’s decision. If the 
Company appeals any delisting determination by NASDAQ to the Panel, there 
can be no assurance that such appeal would be successful.
 
As previously disclosed in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2016, the 
Company also received written notice from NASDAQ indicating that it is not 
in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires companies 
listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain a minimum of $2,500,000 in 
stockholders’ equity for continued listing nor did the Company meet the 
alternative requirements based on the market value of listed securities or 
net income from continuing operations. The Company has 45 calendar days to 
submit a plan to regain compliance and if the Company’s plan to regain 
compliance is accepted, NASDAQ may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar 
days from the date of the notification letter, November 23, 2016, to regain 
compliance. If the Company’s plan to regain compliance is not accepted, it 
will have the opportunity to appeal that decision to a Hearings Panel. The 
Company is conducting this offering as a step in our efforts to increase 
its stockholders’ equity to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 
5550(b)(1). However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be 
able to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) and retain 
its listing.
 
As previously disclosed in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
on October 4, 2016, Heinrich Dreismann, Ph.D., resigned as a member of the 
Board of Directors of the Company effective as of September 30, 2016. In 
connection with Dr. Dreismann’s resignation and to comply with Nasdaq 
Listing Rule 5605(c)(4)(B), on October 5, 2016, the Company notified NASDAQ 
that, as a result of the vacancy on the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) created by Dr. Dreismann’s 
resignation, the Audit Committee only has two members and the Company was 
not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(2)(A), which requires 
the Audit Committee be comprised of at least three members. In response to 
the Company’s notice, NASDAQ issued a letter to the Company on October 6, 
2016 acknowledging the Company’s notice that it was no longer in compliance 
with the audit committee requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 
5605(c)(2)(A). In its letter, NASDAQ notified the Company that it can rely 
on the cure period provided by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(4), which allows 
the Company until the earlier of (i) the Company’s next annual meeting of 
stockholders or (ii) October 2, 2017 to regain compliance, or, if the next 
annual meeting of stockholders is held before March 29, 2017, then the 
Company must evidence compliance no later than March 29, 2017. The Company 
intends to appoint an additional independent director to its Board of 
Directors and to the Audit Committee prior to the end of the cure period.
 