 EX-10.1 3 d260662dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION




TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

by and between

XEROX CORPORATION

and

CONDUENT INCORPORATED
 

 

Dated as of December 30, 2016
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	  
Definitions 	  
SECTION 1.01. 	  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
ARTICLE II 	  
Services 	  
SECTION 2.01. 	  	
 Provision of Services
   	  	4 	  
SECTION 2.02. 	  	
 Service Amendments and Additions
   	  	8 	  
SECTION 2.03. 	  	
 No Management Authority
   	  	9 	  
ARTICLE III 	  
Compensation 	  
SECTION 3.01. 	  	
 Compensation for Services
   	  	9 	  
SECTION 3.02. 	  	
 Payment Terms
   	  	9 	  
SECTION 3.03. 	  	
 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
   	  	10 	  
SECTION 3.04. 	  	
 Books and Records
   	  	10 	  
ARTICLE IV 	  
Term 	  
SECTION 4.01. 	  	
 Commencement
   	  	10 	  
SECTION 4.02. 	  	
 Service Extension
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 4.03. 	  	
 Termination
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 4.04. 	  	
 Return of Books, Records and Files
   	  	12 	  
ARTICLE V 	  
Indemnification; Limitation of Liability 	  
SECTION 5.01. 	  	
 Indemnification
   	  	12 	  
SECTION 5.02. 	  	
 Limitation on Liability
   	  	13 	  
ARTICLE VI 	  
Other Covenants 	  
SECTION 6.01. 	  	
 Attorney-in-Fact
   	  	14 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VII 	  
Miscellaneous 	  
SECTION 7.01. 	  	
 Title to Data
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 7.02. 	  	
 Force Majeure
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 7.03. 	  	
 Separation Agreement
   	  	15 	  
SECTION 7.04. 	  	
 Relationship of Parties
   	  	15 	  
SECTION 7.05. 	  	
 Confidentiality
   	  	15 	  
SECTION 7.06. 	  	
 Counterparts; Entire Agreement
   	  	15 	  
SECTION 7.07. 	  	
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction
   	  	16 	  
SECTION 7.08. 	  	
 Assignability
   	  	16 	  
SECTION 7.09. 	  	
 Third-Party Beneficiaries
   	  	16 	  
SECTION 7.10. 	  	
 Notices
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 7.11. 	  	
 Severability
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 7.12. 	  	
 Headings
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 7.13. 	  	
 Waivers of Default
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 7.14. 	  	
 Amendments
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 7.15. 	  	
 Interpretation
   	  	17 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of December 30, 
2016, by and between XEROX CORPORATION, a New York corporation (Xerox), 
and CONDUENT INCORPORATED, a New York corporation (Conduent).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, in connection with the contemplated Spin-Off of Conduent and 
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Xerox and Conduent are 
entering into a Separation and Distribution Agreement (the Separation 
Agreement);

WHEREAS, each of Xerox and Conduent may provide to the other certain 
services, as more particularly described in this Agreement, for a limited 
period of time following the Spin-Off; and

WHEREAS, each of Xerox and Conduent desires to reflect the terms of their 
agreement with respect to such services.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are acknowledged by this Agreement, Xerox and 
Conduent, for themselves, their successors and assigns, agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
have the following meanings:

Additional Services has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.02(a).

Affiliate has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Affected Party has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.02.

Agreement has the meaning ascribed thereto in the preamble.

Ancillary Agreements has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Applicable Termination Date means, with respect to each Service, the date 
that is 12 months from the Distribution Date, or such earlier termination 
date specified with respect to such Service, as applicable, in Schedule A 
or Schedule B, as applicable.

BPO Business means the BPO Business as defined in the Separation 
Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Conduent has the meaning ascribed thereto in the preamble.

Conduent Group has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Conduent Indemnitees has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Consents has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Cost of Services means, with respect to each Service, the amount 
specified with respect to such Service in Schedule A or Schedule B, as 
applicable, to be paid by a Service Recipient in respect of such Service to 
the Service Provider of such Service.

Designated Work Product means the work product resulting from the 
provision of Services hereunder for the Service Recipients exclusive use 
listed or described on Schedule C.

Dispute has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.01(c).

Dispute Notice has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.01(c).

Distribution has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Distribution Date has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Force Majeure Event has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.02.

Governmental Authority has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Group means either the Xerox Group or the Conduent Group, as the context 
requires.

Indemnitee means a Xerox Indemnitee or a Conduent Indemnitee, as the 
context requires.

Information has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Insurance Proceeds has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Law has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Omitted Services has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.02(a).

Party means either party hereto, and Parties means both parties hereto.

Performing Party has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.02.

Person has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Separation Agreement has the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals.

Service Extension has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.02.

Service Manager has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.01(c).

Service Provider means any member of the Conduent Group or the Xerox 
Group, as applicable, in its capacity as the provider of any Services to 
any member of the Xerox Group or the Conduent Group, respectively.

Service Recipient means any member of the Conduent Group or the Xerox 
Group, as applicable, in its capacity as the recipient of any Services from 
any member of the Xerox Group or the Conduent Group, respectively.

Services means the individual services identified in Schedule A or 
Schedule B, as applicable.

Spin-Off has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Sub-Contractor has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.01(e).

Subsidiary has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

Taxes has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.01(b).

Third-Party Claim has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Xerox has the meaning ascribed thereto in the preamble.

Xerox Business has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

Xerox Group has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xerox Indemnitees has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.


ARTICLE II

Services

SECTION 2.01. Provision of Services. (a) Commencing immediately after the 
Distribution, Xerox shall, and shall cause the applicable members of the 
Xerox Group to, (i) provide to Conduent and the applicable members of the 
Conduent Group the Services set forth in Schedule A and (ii) pay, perform, 
discharge and satisfy, as and when due, its and their respective 
obligations as Service Recipients under this Agreement, in each case in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(b) Commencing immediately after the Distribution, Conduent shall, and 
shall cause the applicable members of the Conduent Group to, (i) provide to 
Xerox and the applicable members of the Xerox Group the Services set forth 
in Schedule B and (ii) pay, perform, discharge and satisfy, as and when 
due, its and their respective obligations as Service Recipients under this 
Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c) Each Service Recipient and its respective Service Provider shall 
cooperate in good faith with each other in connection with the performance 
of the Services hereunder. Each of Xerox and Conduent agrees to appoint an 
employee representative (each such representative, a Service Manager) who 
will have overall responsibility for implementing, managing and 
coordinating the Services pursuant to this Agreement on behalf of Xerox and 
Conduent, respectively. Initially, the Service Managers will be the 
individuals set forth on Schedule D. Either Party may change its designated 
Service Manager at any time upon notice given to the other Party in 
accordance with Section 7.10. The Service Managers will consult and 
coordinate with each other on a regular basis, and no less frequently than 
monthly, during the term of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in 
this Agreement, the Parties shall resolve all disputes arising under or in 
connection with this Agreement (each, a Dispute) in accordance with the 
following procedures (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dispute 
relating to payments with respect to the Services). All Disputes will be 
first considered in person, by teleconference or by video conference by the 
Service Managers within five business days after receipt of notice from 
either Party specifying the nature of the Dispute (a Dispute Notice). If 
any Dispute is not resolved by the Service Managers within 10 business days 
after receipt of a Dispute Notice, then, upon the written request of either 
Party, each Party shall designate a representative who does not spend a 
substantial portion of his or her time on activities relating to this 
Agreement to meet in person, by teleconference or by video conference with 
the other Partys designated representative for the purpose of resolving 
the Dispute. The designated representatives shall negotiate in good faith 
to resolve the Dispute. If they do not resolve the Dispute within 10 
business days after the date the Dispute was referred to them, the Parties 
may pursue any other rights, remedies or actions that may be available to 
them under this Agreement or at Law.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) The Service Provider shall determine the personnel who shall perform 
the Services to be provided by it. All personnel providing Services will 
remain at all times, and be deemed to be, employees or representatives 
solely of the Service Provider responsible to provide such Services (or its 
Affiliates or Sub-Contractors) for all purposes, and not to be employees or 
representatives of the Service Recipient. The Service Provider (or its 
Affiliates or Sub-Contractors) will be solely responsible for payment of 
(i) all compensation, (ii) all income, disability, withholding and other 
employment taxes and (iii) all medical benefit premiums, vacation pay, sick 
pay and other employee benefits payable to or with respect to personnel who 
perform Services on behalf of such Service Provider. All such personnel 
will be under the sole direction, control and supervision of the Service 
Provider and the Service Provider has the sole right to exercise all 
authority with respect to the employment, substitution, termination, 
assignment and compensation of such personnel.

(e) The Service Provider may, at its option, from time to time, delegate 
any or all of its obligations to perform Services under this Agreement to 
any one or more of its Affiliates or engage the services of other 
professionals, consultants or other third parties (each, a Sub-Contractor
) in connection with the performance of the Services; provided, however, 
that (i) the Service Provider shall remain ultimately responsible for 
ensuring that its obligations with respect to the nature, scope, quality 
and other aspects of the Services are satisfied with respect to any 
Services provided by any such Affiliate or Sub-Contractor and shall be 
liable for any failure of a Sub-Contractor to so satisfy such obligations 
(or otherwise breaches any provision hereof) and (ii) such Sub-Contractor 
agrees in writing to be bound by confidentiality provisions at least as 
restrictive to it as the terms of Section 7.05 of this Agreement. Except as 
agreed by the Parties in Schedule A or Schedule B or otherwise in writing, 
any costs associated with engaging the services of an Affiliate of the 
Service Provider or a Sub-Contractor shall not affect the Cost of Services 
payable by the Service Recipient under this Agreement, and the Service 
Provider shall remain solely responsible with respect to payment for such 
Affiliates or Sub-Contractors costs, fees and expenses.

(f) The Services shall be performed in substantially the same manner, 
scope, time frame, nature and quality, with the same care, and to the same 
extent and service level as such Services (or substantially similar 
services) were provided to the BPO Business or the Xerox Business, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the Distribution Date, unless the Services 
are being provided by a Sub-Contractor who is also providing the same 
services to the Service Provider or a member of such Service Providers 
Group, in which case the Services shall be performed for the Service 
Recipient in the same manner, scope, time frame, nature and quality, with 
the same care, and to the same extent and service level as they are being 
performed for the Service Provider or such member of such Service 
Providers Group, as applicable. If the Service Provider has not provided 
such Services (or substantially similar services) immediately prior to the 
Distribution Date, then the Services shall be performed in a competent and 
professional manner consistent with industry standards. The Services shall 
be used solely for the operation of the BPO Business or the Xerox Business, 
as applicable, for substantially the same purpose as used by the applicable 
Service Recipient on the date of this Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) The Parties acknowledge that the Service Provider may make changes from 
time to time in the manner of performing Services if the Service Provider 
is making similar changes in performing the same or substantially similar 
Services for itself or other members of its Group; provided, however, that, 
unless expressly contemplated in Schedule A or Schedule B, such changes 
shall not affect the Cost of Services for such Service payable by the 
Service Recipient under this Agreement or decrease the manner, scope, time 
frame, nature, quality or level of the Services provided to the Service 
Recipient, except upon prior written approval of the Service Recipient. 
Service Recipients shall cooperate with the Service Providers to the extent 
necessary or appropriate to facilitate the performance of the Services in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, (i) each Party shall make available on a 
timely basis to the other Party all information and materials requested by 
such Party to the extent reasonably necessary for the performance or 
receipt of the Services, (ii) each Party shall, and shall cause the members 
of its Group to, upon reasonable notice, give or cause to be given to the 
other Party and its Affiliates and Sub-Contractors reasonable access, 
during regular business hours and at such other times as are reasonably 
required, to the relevant premises and personnel to the extent reasonably 
necessary for the performance or receipt of the Services and (iii) each 
Party shall, and shall cause the members of its Group to, give the other 
Party and its Affiliates and Sub-Contractors reasonable access to, and all 
necessary rights to utilize, such Partys, and its Groups, information, 
facilities, personnel, assets, systems and technologies to the extent 
reasonably necessary for the performance or receipt of the Services. Each 
Party shall (and shall cause the members of its Group and its personnel and 
the personnel of its Affiliates and Sub-Contractors providing or receiving 
Services to): (A) not attempt to obtain access to, use or interfere with 
any information technology systems of the other Party or any member of its 
Group, or any confidential or competitively sensitive information owned, 
used or processed by the other Party, except to the extent reasonably 
necessary to do so to provide or receive Services; (B) maintain reasonable 
security measures to protect the systems of the other Party and the members 
of its Group to which it has access pursuant to this Agreement from access 
by unauthorized third parties; (C) not disable, damage or erase or disrupt 
or impair the normal operation of the information technology systems of the 
other Party or any member of its Group; (D) Service Provider shall 
immediately notify Service Recipient of any confirmed misuse, disclosure or 
loss of, or inability to account for, any confidential or competitively 
sensitive information, and any confirmed unauthorized access to Service 
Providers facilities, systems or network; and Service Provider will 
investigate such confirmed security incidents and reasonably cooperate with 
Service Recipients incident response team, supplying logs and other 
necessary information to mitigate and limit the damages resulting from such 
a security incident, provided that the Service Recipient agrees to 
reimburse Service Provider for time spent and actual travel expenses 
incurred in connection with any such investigation; and (E) subject to 
applicable Law, the Service Provider shall use reasonable efforts to comply 
with any commercially reasonable requests to assist Service Recipient with 
its electronic discovery obligations related to Services provided to the 
Service Recipient, provided that the Service Recipient agrees to reimburse 
Service Provider for time spent and actual travel expenses incurred for 
such response.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require the provision of 
any Service by any Service Provider (or any Affiliate or Sub-Contractor of 
a Service Provider) to any Service Recipient if the provision of such 
Service requires the Consent of any Person (including any Governmental 
Authority), whether under applicable Law, by the terms of any contract to 
which such Service Provider or any other member of its Group is a party or 
otherwise, unless and until, subject to the third-to-last sentence of this 
Section 2.01(h), such Consent has been obtained. The Service Provider shall 
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain as promptly as possible any 
Consent of any Person that may be necessary for the performance of the 
Service Providers obligations pursuant to this Agreement. Any fees, 
expenses or extra costs incurred in connection with obtaining any such 
Consents shall be paid by the Service Recipient, and the Service Recipient 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide assistance as 
necessary in obtaining such Consents. In the event that the Consent of any 
Person, if required in order for the Service Provider to provide Services, 
is not obtained reasonably promptly after the Distribution, the Service 
Provider shall notify the Service Recipient and the Parties shall cooperate 
in devising an alternative manner for the provision of the Services 
affected by such failure to obtain such Consent and the Cost of Services 
associated therewith, such alternative manner and Cost of Services to be 
reasonably satisfactory to both Parties and agreed to in writing. If the 
Parties elect such an alternative plan, the Service Provider shall provide 
the Services in such alternative manner and the Service Recipient shall pay 
for such Services based on the alternative Cost of Services. The Services 
shall not include, and no Service Provider (or any Affiliate or 
Sub-Contractor of a Service Provider) shall be obligated to provide, any 
service the provision of which to a Service Recipient following the 
Distribution would constitute a violation of any Law. In addition, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Service Provider (and 
the Affiliates and Sub-Contractors of the Service Provider) will not be 
required to perform or to cause to be performed any of the Services for the 
benefit of any third party or any other Person other than the applicable 
Service Recipient.

(i) Each Party, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to 
the other Party and to its Affiliates and Sub-Contractors providing 
Services under this Agreement a nonexclusive, nontransferable, world-wide, 
royalty-free, sublicensable license, for the term of this Agreement, to use 
the intellectual property owned by such Party and the members of its Group 
solely to the extent necessary for the other Party and the members of its 
Group to perform their obligations hereunder. Subject to the terms of the 
Separation Agreement, each Service Provider acknowledges and agrees that it 
will acquire no right, title or interest (including any license rights or 
rights of use) to the Designated Work Product and such Designated Work 
Product shall remain the exclusive property of the Service Recipient. To 
the extent title to any Designated Work Product vests in the Service 
Provider by operation of Law, each Party hereby assigns (and shall cause 
any such other Service Provider, and any Affiliate or Sub-Contractor of 
such Service Provider, to assign) to the relevant Service Recipient all 
right, title and interest in and to such Designated Work Product, and the 
Service Provider shall (and shall cause any Affiliate or Sub-Contractor of 
such Service Provider to) provide such assistance and execute such 
documents as the Service Recipient may reasonably request to assign to the 
relevant Service Recipient all right, title and interest in and to such 
work product. Each Service Recipient acknowledges and agrees that it will 
acquire no right, title or interest
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(other than a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free worldwide right of 
use) to any work product resulting from the provision of Services hereunder 
that is not for the Service Recipients exclusive use and such work product 
shall remain the exclusive property of the Service Provider.

(j) The Parties acknowledge that it may be necessary for each of them to 
make proprietary and/or third party software available to the other in the 
course and for the purpose of performing Services. Each Party (a) shall 
comply with the license restrictions applicable to any and all proprietary 
or third party software made available to such Party by the other Party in 
the course of the provision of Services hereunder, (b) acknowledges receipt 
of the license terms of use applicable to all proprietary or third party 
software in its possession as of the Distribution Date, and (c) agrees that 
it shall be responsible for providing to the other Party a copy of the 
applicable license terms (or, solely with respect to open source software 
or other software with publicly available license terms, information 
sufficient to direct such other Party to a copy thereof) for any and all 
proprietary or third party software first made available to such other 
Party after the Distribution Date, solely to the extent such provision 
would not violate the providing Partys duty of confidentiality owed to any 
third party.

(k) Subject to Section 2.02, the Parties agree that the Services set forth 
in Schedule A and Schedule B constitute all of the Services to be provided 
by members of the Xerox Group and members of the Conduent Group, 
respectively, as of the Distribution Date.

SECTION 2.02. Service Amendments and Additions. (a) From time to time 
during the term, each of Xerox and Conduent may request the other Party to 
provide services that (i) were provided by the Xerox Business or the BPO 
Business, as applicable, within the 12 months prior to the Distribution 
Date and (ii) are reasonably necessary for the operation of the Xerox 
Business or the BPO Business, as applicable, as conducted as of the 
Distribution Date (Omitted Services). In the event that a Party desires 
to have the other Party provide Omitted Services or additional services 
that are not Omitted Services (Additional Services), such other Party, in 
its discretion, may agree to provide such Omitted Services or Additional 
Services. Any request for an Omitted Service or Additional Service shall be 
in writing and shall specify, as applicable (A) the type and the scope of 
the requested service, (B) who shall perform the requested service, (C) 
where and to whom the requested service is to be provided and (D) the 
proposed term for the requested service.

(b) If a Party agrees to provide Omitted Services or Additional Services 
pursuant to Section 2.02(a), then the Parties shall in good faith negotiate 
an amendment to Schedule A or Schedule B, as applicable, which will 
describe in detail the service, project scope, term, price and payment 
terms to be charged for such Omitted or Additional Services. Once agreed to 
in writing, the amendment to Schedule A or Schedule B, as applicable, shall 
be deemed part of this Agreement as of such date and the Omitted Services 
or Additional Services, as applicable, shall be deemed Services, provided 
hereunder, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.03. No Management Authority. No Service Provider (or any 
Affiliate or Sub-Contractor of a Service Provider) shall be authorized by, 
or shall have any responsibility under, this Agreement to manage the 
affairs of the business of any Service Recipient.


ARTICLE III

Compensation

SECTION 3.01. Compensation for Services. (a) As compensation for each 
Service rendered pursuant to this Agreement, the Service Recipient shall be 
required to pay to the Service Provider the Cost of Services specified for 
such Service in Schedule A or Schedule B, as applicable.

(b) During the term of this Agreement, the amount of a Cost of Service for 
a Service may increase to the extent of any increase in the applicable Cost 
of Services during a Service Extension, in accordance with Section 4.02.

(c) The amount of any actual and documented sales tax, value-added tax, 
goods and services tax or similar tax that is required to be assessed and 
remitted by the Service Provider in connection with the Services provided 
hereunder (Taxes) will be promptly paid to the Service Provider by the 
Service Recipient in accordance with Section 3.02. Such payment shall be in 
addition to the Cost of Services set forth in Schedule A or Schedule B, as 
applicable (unless such Tax is expressly already accounted for in the 
applicable Cost of Services).

(d) Either Party shall have the right to withhold or deduct from any 
payments made under this Agreement as required by applicable Law. For all 
purposes of this Agreement, any such deducted or withheld amounts shall be 
treated as paid to the other Party for purposes of this Agreement. The 
Party making such deduction or withholding shall promptly provide to the 
other Party tax receipts or other documents evidencing the payment of any 
such deducted or withheld amount to the applicable Governmental Authority.

SECTION 3.02. Payment Terms. (a) The Service Provider shall bill the 
Service Recipient monthly, within 30 business days after the end of each 
month, or at such other interval specified with respect to a particular 
Service in Schedule A or Schedule B, as applicable, an amount equal to the 
aggregate Cost of Services due for all Services provided in such month or 
other specified interval, as applicable, plus any Taxes. Invoices shall be 
directed to the Service Manager appointed by Xerox or Conduent, as 
applicable, or to such other Person designated in writing from time to time 
by such Service Manager. The Service Recipient shall pay such amount in 
full within 60 days after receipt of each invoice by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds to the account designated by the Service 
Provider for this purpose. If the 60th day falls on a weekend or a holiday, 
the Service Recipient shall pay such amount on or before the following 
business day. Each invoice shall set forth in reasonable detail the 
calculation of the charges and amounts and applicable Taxes, for each 
Service during the month or
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other specified interval to which such invoice relates. In addition to any 
other remedies for non-payment, if any payment is not received by the 
Service Provider on or before the date such amount is due, then a late 
payment interest charge, calculated at 2.0% per annum rate, shall 
immediately begin to accrue and any such late payment interest charges 
shall become immediately due and payable in addition to the amount 
otherwise owed under this Agreement. The Parties shall cooperate to achieve 
an invoicing structure that minimizes taxes for both Parties, including by 
implementing a local to local invoicing structure where applicable.

(b) Any objection to the amount of any invoice shall be deemed to be a 
Dispute hereunder subject to the provisions applicable to Disputes set 
forth in Section 2.01(c).

SECTION 3.03. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE COVENANTS 
RELATING TO THE PROVISION OF SERVICES SET FORTH IN SECTION 2.01(f), THE 
SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE FURNISHED WITHOUT 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO 
MEMBER OF THE XEROX GROUP OR OF THE CONDUENT GROUP, AS SERVICE PROVIDER, 
MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT ANY SERVICE COMPLIES WITH ANY 
LAW, DOMESTIC OR FOREIGN.

SECTION 3.04. Books and Records. Xerox and Conduent shall each, and shall 
each cause the members of their Group to, maintain complete and accurate 
books of account as necessary to support calculations of the Cost of 
Services for Services rendered by it or the other members of its Group as 
Service Providers and shall make such books available to the other, upon 
reasonable notice, during normal business hours; provided, however, that to 
the extent Xeroxs or Conduents books, or the books of the members of 
their Group, contain Information relating to any other aspect of the Xerox 
Business or the BPO Business, as applicable, Xerox and Conduent shall 
negotiate a procedure to provide the other Party with necessary access 
while preserving the confidentiality of such other records.


ARTICLE IV

Term

SECTION 4.01. Commencement. This Agreement is effective as of the date 
hereof and shall remain in effect with respect to a particular Service 
until the occurrence of the Applicable Termination Date applicable to such 
Service (or, subject to the terms of Section 4.02, the expiration of any 
Service Extension applicable to such Service), unless earlier terminated 
(i) in its entirety or with respect to a particular Service, in each case 
in accordance with Section 4.03, or (ii) by mutual consent of the Parties. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the 
Separation Agreement shall be terminated in accordance with its terms, this 
Agreement shall be automatically terminated and void ab initio with no 
further action by the Parties and shall be of no force and effect.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.02. Service Extension. If the Service Recipient reasonably 
determines that it will require a Service to continue beyond the Applicable 
Termination Date or the end of a subsequent extension period, the Service 
Recipient may request the Service Provider to extend the term of such 
Service for the desired renewal period(s) (each, a Service Extension) by 
written notice to the Service Provider no less than 45 days prior to end of 
the then-current Service term. The Service Provider shall respond to any 
such request for a Service Extension within 15 days of receipt and shall 
use reasonable best efforts to comply with such Service Extension request; 
provided, however, that (i) the Service Extensions with respect to each 
Service shall not extend the term of such Service more than 12 months 
beyond the Applicable Termination Date applicable to such Service, (ii) the 
Service Provider will not be in breach of its obligations under this 
Section 4.02 if it is unable to comply with a Service Extension request 
through the use of reasonable best efforts such as where a Consent that is 
required in order for the Service Provider to continue to provide the 
applicable Service during the requested Service Extension cannot be 
obtained by the Service Provider through the use of reasonable best 
efforts, (iii) the Service Provider shall not be required to contribute 
capital, pay or grant any consideration or concession in any form 
(including providing any letter of credit, guaranty or other financial 
accommodation) to any Person in order to obtain or make any Consent that is 
required in order for the Service Provider to continue to provide the 
applicable Service during the requested Service Extension (other than 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, attorneys fees and recording or similar 
fees, all of which shall be reimbursed by the Service Recipient, as 
promptly as reasonably practicable), and (iv) each Service Extension is 
permissible under applicable Law. With respect to Schedule A or Schedule B, 
as applicable, the the Cost of Services specified for such Service in 
Schedule A or Schedule B, as applicable, shall be amended to include an 
incremental surcharge of 10% for each Service Extension. The Parties shall 
amend the terms of Schedule A or Schedule B, as applicable, to reflect the 
new Service term and Cost of Services, within 5 days following the Service 
Providers agreement to a Service Extension, subject to the conditions set 
forth in this Section 4.02. Each such amended Schedule A or Schedule B, as 
applicable, as agreed to in writing by the Parties, shall be deemed part of 
this Agreement as of the date of such agreement. Additionally, if the 
Service Provider deems that an extension of a Service requires any other 
Service to be extended due to their related nature, the Service Provider 
will provide notice to the Service Recipient that it must request in 
writing an extension of that affected Service before it accepts the 
extension request.

SECTION 4.03. Termination. (a) If a Service Provider or Service Recipient 
materially breaches any of its respective obligations under this Agreement 
(and the period for resolution of the Dispute relating to such breach set 
forth in Section 2.01(c) has expired), the non-breaching Service Recipient 
or Service Provider, as applicable, may terminate this Agreement with 
respect to the Service to which such obligations apply, effective upon not 
less than 30 days written notice of termination to the breaching Party, if 
the breaching Party does not cure such default within 30 days after 
receiving written notice thereof from the non-breaching Party. The 
termination of this Agreement with respect to any Service pursuant to this 
Section 4.03 shall not affect the Parties rights or obligations under this 
Agreement with respect to any other Service.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or Schedule A or 
Schedule B, upon not less than 60 days prior written notice a Service 
Recipient shall be entitled to terminate one or more Services being 
provided by any Service Provider for any reason or no reason at all.

(c) In the event of any termination of this Agreement in its entirety or 
with respect to any Service, each Party, Service Provider and Service 
Recipient shall remain liable for all of their respective obligations that 
accrued hereunder prior to the date of such termination, including all 
obligations of each Service Recipient to pay any amounts due to any Service 
Provider hereunder.

SECTION 4.04. Return of Books, Records and Files. Upon the request of the 
Service Recipient after the termination of a Service with respect to which 
the Service Provider holds books, records or files, including current and 
archived copies of computer files, (i) owned solely by the Service 
Recipient or its Affiliates and used by the Service Provider in connection 
with the provision of a Service pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) created 
by the Service Provider and in the Service Providers possession as a 
function of and relating solely to the provision of Services pursuant to 
this Agreement, such books, records and files shall either be returned to 
the Service Recipient or destroyed by the Service Provider, with 
certification of such destruction provided to the Service Recipient, other 
than, in each case, such books, records and files electronically preserved 
or recorded within any computerized data storage device or component 
(including any hard-drive or database) pursuant to automatic or routine 
backup procedures generally accessible only by legal, IT or compliance 
personnel, which such books, records and files will not be used by the 
Service Provider for any other purpose. The Service Recipient shall bear 
the Service Providers reasonable, necessary and actual out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses associated with the return or destruction of such books, 
records or files. At its expense, the Service Provider may make one copy of 
such books, records or files for its legal files.


ARTICLE V

Indemnification; Limitation of Liability

SECTION 5.01. Indemnification. (a) Conduent in its capacity as a Service 
Recipient and on behalf of each member of its Group in its capacity as a 
Service Recipient, shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Xerox and the 
other Xerox Indemnitees from and against any and all Liabilities incurred 
by such Xerox Indemnitee and arising out of, in connection with or by 
reason of this Agreement or any Services provided by any member of the 
Xerox Group hereunder, except to the extent such Liabilities arise out of a 
Xerox Group members (i) breach of this Agreement, (ii) violation of Laws 
in providing the Services, (iii) violation of third-party rights (including 
such third-party rights embodied in patents, trademarks, copyrights and 
trade secrets) in providing the Services or (iv) gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct in providing the Services.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Xerox in its capacity as a Service Recipient and on behalf of each 
member of its Group in its capacity as a Service Recipient, shall 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Conduent and the other Conduent 
Indemnitees from and against any and all Liabilities incurred by such 
Conduent Indemnitee and arising out of, in connection with or by reason of 
this Agreement or any Services provided by any member of the Conduent Group 
hereunder, except to the extent such Liabilities arise out of a Conduent 
Group members (i) breach of this Agreement, (ii) violation of Laws in 
providing the Services, (iii) violation of third-party rights (including 
such third-party rights embodied in patents, trademarks, copyrights and 
trade secrets) in providing the Services or (iv) gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct in providing the Services.

SECTION 5.02. Limitation on Liability. (a) No Service Provider, in its 
capacity as such, nor any member of its Group acting in the capacity of a 
Service Provider, nor any Indemnitee thereof, shall be liable (whether such 
liability is direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the 
other Party (or any of such other Partys Indemnitees) for any Liabilities 
arising out of, related to or in connection with the Services or this 
Agreement, except to the extent that such Liabilities arise out of such 
Service Providers (or a member of its Groups) (i) breach of this 
Agreement, (ii) violation of Laws in providing the Services, (iii) 
violation of third-party rights (including such third-party rights embodied 
in patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets) in providing the 
Services or (iv) gross negligence or wilful misconduct in providing the 
Services; provided that nothing in this Section 5.02(a) shall be deemed to 
limit a Service Recipients rights under Section 5.02(d) regarding 
Insurance Proceeds in respect of Third-Party Claims.

(b) IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY SERVICE PROVIDER, IN ITS CAPACITY AS SUCH, NOR 
ANY MEMBER OF ITS GROUP ACTING IN THE CAPACITY OF A SERVICE PROVIDER, NOR 
ANY INDEMNITEE THEREOF, BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHERWISE TO THE SERVICE RECIPIENT (OR 
ANY OF ITS INDEMNITEES) FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS) AS A RESULT OF ANY BREACH, 
PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE BY SUCH SERVICE PROVIDER UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT, EXCEPT AS MAY BE PAYABLE TO A CLAIMANT IN A THIRD-PARTY CLAIM.

(c) EACH GROUPS TOTAL LIABILITY, IN ITS CAPACITY AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, TO 
THE OTHER GROUP ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY CLAIM SHALL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE 
AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO IT FOR SERVICES UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT, NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN THE 
CASE OF ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF A THIRD-PARTY 
CLAIM, EACH GROUPS TOTAL LIABILITY IN ITS CAPACITY AS A
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SERVICE PROVIDER TO THE OTHER GROUP SHALL BE INCREASED BY AN AMOUNT EQUAL 
TO THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, OF ANY INSURANCE PROCEEDS THAT ARE ACTUALLY RECEIVED 
BY SUCH SERVICE PROVIDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5.02(d).

(d) If a Service Provider, in its capacity as such, or any member of its 
Group acting in the capacity of a Service Provider, or any Indemnitee 
thereof, shall be liable to the other Party for any Liability arising out 
of a Third-Party Claim, such Service Provider, at the request of the 
Indemnitee, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue and recover 
any available Insurance Proceeds under applicable insurance policies. 
Promptly upon the actual receipt of any such Insurance Proceeds, such 
Service Provider shall pay such Insurance Proceeds to the applicable 
Indemnitee to the extent of the Liability arising out of the applicable 
Third-Party Claim. The Indemnitee shall, upon the request of such Service 
Provider and to the extent permitted under such Service Providers 
applicable insurance policies, promptly pay directly to such Service 
Provider or to such Service Providers insurer any reasonable costs or 
expenses incurred in the collection of such Indemnitees portion of such 
Insurance Proceeds (including such Indemnitees portion of applicable 
retentions or deductibles); provided, however, that in no event shall an 
Indemnitees portion of such collection costs and expenses, applicable 
retentions and deductibles exceed the amount of Insurance Proceeds actually 
received by such Indemnitee.

(e) The provisions of this Article V shall survive indefinitely, 
notwithstanding any termination of all or any portion of this Agreement.


ARTICLE VI

Other Covenants

SECTION 6.01. Attorney-in-Fact. On a case-by-case basis, the Service 
Recipient shall execute documents necessary to appoint the Service Provider 
as its attorney-in-fact for the sole purpose of executing any and all 
documents and instruments reasonably required to be executed in connection 
with the performance by the Service Provider of any Service under this 
Agreement.


ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

SECTION 7.01. Title to Data. Each of Conduent and Xerox acknowledges that 
it will acquire no right, title or interest (including any license rights 
or rights of use) in any firmware or software, or the licenses therefor 
that are owned by the other Party or its Affiliates, Subsidiaries or 
divisions, by reason of the provision of the Services hereunder, except as 
expressly provided in Section 2.01(i) and Section 4.04.

SECTION 7.02. Force Majeure. In case performance of any terms or provisions 
hereof shall be delayed or prevented, in whole or in part, because of or 
related
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to compliance with any Law or requirement of any national securities 
exchange, or because of riot, war, public disturbance, strike, labor 
dispute, fire, explosion, storm, flood, act of God or act of terrorism that 
is not within the control of the Party, Service Provider or Service 
Recipient whose performance is interfered with (each, a Performing Party
) and which by the exercise of reasonable diligence such Performing Party 
is unable to prevent, or for any other reason which is not within the 
control of such Performing Party whose performance is interfered with and 
which by the exercise of reasonable diligence such Performing Party is 
unable to prevent (each, a Force Majeure Event), then upon prompt written 
notice stating the date and extent of such interference and the cause 
thereof by the Performing Party to the other Party, Service Recipient or 
Service Provider (each, an Affected Party), as applicable, the Performing 
Party shall be excused from its obligations hereunder during the period 
such Force Majeure Event or its effects continue, and no liability shall 
attach against either the Performing Party or the Affected Party on account 
thereof; provided, however, that the Performing Party promptly resumes the 
required performance upon the cessation of the Force Majeure Event or its 
effects. No Performing Party shall be excused from performance if such 
Performing Party fails to use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the 
situation and remove the cause and effects of the Force Majeure Event.

SECTION 7.03. Separation Agreement. The Parties agree that, in the event of 
a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Separation Agreement 
with respect to the subject matter hereof, the terms of this Agreement 
shall govern.

SECTION 7.04. Relationship of Parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall be 
deemed or construed by the Parties or any third party as creating a 
relationship of principal and agent, partnership or joint venture between 
the Parties, between Service Providers and Service Recipients or with any 
individual providing Services, it being understood and agreed that no 
provision contained herein, and no act of any Party or members of their 
respective Groups, shall be deemed to create any relationship between the 
Parties or members of their respective Groups other than the relationship 
set forth herein. Each Party and each Service Provider shall act under this 
Agreement solely as an independent contractor and not as an agent or 
employee of any other Party or any of such Partys Affiliates.

SECTION 7.05. Confidentiality. Each Party hereby acknowledges that 
confidential Information of such Party or members of its Group may be 
exposed to employees and agents of the other Party or its Group as a result 
of the activities contemplated by this Agreement. Each Party agrees, on 
behalf of itself and its Affiliates, that such Partys obligation (and the 
obligation of members of its Group) to use and keep confidential such 
Information of the other Party or its Group shall be governed by Sections 
7.01(c) and 7.09 of the Separation Agreement.

SECTION 7.06. Counterparts; Entire Agreement. (a) This Agreement may be 
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be 
considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one 
or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the 
other Party. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile or PDF signature 
and scanned and exchanged by electronic mail, and such facsimile or PDF 
signature or scanned and exchanged copies shall constitute an original for 
all purposes.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) This Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the other Ancillary 
Agreements and the Exhibits and Schedules hereto and thereto contain the 
entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersede all previous agreements, negotiations, discussions, 
writings, understandings, commitments and conversations with respect to 
such subject matter, and there are no agreements or understandings between 
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those set 
forth or referred to herein or therein.

SECTION 7.07. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, 
regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable 
principles of conflicts of Laws thereof. Each Party irrevocably consents to 
the exclusive jurisdiction, forum and venue of the Commercial Division of 
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County and the United 
States District Court for the Southern District of New York over any and 
all claims, disputes, controversies or disagreements between the Parties or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors and assigns 
under or related to this Agreement or any document executed pursuant to 
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

SECTION 7.08. Assignability. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, 
interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole 
or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by either Party without the 
prior written consent of the other Party. Any purported assignment without 
such consent shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentences, this 
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable 
by, the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign this Agreement 
without consent in connection with (a) a merger transaction in which such 
Party is not the surviving entity and the surviving entity acquires or 
assumes all or substantially all of such Partys assets or (b) the sale of 
all or substantially all of such Partys assets; provided, however, that 
the assignee expressly assumes in writing all of the obligations of the 
assigning Party under this Agreement, and the assigning Party provides 
written notice and evidence of such assignment and assumption to the 
non-assigning Party. Nothing in this Section 7.08 shall affect or impair a 
Service Providers ability to delegate any or all of its obligations under 
this Agreement to one or more Affiliates or Sub-Contractors pursuant to 
Section 2.01(e).

SECTION 7.09. Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except for the indemnification 
rights under this Agreement of any Xerox Indemnitee or Conduent Indemnitee 
in their respective capacities as such, (a) the provisions of this 
Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Parties hereto and are not 
intended to confer upon any Person except the Parties hereto any rights or 
remedies hereunder and (b) there are no third-party beneficiaries of this 
Agreement and this Agreement shall not provide any third person with any 
remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right in 
excess of those existing without reference to this Agreement.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 7.10. Notices. All notices or other communications under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be provided in the manner set forth 
in the Separation Agreement.

SECTION 7.11. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to 
Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which 
it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so 
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated 
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. 
Upon any such determination, any such provision, to the extent determined 
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, shall be deemed replaced by a 
provision that such court determines is valid and enforceable and that 
comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, void or 
unenforceable provision.

SECTION 7.12. Headings. The article, section and paragraph headings 
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.13. Waivers of Default. No failure or delay of any Party (or the 
applicable member of its Group) in exercising any right or remedy under 
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or 
discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of 
conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right or power. Waiver by any Party of any default by the other 
Party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by 
the waiving Party of any subsequent or other default.

SECTION 7.14. Amendments. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed 
waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, 
amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the 
authorized representative of each Party.

SECTION 7.15. Interpretation. The rules of interpretation set forth in 
Section 11.14 of the Separation Agreement are incorporated by reference 
into this Agreement, mutatis mutandis.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first written above.
 
XEROX CORPORATION
By: 	  	/s/  Leslie F. Varon
  	Name:   Leslie F. Varon
  	Title:     Chief Financial Officer
CONDUENT INCORPORATED
By: 	  	/s/  Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Name:   Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Title:     Chief Financial Officer