 EX-10.1 2 cafd-ex101_6.htm EX-10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
SECOND AMENDMENT AND WAIVER TO RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER AGREEMENT
 
This Second Amendment and Waiver to the Right of First Offer Agreement, 
dated as of February 13, 2017 (this “Waiver Agreement”), is made and 
entered into by and between 8point3 Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (the “Operating Company”), and SunPower 
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Sponsor”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Operating Company and the Sponsor are parties to that certain 
Right of First Offer Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2015 and amended by 
that certain First Amendment and Waiver to Right of First Offer Agreement 
dated September 30, 2016 (the “ROFO Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the ROFO Agreement, and subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth therein, the Sponsor granted to the Operating Company 
an exclusive right of first offer to acquire the ROFO Assets, including the 
100 MW El Pelicano Solar Facility located in Chile (the “Project”);
 
WHEREAS, the Sponsor desires to offer its equity interests in the Project 
and the rights associated therewith to one or more Third Parties (the “
Transferred Rights”) and to negotiate and enter into an agreement for the 
Sale of all or a portion of such Transferred Rights (the “Transaction”);
 
WHEREAS, the Operating Company is not planning to negotiate and/or enter 
into an agreement for the Sale of all or a portion of such Transferred 
Rights;
 
WHEREAS, in order to permit the Sponsor to pursue and consummate the 
Transaction, the Sponsor desires for the Operating Company to waive certain 
provisions of the ROFO Agreement as they apply to the Project and, in 
connection with such waiver, the Sponsor and the Operating Company desire 
to amend Annex A of the ROFO Agreement as set forth below; and
 
WHEREAS, (a) the Conflicts Committee (the “Conflicts Committee”) of the 
Board of Directors (the “Board of Directors”) of 8point3 General Partner, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner (“
General Partner”) of 8point3 Energy Partners LP, a Delaware limited 
partnership (the “Partnership”) and the managing member of the Operating 
Company, has, based on the belief of the members of the Conflicts Committee 
that the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby on the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Waiver Agreement are in the best interests 
of the Partnership Group (as defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement 
of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of June 24, 2015 (the “
Partnership Agreement”)), unanimously approved the transactions 
contemplated hereby and such approval constituted “Special Approval” for 
purposes of the Partnership Agreement, (b) the Conflicts Committee has 
unanimously recommended that the Board of Directors approve the 
transactions

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
contemplated hereby, and (c) subsequently, the Board of Directors has 
approved the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this 
Waiver Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as 
follows:

1.01Definitions.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meanings given to such terms in the ROFO Agreement.

1.02Waiver and Agreement.  The Operating Company hereby:

(a)waives its right of first offer and all of its other rights arising 
under the ROFO Agreement, including Sections 2.1 and 2.2 thereof 
(collectively, the “ROFO Rights”), with respect to the Transferred Rights; 
and

(b)(i) agrees that any negotiations by the Sponsor or its Affiliate with 
any Third Party in respect of the Transaction prior to the date hereof 
shall not have constituted a breach or default under any provision of the 
ROFO Agreement, including Section 2.1 thereof, and (ii) waives and 
discharges the Sponsor and its Representatives from any and all claims 
arising out of the ROFO Agreement in connection with such negotiations.

1.03Amendment.  Annex A of the ROFO Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
 
El Pelicano
Chile
100
 
1.04Limitation.  The foregoing waiver, amendment and modification are 
effective only in the specific instances and for the specific purposes for 
which they are given, and no other provisions of the ROFO Agreement are 
waived, amended or modified in any way other than as provided herein.  
Except as otherwise expressly provided or contemplated by this Waiver 
Agreement, all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the ROFO 
Agreement remain unaltered and in full force and effect and are hereby 
ratified and confirmed.

1.05Representations and Warranties of the Sponsor.  The Sponsor hereby 
represents and warrants to the Operating Company, as of the date hereof, as 
follows:

(a)The Sponsor has been duly formed and is validly existing and in good 
standing as a corporation under the Laws of the State of Delaware with all 
requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease or otherwise hold and 
operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently 
conducted, except where the failure to have such power and authority would 
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a 
material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under 
this Waiver Agreement.

(b)The Sponsor (i) has all requisite corporate power and authority to 
execute and deliver this Waiver Agreement and to perform its obligations 
hereunder, and (ii) has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize 
the execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver Agreement.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c)This Waiver Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered 
by the Sponsor and, assuming this Waiver Agreement has been duly and 
validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Operating Company, 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Sponsor, enforce
able against the Sponsor in accordance with its terms, except as such 
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
transfer, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws relating to or 
affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general and by general 
principles of equity.

(d)The execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver Agreement by the 
Sponsor will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its 
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) constitute, with or without 
notice or the passage of time or both, a material violation, a material 
breach or default, create a material lien, conflict in any material respect 
with, or require any material consent or approval, or give rise to any 
material right of termination, modification, cancellation, prepayment, 
suspension, limitation, revocation, preemption, right of first refusal (or 
similar right to purchase) or acceleration under any material indenture, 
mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, lease, conditional sales 
contract, loan or credit arrangement to which the Sponsor is a party, or 
(iii) contravene, in any material respect, any material law.

(e)The execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver Agreement by the 
Sponsor does not requires any material consent, approval, exemption, 
waiver, clearance, authorization, filing, registration or notification, of 
or to any Governmental Entity or other Person, except as has already been 
obtained, made or waived.

1.06Representations and Warranties of the Operating Company.  The Operating 
Company hereby represents and warrants to the Sponsor, as of the date 
hereof, as follows:

(a)The Operating Company has been duly formed and is validly existing and 
in good standing as a limited liability company under the Laws of the Sta
te of Delaware with all requisite limited liability company power and 
authority to own, lease or otherwise hold and operate its properties and 
assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted, except where 
the failure to have such power and authority would not, individually or in 
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on 
its ability to perform its obligations under this Waiver Agreement.

(b)The Operating Company (i) has all requisite limited liability company 
power and authority to execute and deliver this Waiver Agreement and to 
perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) has taken all necessary limited 
liability company action to authorize the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Waiver Agreement.

(c)This Waiver Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered 
by the Operating Company and, assuming this Waiver Agreement has been duly 
and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Sponsor, constitutes 
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Operating Company, enforceable 
against the Operating Company in accordance with its terms, except as such 
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
transfer, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws relating to or 
affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general and by general 
principles of equity.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(d)The execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver Agreement by the 
Operating Company will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of 
its certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement, (ii) 
constitute, with or without notice or the passage of time or both, a 
material violation, a material breach or default, create a material lien, 
conflict in any material respect with, or require any material consent or 
approval, or give rise to any material right of termination, modification, 
cancellation, prepayment, suspension, limitation, revocation, preemption, 
right of first refusal (or similar right to purchase) or acceleration under 
any material indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, lease, 
conditional sales contract, loan or credit arrangement to which such Person 
is a party, or (iii) contravene, in any material respect, any material Law.

(e)The execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver Agreement by such 
Person does not requires any material consent, approval, exemption, waiver, 
clearance, authorization, filing, registration or notification, of or to 
any Governmental Entity or other Person, except as has already been 
obtained, made or waived.

1.07Facsimile; Counterparts.  Any Party may deliver executed signature 
pages to this Waiver Agreement by facsimile transmission to the other 
Parties, which facsimile copy shall be deemed to be an original executed 
signature page.  This Waiver Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which 
together will constitute a single instrument.

1.08GOVERNING LAW.  THIS WAIVER AGREEMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE GOVERNED 
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, 
WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OR RULES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS, TO THE 
EXTENT SUCH PRINCIPLES OR RULES WOULD PERMIT OR REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF 
THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.  FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, IT IS 
INTENDED THAT 6 DEL. C. § 2708, WHICH PROVIDES FOR ENFORCEMENT OF DELAWARE 
CHOICE OF LAW WHETHER OR NOT THERE ARE OTHER RELATIONSHIPS WITH DELAWARE, 
SHALL APPLY.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Waiver Agreement to 
be executed and delivered in their names by their respective duly 
authorized officers or representatives.


 
SunPower Corporation
 
 
By:
/s/ Charles D. Boynton
 
Name: Charles D. Boynton
 
Title:   Chief Financial Officer


 
8point3 Operating Company, LLC
 
 
By:
8point3 Energy Partners LP,
 
its managing member
By:
8point3 General Partner, LLC,
 
its general partner
 
 
By:
/s/ Max Gardner
 
Name:  Max Gardner
 
Title:    Vice President of Operations


 
 

 