 EX-10.4 10 d201422dex104.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
2013 COMMON STOCK OPTION PLAN
 
I. 	ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN; DEFINITIONS

1. Purpose. The purpose of this Kinex Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2013 Common 
Stock Option Plan is to provide an incentive to key Employees and 
non-Employee Directors of, and Consultants and other independent advisors 
to, Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) or 
any of its Affiliates, who are in a position to contribute materially to 
the long-term success of the Company, to increase their interest in the 
welfare of the Company and its Affiliates and to aid in attracting and 
retaining Employees, Directors and Consultants of outstanding ability.

2. Definitions. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the 
following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Affiliate shall mean any wholly owned subsidiary or any entity in which 
the Company owns at least a 25% equity interest.

Board shall mean the Board of Managers of the Company.

Cause shall mean (i) for a Grantee who is a party to an employment or 
consulting agreement with the Company or an Affiliate which agreement 
provides for a definition of Cause therein, Cause shall have the same 
meaning as provided for in such agreement, or (ii) for a Grantee who is not 
a party to such an agreement, Cause shall mean repeated failure to 
properly perform assigned duties (after written notice of at least one such 
failure had previously been communicated to the Grantee by the Company), 
gross negligence, commission of a felony or any act materially injurious to 
the financial or business prospects or affairs of the Company or an 
Affiliate involving dishonesty or breach of any duty of confidentiality or 
loyalty.

Change of Control shall mean (i) for a Grantee who is a party to an 
employment or consulting agreement with the Company or an Affiliate which 
agreement provides for a definition of Change of Control therein, Change 
of Control shall have the same meaning as provided for in such agreement, 
or (ii) for a Grantee who is not a party to such an agreement, Change of 
Control shall mean the satisfaction of any one or more of the following 
conditions (and the Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred as 
of the first day that any one or more of the following conditions shall 
have been satisfied):

(a) Any person (as such term is used in paragraphs 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of 
the Exchange Act, hereinafter in this definition, Person), other than the 
Company or an Affiliate or an employee benefit plan of the Company or an 
Affiliate, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 
Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company 
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys 
then outstanding securities;

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The Companys members approve a merger, consolidation or other business 
combination (a Business Combination) other than a Business Combination in 
which holders of Common Stock of the Company immediately prior to the 
Business Combination have substantially the same proportionate ownership of 
the equity of the surviving corporation or other business entity 
immediately after the Business Combination as immediately before;

(c) The Companys members approve either (i) an agreement for the sale or 
disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to any 
entity that is not an Affiliate, or (ii) a plan of complete liquidation of 
the Company; or

(d) The persons who were Directors immediately before a tender offer by any 
Person other than the Company or an Affiliate, or before a merger, 
consolidation or contested election, or before any combination of such 
transactions, cease to constitute a majority of the members of the Board as 
a result of such transaction or transactions.

Committee shall mean a committee designated by the Board which committee 
shall administer the Plan as set forth in Section 4 of this Article I of 
the Plan; provided, however, that if no such committee shall be so 
designated, the Board shall serve as the Committee.

Common Stock shall mean the authorized but unissued common stock, $.001 
par value, of the Company or reacquired shares of common stock, $.001 par 
value, of the Company.

Common Stock Option shall mean an option granted pursuant to the Plan to 
purchase Common Stock.

Common Stock Option Agreement shall mean the written instrument 
evidencing the grant of one or more Common Stock Options under the Plan and 
which shall contain the terms and conditions applicable to such grant.

Company shall mean Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Consultant shall mean any non-Employee consultant or advisor to the 
Company or an Affiliate who has contracted directly with the Company or an 
Affiliate to render bona fide consulting or advisory services thereto.

Director shall mean any individual who is a member of the Board or a 
member of the board of directors or managers of an Affiliate, and who is 
not an Employee.

Disability shall mean the inability to engage in any substantial gainful 
activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental 
impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or 
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months.

Employee shall mean any employee, including officers, of the Company or 
an Affiliate.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Market Value shall mean on any date, (i) if the Common Stock is not 
listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on Nasdaq, the fair 
market value of the Common Stock on that date as determined by the Board, 
or (ii) if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or 
is quoted on Nasdaq, the closing price reported on the composite tape for 
issues listed on such exchange on such date, or the closing price or the 
average of the closing dealer bid and asked prices for the Common Stock 
as quoted on Nasdaq, or if no trades shall have been reported for such 
date, on the next preceding date on which there were such trades reported; 
provided, however, that if no quotations shall have been made within the 10 
business days immediately preceding such date, Fair Market Value shall be 
determined by the Board.

Family Member shall mean, with respect to a Grantee, any child, 
stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, 
niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law or 
sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the 
Grantees household (other than a tenant of the Grantee), a trust in which 
such persons have more than 50% of the beneficial interest, a foundation in 
which such persons (or the Grantee) control the management of assets and 
any other entity in which such persons (or the Grantee) own more than 50% 
of the voting interests.

Grantee shall mean an Employee, Director or Consultant who has been 
granted a Common Stock Option under the Plan.

Nasdaq shall mean the National Association of Securities Dealers 
Automated Quotation System.

Common Stock Option shall mean a Common Stock Option granted to an 
Employee, Director or Consultant pursuant to the provisions set forth in 
Article II of the Plan.

Option Period shall mean the term of a Common Stock Option as fixed by 
the Committee.

Plan shall mean this Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Common Stock Option 
Plan as set forth herein and as amended from time to time.

Public Offering means the first offer and sale to the public by the 
Company (including any successor) or any holders of shares of Common Units 
subsequent to the date of this Agreement, pursuant to a registration 
statement that has been declared effective by the securities regulatory 
authority in the applicable jurisdiction.

3. Common Stock Subject to the Plan. There are hereby reserved for 
issuance under the Plan 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock. If a Common Stock 
Option shall expire and terminate for any reason, in whole or in part, 
without being exercised, the number of Common Stock as to which such 
expired or terminated Common Stock Option shall not have been exercised may 
again become available for the grant of new Common Stock Options hereunder.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Administration of the Plan. The Plan shall be administered by the 
Committee. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee 
shall have authority to determine the eligibility of Employees, Directors 
and Consultants to participate in the Plan, to grant Common Stock Options 
under the Plan, to interpret the Plan, to prescribe, amend, and rescind 
rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to determine the terms and 
provisions of Common Stock Option Agreements and to make all other 
determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. 
Any controversy or claim arising out of or related to the Plan shall be 
determined unilaterally by and in the sole discretion of the Committee. Any 
determination, decision or action of the Committee in connection with the 
construction, interpretation, administration, implementation or maintenance 
of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all Grantees and 
all person(s) claiming under or through any Grantees.

Should the Common Stock become publicly traded, there shall be 2 Committees 
under the Plan. Solely for the purpose of Common Stock Options granted 
under the Plan to Employees and Directors who are subject to Section 16 of 
the Exchange Act, a special Committee comprised solely of 2 or more 
individuals who are non-employee directors (as such term is defined in 
Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act), shall administer the Plan to 
satisfy the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 with respect to such 
Employees and Directors. For all other purposes of the Plan, the regular 
Committee shall administer the Plan.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 4 to the contrary, no 
member of the Committee shall have the authority to render any decision 
with respect to his or her participation in or entitlement to benefits 
under the Plan.

5. Amendment or Termination. The Board may, at any time, alter, amend, 
suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan; provided, however, that no 
such action shall adversely affect the right of any Grantee under any 
Common Stock Option previously granted thereto hereunder.

6. Effective Date of Plan. The Plan shall become effective on January 15, 
2007, subject to the approval by the members of the Company.
 
II. 	COMMON STOCK OPTION PROVISIONS.

1. Granting of Common Stock Options.

(a) Employees, Directors and Consultants shall be eligible to receive 
Common Stock Options under the Plan.

(b) The Committee shall determine and shall designate from time to time 
those Employees, Directors or Consultants who are to be granted Common 
Stock Options and shall specify the number of Common Stock subject to each 
Common Stock Option.

(c) The Committee may grant at any time new Common Stock Options to an 
Employee, Director or Consultant who has previously received Common Stock 
Options or other Common Stock Options, whether such prior Common Stock 
Options or other Common Stock Options are then outstanding, have previously 
been exercised in whole or in part or are canceled in connection with the 
issuance of new Common Stock Options.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) When granting a Common Stock Option, The purchase price for Common 
Stock under each Common Stock Option shall be 100 percent of the Fair 
Market Value of the Common Stock at the time the Common Stock Option is 
granted.

(e) The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether any 
particular Common Stock Option shall become exercisable in one or more 
installments, specify the installment dates and, within the limitations 
herein provided, determine the total period during which the Common Stock 
Option shall be exercisable. Further, the Committee may make such other 
provisions as may be generally acceptable or desirable in the opinion of 
the Committee.

2. Exercise of Common Stock Options. The purchase price of Common Stock 
subject to a Common Stock Option shall be payable upon its exercise in cash 
or by certified check, bank draft or postal or express money order. In 
addition, the Committee, in its discretion, may permit a Grantee to make 
partial or full payment of the purchase price by utilization of a cashless 
exercise or any other method made available by the Committee.

3. Termination of Employment, Director Status or Consulting Engagement. 
Except as provided otherwise in the applicable Common Stock Option 
Agreement (in which case the provisions of the Common Stock Option 
Agreement shall control over the provisions of this Section 3):

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) below, if the employment 
with the Company or an Affiliate of a Grantee who is an Employee is 
terminated other than by the Company or Affiliate for Cause, only those 
Common Stock Options held by the Grantee which were immediately exercisable 
at the termination of the Grantees employment shall be exercisable by the 
Grantee following the termination of the Grantees employment. Such Common 
Stock Options must be exercised within 180 days following such termination 
of employment (but in no event after expiration of the Option Period) or 
they shall be forfeited.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in paragraph (a) 
above, if the employment with the Company or an Affiliate of a Grantee who 
is an Employee is terminated by the Company or Affiliate for Cause, all 
then outstanding Common Stock Options held by the Grantee shall expire 
immediately and such Common Stock Options shall not be exercisable after 
the termination of the Grantees employment.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in paragraphs (a) 
and (b) above, if the employment with the Company or an Affiliate of a 
Grantee who is an Employee is terminated on account of the Grantees death 
or Disability, only those Common Stock Options held by the Grantee which 
were immediately exercisable at the date of the Grantees death or 
Disability, as applicable, shall be exercisable by the Grantee, the 
representative of the Grantees estate or the Grantees beneficiaries to 
whom the Non-Qualified Common Stock Options have been transferred. Such 
Common Stock Options must be exercised by the earlier of (i) 180 days from 
the date of the Grantees death or Disability, as applicable, or (ii) the 
expiration of the Option Period, or they shall be forfeited.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) If a Grantees status as a Director or engagement as a Consultant shall 
terminate other than by the Company or Affiliate for Cause, without such 
Grantee thereupon becoming an Employee, only those Common Stock Options 
held by the Grantee which were immediately exercisable at the termination 
of the Grantees status as a Director or engagement as a Consultant, as 
applicable, shall be exercisable by the Grantee following such termination. 
Such Common Stock Options must be exercised within 180 days after such 
termination (but in no event after expiration of the Option Period) or they 
shall be forfeited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Grantees status as 
a Director or engagement as a Consultant shall terminate for Cause, all 
then outstanding Common Stock Options held by the Grantee shall expire 
immediately and such Common Stock Options shall not be exercisable after 
the termination of the Grantees status as a Director or engagement as a 
Consultant.
 
III. 	GENERAL PROVISIONS.

1. Recapitalization Adjustments.

(a) In the event of any change in capitalization affecting the Common 
Stock, including, without limitation, a Common Stock dividend or other 
distribution, Common Stock split, reverse Common Stock split, 
recapitalization, consolidation, subdivision, split-up, spin-off, 
split-off, combination or exchange of shares or other form of 
reorganization or recapitalization, or any other change affecting the 
Common Stock, the Board shall authorize and make such proportionate 
adjustments, if any, as the Board shall deem appropriate to reflect such 
change, including, without limitation, with respect to the aggregate number 
of shares of Common Stock for which Common Stock Options in respect thereof 
may be granted under the Plan, the number of shares of Common Stock covered 
by each outstanding Common Stock Option, and the purchase price per share 
of Common Stock in respect of outstanding Common Stock Options.

(b) Any provision hereof to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event the 
Company is a party to a merger or other reorganization, the Board shall 
determine the treatment of outstanding Common Stock Options, which 
treatment may include the assumption of outstanding Common Stock Options by 
the surviving company or its parent, their continuation by the Company (if 
the Company is the surviving company), accelerated vesting or accelerated 
expiration, or settlement in cash.

2. General.

(a) Each Common Stock Option shall be evidenced by a Common Stock Option 
Agreement.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The granting of a Common Stock Option in any year shall not give the 
Grantee any right to similar grants in future years or any right to be 
retained as an Employee, Director or Consultant, and all Grantees shall 
remain subject to discharge or removal to the same extent as if the Plan 
were not in effect.

(c) No Grantee, and no beneficiary or other person claiming under or 
through him, shall have any right, title or interest by reason of any 
Common Stock Option to any particular assets of the Company, or any shares 
of Common Stock allocated or reserved for the purposes of the Plan or 
subject to any Common Stock Option except as set forth herein.

(d) No Common Stock Option shall or may be sold, exchanged, assigned, 
pledged, encumbered, or otherwise hypothecated or disposed of except by 
will or the laws of descent and distribution, and a Common Stock Option 
shall be exercisable during the Grantees lifetime solely by the Grantee or 
his conservator. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, a 
Common Stock Option may be transferred by the Grantee as an inter vivos 
gift to a Family Member.

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or agreements made 
pursuant thereto, the Companys obligation to issue or deliver any 
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock under a Common Stock 
Option, and the transferability of Common Stock acquired by exercise of a 
Common Stock Option, shall be subject to all of the following conditions:

(i) Any registration or other qualification of such shares under any state 
or federal law or regulation, or the maintaining in effect of any such 
registration or other qualification which the Board shall, in its absolute 
discretion upon the advice of counsel, deem necessary or advisable;

(ii) The obtaining of any other consent, approval, or permit from any state 
or federal governmental agency which the Board shall, in its absolute 
discretion upon the advice of counsel, determine to be necessary or 
advisable; and

(iii) Each Common Stock certificate issued pursuant to a Common Stock 
Option shall bear such legends which the Company shall determine, in its 
absolute discretion, are necessary or advisable, or which in the opinion of 
counsel to the Company are required under applicable federal or state 
securities laws.

(f) All payments to Grantees or to their legal representatives shall be 
subject to any applicable tax, commCommon Stocky property, or other 
statutes or regulations of the Common Stocked States or of any state having 
jurisdiction thereof. If the Grantee is an Employee, the Grantee may be 
required to pay to the Company the amount of any withholding taxes which 
the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to be withheld in 
order to comply with any applicable statutes or regulations with respect to 
a Common Stock Option or its exercise. In the event that such payment is 
not made when due, the Company shall have the right to deduct, to the 
extent permitted by law, from any payment or settlement of any kind 
otherwise due to such person, all or part of the amount required to be 
withheld. The Company shall not be required to issue Common Stock pursuant 
to the exercise of a Common Stock Option until such applicable obligations, 
if any, shall have been satisfied.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) The Company shall issue any Common Stock certificates required to be 
issued in connection with the exercise of a Common Stock Option with 
reasonable promptness following such exercise.

(h) The Plan and the grant or exercise of Common Stock Options granted 
under the Plan shall be subject to, and shall in all respects comply with, 
the applicable laws of Delaware.

(i) Should the participation of any Employee or Director in the Plan be 
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, it is the express intent of the 
Company that the Plan and the Common Stock Options granted under the Plan 
satisfy and be interpreted in a manner to achieve the result that the 
applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act shall be 
satisfied with respect to such Employees and Directors, with the result 
that such Employees and Directors shall be entitled to the benefits of 
Rule 16b-3 or other applicable exemptive rules under Section 16. If any 
provision of the Plan or of any Common Stock Option would otherwise 
frustrate or conflict with the intent of the Company set forth in the 
immediately preceding sentence, to the extent possible, such provision 
shall be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid such conflict, and, 
to the extent of any remaining irreconcilable conflict with such intent, 
the provision shall, solely with respect to Employees and Directors subject 
to Section 16, be deemed void.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AMENDMENT 1

TO THE

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

2013 COMMON STOCK OPTION PLAN
 
A. 	Amendment to the 2013 Common Stock Option Plan.

The following provisions are adopted as of September 11, 2014 (the 
Effective Date) as Amendment 1 to the Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 
Common Stock Option Plan (the Plan).
 
B. 	Increase in Shares.

Article I, Section 3 of the Plan is hereby amended to increase the number 
of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan from 
1,000,000 shares to 2,000,000 shares.
 
C. 	Miscellaneous.

Except as specifically set forth herein, the Plan shall remain in full 
force and effect, and Options granted under the Plan prior to the Effective 
Date shall be governed by the terms of Plan on the date of grant.

Any capitalized word not otherwise defined in this Amendment has the 
meaning given to such word in the Plan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned certifies that this Amendment 1 to the 
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Common Stock Option Plan was ratified, 
confirmed, and approved by the Board on the 11th day of September, 2014.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Flint Besecker
  	Flint Besecker, Secretary

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AMENDMENT 2

TO THE

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

2013 COMMON STOCK OPTION PLAN
 
A. 	Amendment to the 2013 Common Stock Option Plan.

The following provisions are adopted as of June 9, 2015 (the Effective 
Date) as Amendment 2 to the Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Common Stock 
Option Plan, as previously amended (the Plan).
 
B. 	Increase in Shares.

Article I, Section 3 of the Plan is hereby amended to increase the number 
of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan from 
2,000,000 shares to 2,300,000 shares.
 
C. 	Miscellaneous.

Except as specifically set forth herein, the Plan shall remain in full 
force and effect, and Options granted under the Plan prior to the Effective 
Date shall be governed by the terms of Plan on the date of grant.

Any capitalized word not otherwise defined in this Amendment has the 
meaning given to such word in the Plan.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned certifies that this Amendment 2 to the 
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Common Stock Option Plan was ratified, 
confirmed, and approved by the Board of Directors on the 9th day of June 9, 
2015.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
/s/ Flint Besecker
  	Flint Besecker, Secretary

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO.     

ATHENEX, INC. F/K/A KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

2013 COMMON STOCK OPTION PLAN

COMMON STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made as of             , 201    , by and between Athenex, 
Inc. f/k/a Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and                      (the Grantee).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Athenex, Inc. 2013 Common Stock Option 
Plan, as amended (the Plan) for the benefit of its Employees, Directors 
and Consultants; and

WHEREAS, the Committee has authorized the grant to the Grantee of a Common 
Stock Option under the Plan, on the terms and conditions set forth in the 
Plan and as hereinafter provided;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises contained herein, the 
Company and the Grantee hereby agree as follows:
 
  	1. 	Definitions.

Except as set forth above, Terms used in this Agreement which are defined 
in the Plan shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan.
 
  	2. 	Grant of Option.

The Committee hereby grants to the Grantee an option to purchase            
          (            ) Common Stock of the Companys Common Stock for an 
Option price per Common Stock equal to $         per Common Stock (the 
Option).
 
  	3. 	Option Terms and Exercise Period.

(a) The Option shall be exercised, and payment by the Grantee of the Option 
price shall be made, pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

(b) All or any part of the Option may be exercised by the Grantee no later 
than the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement and the Option shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the 
tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement, or (ii) the date on which 
the Option is fully exercised.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO.     
 
  	4. 	Vesting.

The Option shall vest and become exercisable pursuant to the following 
schedule:

25% on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement;
25% on the second anniversary of the date of this Agreement;
25% on the third anniversary of the date of this Agreement; and
25% on the fourth anniversary of the date of this Agreement.

The Grantee shall forfeit any unvested portion of the Option upon 
termination of his or her status as an Employee, Director or Consultant for 
any reason. Notwithstanding the above schedule, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control, the Grantee shall automatically become 100% vested in 
the Option.
 
  	5. 	Termination of Consultant Status.

Section 3 of Article II of the Plan shall control.
 
  	6. 	Restrictions on Transfer of Option.

This Agreement and the Option shall not be transferable otherwise than (a) 
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (b) by inter vivos 
gift to any Family Member, and the Option shall be exercisable, during the 
Grantees lifetime, solely by the Grantee, except on account of the 
Grantees Disability, and solely by the transferee in the case of a 
transfer by inter vivos gift to a Family Member.
 
  	7. 	Exercise of Option.

(a) The Option shall become exercisable at such time as shall be provided 
herein or in the Plan and shall be exercisable by written notice of such 
exercise, in the form prescribed by the Committee, to the Secretary of the 
Company, at its principal office. The notice shall specify the number of 
Common Stock for which the Option is being exercised.

(b) Common Stock purchased pursuant to the Option shall be paid for in full 
at the time of such purchase in cash or by check, bank draft or postal or 
express money order or by cashless exercise, as prescribed by the 
Committee.
 
  	8. 	Regulation by the Committee.

This Agreement and the Option shall be subject to any administrative 
procedures and rules as the Committee shall adopt. All decisions of the 
Committee upon any question arising under the Plan or under this Agreement, 
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Grantee and any person or persons 
to whom any portion of the Option has been transferred by will, by the laws 
of descent and distribution or by inter vivos gift to a Family Member.
 
  	9. 	Reservation of Common Stock.

With respect to the Option, the Company hereby agrees to at all times 
reserve for issuance and/or delivery upon payment by the Grantee of the 
Option price, such number of Common Stock as shall be required for issuance 
and/or delivery upon such payment pursuant to the Option.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO.     
 
  	10. 	Delivery of Share Certificates.

Within a reasonable time after the exercise of the Option the Company shall 
cause to be delivered to the Grantee, his legal representative or his 
beneficiary, a certificate for the Common Stock purchased pursuant to the 
exercise of the Option.
 
  	11. 	Amendment.

The Committee may amend this Agreement at any time and from time to time; 
provided, however, that no amendment of this Agreement that would 
materially and adversely impair the Grantees rights or entitlements with 
respect to the Option shall be effective without the prior written consent 
of the Grantee.
 
  	12. 	Plan Terms.

The terms of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference.
 
  	13. 	Effective Date of Grant.

The Option shall be effective as of the date first written above.
 
  	14. 	Grantee Acknowledgment.

By executing this Agreement, the Grantee hereby acknowledges that he (a) 
has received and read the Plan and this Agreement and agrees to be bound by 
all of the terms of both the Plan and this Agreement, and (b) upon 
exercising any portion of the Option, shall enter into and be bound by all 
of the terms of the Companys Limited Liability Company Agreement, as 
amended, or any shareholders agreement if the Company converts to a 
corporation.
 
ATHENEX, INC. F/K/A KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Flint Besecker, COO
____________________________________, Grantee
 
  	
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NO.     
 
ATHENEX, INC. F/K/A
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
EXERCISE FORM

DATED:             , 20    

The undersigned hereby irrevocable elects to exercise Athenex, Inc. f/k/a 
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) Option No.      to the extent 
of purchasing                  shares of Common Stock of the Company and 
hereby makes a payment of $         in payment of the exercise price per 
share set forth in the Option.


INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION AND DELIVER OF COMMON SHARES
 
NAME: 	  	
 
  	(Please typewrite or print in block letters)
ADDRESS: 	  	
 

Please forward the stock certificate to the registered owner of the Common 
Shares upon issuance.
 
SIGNATURE: 	  	
 
 
4