 EX-10.8 10 d352136dex108.htm EX-10.8
Exhibit 10.8

BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO p.l.c.

DEFERRED ANNUAL SHARE BONUS SCHEME

Adopted by a resolution of the Board of Directors of British American
Tobacco p.l.c. on 23 February 2001. Amended by resolution
of the Board of Directors on 24 February 2005; and amended for age
discrimination legislation on 26 February 2007; and amended by resolution
of the Board of Directors on 24 February 2014; and amended by resolution
of the Board of Directors on 23 February 2015.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 1.
   	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 	   	  	1 	 
 2.
   	GRANT OF AWARDS 	   	  	2 	 
 3.
   	TRANSFER OF SHARES TO PARTICIPANTS 	   	  	2 	 
 3A.
   	CLAW-BACK 	   	  	4 	 
 4.
   	TAKEOVER, RECONSTRUCTION AND WINDING-UP 	   	  	5 	 
 5.
   	VARIATION OF CAPITAL 	   	  	5 	 
 5A.
   	VESTED SHARE ACCOUNTS 	   	  	6 	 
 6.
   	ALTERATIONS 	   	  	6 	 
 7.
   	MISCELLANEOUS 	   	  	6 	 
 APPENDIX: OPERATION OF CLAW-BACK
   	  	8 	 
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. 	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
 
(1) 	In this Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires:-

Award Date means the date on which a Conditional Award was granted;

the Board means the board of directors of the Company or a committee 
appointed by such board of directors;

Claw-back means the repayment of value by a Participant to the Company 
(or another Participating Company) in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule 3A and Appendix 1;

the Company means British American Tobacco p.l.c. (registered in England 
and Wales No. 3407696);

Conditional Award means a conditional right to receive ordinary shares in 
the Company upon the terms and restrictions set out in the Scheme;

the Listing Rules means the listing rules made by the competent authority 
for the purposes of Part IV the Financial Services Act 1986, as from time 
to time modified, extended or remade;

the London Stock Exchange means The London Stock Exchange plc;

the Model Code means the Model Code on Directors dealings in securities 
as set out in the Appendix to Chapter 16 of the Listing Rules;

Participant means a person who holds a Conditional Award granted under 
the Scheme (including, where the context so admits, the personal 
representatives of a person who has died since he was granted a Conditional 
Award);

Participating Companies means the Company and its Subsidiaries;

the Scheme means the British American Tobacco Deferred Annual Share Bonus 
Scheme as herein set out but subject to any alterations or additions made 
under Rule 6 below;

Subsidiary means a body corporate which is a subsidiary of the Company 
within the meaning of section 736 of the Companies Act l985;

Takeover Code means the Code on Takeovers and Mergers issued by the Panel 
on Takeovers and Mergers, as from time to time modified, extended or 
reissued;

Trustee means the trustee or trustees from time to time of any trust deed 
established for the benefit of (inter alia) employees of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries which is operated in conjunction with the Scheme.
 
(2) 	Any reference in the Scheme to any enactment includes a reference to 
that enactment as from time to time modified extended or re-enacted.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. 	GRANT OF AWARDS
 
(1) 	Subject to sub-rules (5) and (6) below, the Board may at any time in 
the six weeks following the announcement of the Companys results for any 
period, or at any other time when the Board considers that there are 
exceptional circumstances, grant a Conditional Award or procure the grant 
of a Conditional Award to any employee of a Participating Company 
(including an employee who is also a director of a Participating Company), 
based upon the Companys performance in the preceding financial year, upon 
the terms set out in the Scheme and upon such other terms as the Board may 
specify.
 
(2) 	There shall be no monetary consideration for the grant of a 
Conditional Award and accordingly a Conditional Award shall be granted by 
deed.
 
(3) 	A Conditional Award shall consist of a conditional right for the 
Participant to receive ordinary shares in the Company for nil payment.
 
(4) 	Subject to Rule 3(2) below, a Conditional Award granted under the 
Scheme to any person shall not be capable of being transferred or assigned. 
If a Participant does or suffers any act or thing whereby he would or might 
be deprived of the legal or beneficial ownership of a Conditional Award, 
the Conditional Award shall lapse forthwith.
 
(5) 	No new shares in the Company may be issued under the Scheme and 
accordingly the Scheme may only utilise existing shares.
 
(6) 	The grant of a Conditional Award under the Plan shall be subject to 
the provisions of the Model Code and to obtaining any approval or consent 
required under the provisions of the Listing Rules or the Takeover Code, or 
of any other regulation or enactment applicable to such grant.
 
3. 	TRANSFER OF SHARES TO PARTICIPANTS
 
(1) 	Subject to sub-rules (2), (3), (4) and (7) below and to Rule 4 below, 
the shares subject to a Conditional Award shall be transferred to a 
Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the third anniversary 
of the Award Date.
 
(2) 	If a Participant dies at a time when he holds a Conditional Award, the 
Company shall procure the transfer of the shares subject to the Conditional 
Award to his personal representatives as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the date of his death.
 
(3) 	If any Participant ceases to be a director or employee of a 
Participating Company by reason of injury, disability or redundancy (within 
the meaning of the Employment Rights Act (1996)) or by reason only that his 
office or employment is in a company which ceases to be under the control 
of the Company, or relates to a business or part of a business which is 
transferred to a person other than the Company or a Subsidiary, the Company 
shall procure the transfer to the Participant of the shares subject to a 
Conditional Award as soon as reasonably practicable after he so ceases to 
be a director or an employee.
 
(4) 	If any Participant ceases to be a director or employee of a 
Participating Company for any other reason, the Conditional Award shall 
lapse immediately and no shares shall be transferred to the Participant 
unless the Board (at its absolute discretion) decides otherwise.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(5) 	A Participant shall not be treated for the purposes of sub-rules (3) 
and (4) above as ceasing to be a director or employee of the Company or a 
Subsidiary until such time as he is no longer a director or employee of the 
Company or any Subsidiary, and a female Participant who ceases to be such a 
director or employee by reason of pregnancy or confinement and who 
exercises her right to return to work under the Employment Rights Act 
(1996) shall be treated for those purposes as not having ceased to be such 
a director or employee.
 
(6) 	For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby confirmed a Participant is 
not entitled to any dividends paid or votes in respect of the shares 
subject to a Conditional Award by reference to a record date before the 
Participant (or his nominee) is registered as the holder of the shares.
 
(7) 	No transfer of shares shall be made under the Scheme if the Board 
considers that it would not be lawful or practicable in the relevant 
jurisdiction and in any such case the Board may (at its absolute 
discretion) decide that instead of receiving shares the Participant shall 
instead receive a cash sum equal to the value of the shares (calculated by 
reference to the middle market quotation of the shares on the dealing day 
preceding the date the shares would otherwise have been transferred, as 
derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List) less such 
deductions as the Board may decide are reasonable or necessary on account 
of any tax and/or social security contributions.
 
(8) 	In a case where any company is obliged to account for any tax and/or 
any social security contributions recoverable from a Participant (together, 
the Tax Liability) for which that Participant is or has agreed to be 
liable by virtue of the transfer of shares, the Company shall not be 
obliged to procure the transfer of the shares unless it or the 
Participants employing company has received on or prior to the transfer of 
the shares payment from the Participant of an amount not less than the Tax 
Liability or unless that Participant has entered into arrangements 
acceptable to the Participants employing company to ensure that such a 
payment is made (whether by authorising the sale of some or all of the 
shares on his behalf and the payment to the employing company of an amount 
equal to the Tax Liability out of the proceeds of sale or otherwise).
 
(9) 	The transfer of shares under the Scheme shall be subject to the 
provisions of the Model Code and to obtaining any approval or consent 
referred to in sub-rule 2(6). Where the transfer of shares pursuant to a 
Conditional Award is prohibited pursuant to the Model Code at any time, 
such transfer shall instead take place as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it is no longer prohibited by the Model Code.
 
(10) 	The number of shares subject to a Conditional Award granted on or 
after 24 February 2014 may be reduced at any time prior to the transfer of 
such shares to the Participant (including with the effect that the 
Conditional Award shall lapse) to the extent that the Board determines that 
there has been a material misrepresentation by any person in relation to 
the performance of the Company and/or the Participant on the basis of which 
the Board made its determination as to the extent to which that, or any 
prior, Conditional Award was granted to the Participant, or other any other 
event, in either case which the Board considers (in its absolute 
discretion) justifies such reduction. Such material misrepresentation may 
include (but shall not be limited to): (i) a misstatement of the financial 
results and/or health of the Company; (ii) an erroneous calculation in 
relation to the Companys results or other performance benchmark; (iii) 
errors in the Companys financial statements, or (iv) discrepancies in the 
financial accounts, whether or not arising from fraud or reckless behaviour 
on the part of any director or employee of the Company or any Participating 
Company (in each case in respect of any financial year on the basis of 
which that, or any prior, Conditional Award was granted).
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3A. 	CLAW-BACK

Claw-back events
 
(1) 	In respect of a Conditional Award granted on or after 1 January 2016, 
the Board may at any time prior to the third anniversary of the Award Date 
(whether before or after shares are transferred to a Participant pursuant 
to the Conditional Award) determine that a Claw-back shall apply in respect 
of the Conditional Award if the Board determines that:
 
  	(a) 	there has been a material misrepresentation in relation to the 
performance of the Company, any Subsidiary, any relevant business unit 
and/or the Participant on the basis of which the annual bonus (in respect 
of which the Conditional Award was granted) was determined (which may 
include, but shall not be limited to: (i) a misstatement of the financial 
results and/or health of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ii) an erroneous 
calculation in relation to the Companys or any Subsidiarys results or 
other performance benchmark; (iii) errors in the Companys or any 
Subsidiarys financial statements; or (iv) discrepancies in the financial 
accounts, and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding that such 
misrepresentation may not arise from fraud or reckless behaviour); or
 
  	(b) 	an erroneous calculation was made in assessing the amount of the 
annual bonus or the number of shares over which the Conditional Award was 
granted,

and, in either case, the annual bonus was awarded and/or the Conditional 
Award was granted to a greater extent than would have been the case had 
there not been such a misrepresentation or had such error not been made.
 
(2) 	In respect of a Conditional Award granted on or after 1 January 2016, 
the Board may at any time (whether before or after shares are transferred 
to a Participant pursuant to the Conditional Award) determine that a 
Claw-back shall apply in respect of the Conditional Award where the 
Participant is found to have committed at any time prior to the date on 
which shares are transferred to a Participant, including prior to the grant 
of the Conditional Award, an act or omission which justifies, or in the 
opinion of the Board would have justified, summary dismissal or service of 
notice of termination of office or employment on the grounds of misconduct.


Applying Claw-back
 
(3) 	A Claw-back shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of 
Appendix 1 (Operation of Claw-back).


Lapse of Conditional Awards to give effect to claw-back of other awards
 
(4) 	By participating in the Scheme, the Participant acknowledges that the 
Board may lapse any Conditional Award granted on or after 1 January 2016 to 
such extent as it determines to be necessary (including in full) in order 
to give effect to a claw-back under the terms of the Scheme or any other 
employees share scheme or bonus scheme operated from time to time by the 
Company or any Subsidiary.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
No Claw-back following a Takeover
 
(5) 	A Claw-back shall not apply at any time following any of the events 
described in Rule 4(1) or (3), save where such event occurs as part of an 
internal reorganisation where there is no material change in the ultimate 
ownership of the Company or where the determination that the Claw-back 
shall apply was made prior to such event.


Interaction with the cash bonus schemes
 
(6) 	No provision of the rules of this Scheme relating Claw-back shall in 
any way limit or restrict, or be limited or restricted by, the operation of 
any provision of any cash bonus scheme or similar operated by the Company 
or any Subsidiary from time to time.
 
4. 	TAKEOVER, RECONSTRUCTION AND WINDING-UP
 
(1) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after any person obtains control of 
the Company as a result of making a general offer to acquire shares in the 
Company, or having obtained such control makes such an offer, the Company 
shall procure the transfer to the Participant of the shares subject to a 
Conditional Award (subject to sub-rules (2), (3), (4) and (7) of Rule 3 
above).
 
(2) 	For the purposes of sub-rule (1) above, a person shall be deemed to 
have obtained control of the Company if he and others acting in concert 
with him have together obtained control of it.
 
(3) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after any application is made to the 
Court under section 425(1) of the Companies Act 1985 to order a meeting in 
relation to a proposed compromise or arrangement for the purposes of or in 
connection with a scheme for the reconstruction of the Company or its 
amalgamation with any other company or companies, the Company shall procure 
the transfer to the Participant of the shares subject to a Conditional 
Award (subject to sub-rules (2), (3), (4) and (7) of Rule 3 above).
 
(4) 	If any person becomes bound or entitled to acquire shares in the 
Company under sections 428 to 430F of the Companies Act 1985, or if under 
section 425 of that Act the Court sanctions a compromise or arrangement 
proposed for the purposes of or in connection with a scheme for the 
reconstruction of the Company or its amalgamation with any other company or 
companies, or if the Company passes a resolution for voluntary winding up, 
or if an order is made for the compulsory winding up of the Company, the 
Company shall procure the transfer to the Participant of the shares subject 
to a Conditional Award (subject to sub-rule (2), (3), (4) and (7) of Rule 3 
above) as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant event.
 
5. 	VARIATION OF CAPITAL
 
(1) 	In the event of any increase or variation of the share capital of the 
Company (whether by means of consolidation, subdivision, capitalisation or 
rights issue or otherwise and whenever effected), the Board may make such 
adjustments as it considers appropriate to the number of shares subject to 
a Conditional Award.
 
(2) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after making any adjustment under 
sub-rule (1) above, the Company shall give notice in writing thereof to any 
Participant affected thereby.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5A. 	VESTED SHARE ACCOUNTS
 
(1) 	Legal title to any shares which are due to be transferred to the 
Participant pursuant to the Scheme may (notwithstanding any other Rule) be 
transferred to a person (the Vested Share Account Provider) appointed by 
the Company from time to time to hold legal title to such shares on behalf 
of the Participant.
 
(2) 	The Vested Share Account Provider shall receive and hold shares on 
behalf of the Participant in accordance with such terms and conditions as 
are agreed by the Company from time to time, and by participating in the 
Scheme the Participant irrevocably agrees to those terms and conditions 
(which shall be available to the Participant on request to the Company).
 
(3) 	The transfer of any shares to the Vested Share Account Provider shall 
satisfy any obligation of the Company under the Scheme to transfer shares 
to the Participant (and references in the Scheme to shares (or legal title 
thereof) having been transferred to the Participant shall be read 
accordingly).
 
6. 	ALTERATIONS
 
(1) 	Subject to sub-rule (2) below, the Board may at any time alter or add 
to all or any of the provisions of the Scheme, or the terms of any 
Conditional Award granted under it, in any respect.
 
(2) 	No alteration or addition to the disadvantage of any Participant shall 
be made under sub-rule (1) above unless:-
 
  	(a) 	the Board shall have invited every relevant Participant to give an 
indication as to whether or not he approves the alteration or addition, and
 
  	(b) 	the alteration or addition is approved by a majority of those 
Participants who have given such an indication.
 
(3) 	As soon as reasonably practicable after making any alteration or 
addition under sub-rule (1) above, the Board shall give notice in writing 
thereof to any Participant affected thereby.
 
7. 	MISCELLANEOUS
 
(1) 	The rights and obligations of any individual under the terms of his 
office or employment with any Participating Company shall not be affected 
by his participation in the Scheme or any right which he may have to 
participate therein, and an individual who participates in the Scheme 
shall, as a term of the grant of any Conditional Award, waive any and all 
rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of his 
office or employment for any reason whatsoever insofar as those rights 
arise or may arise from his ceasing to have rights under the Scheme as a 
result of such termination.
 
(2) 	In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to the interpretation 
of the Scheme, or as to any question or right arising from or related to 
the Scheme, the decision of the Board shall be final and binding upon all 
persons.
 
(3) 	
Any notice or other communication under or in connection with the Scheme 
may be given by personal delivery or by sending the same by post, in the 
case of a company to its registered office, and in the case of an 
individual to his last known address, or, where he is a director or
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 employee of a Participating Company, either to his last known address 
or to the address of the place of business at which he performs the whole 
or substantially the whole of the duties of his office or employment.
 
(4) 	This Scheme shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
law of England and Wales.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1: OPERATION OF CLAW-BACK

Claw-back prior to the transfer of shares pursuant to a Conditional Award
 
(1) 	Where the Board determines (pursuant to Rule 3A(1) or 3A(2)) that a 
Claw-back shall apply in respect of a Conditional Award prior to shares 
having been transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Conditional 
Award, the Claw-back shall be applied by the Board reducing the number of 
shares subject to the Conditional Award by up to the number of shares 
determined by the Board to be the excess number of shares in respect of 
which the Conditional Award was granted and/or is outstanding (and the 
Conditional Award shall lapse to the extent so reduced, which may be in 
full).


Claw-back following the transfer of shares in respect of a Conditional 
Award
 
(2) 	Where the Board determines (pursuant to Rule 3A(1) or 3A(2)) that a 
Claw-back shall apply in respect of a Conditional Award following shares 
having been transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Conditional 
Award (a Post-Transfer Claw-back), the Board shall determine:
 
  	(a) 	the excess number of shares which were transferred to the 
Participant pursuant to the Conditional Award (the Excess Shares); and
 
  	(b) 	the aggregate market value of such Excess Shares (as determined by 
the Board) on the date on which the shares which were transferred to the 
Participant pursuant to the Conditional Award (the Equivalent Value).
 
(3) 	A Post-Transfer Claw-back may be effected in such manner as may be 
determined by the Board, and notified to the Participant, including by any 
one or more of the following:
 
  	(a) 	by reducing the number of shares and/or amount of cash in respect 
of which an Outstanding Award vests or may vest (or has vested, but in 
respect of which no shares have yet been transferred or cash payment made), 
whether before or after the assessment of performance conditions in respect 
of such Outstanding Award, by the number of Excess Shares and/or the 
Equivalent Value (and such Outstanding Award shall lapse to the extent so 
reduced);
 
  	(b) 	by setting-off against any amounts payable by the Company or any 
Subsidiary to the Participant an amount up to the Equivalent Value 
(including from any bonus payment which may otherwise become payable to the 
Participant); and/or
 
  	(c) 	by requiring the Participant to immediately transfer to the Company 
a number of shares equal to the Excess Shares or a cash amount equal to the 
Equivalent Value (which shall be an immediately payable debt due to the 
Company), provided that the Board may reduce the number of Excess Shares or 
the amount of the Equivalent Value subject to the Claw-back in order to 
take account of any Tax Liability (as defined in Rule 3(8)) which arose on 
the Excess Shares (howsoever delivered to the Participant).
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) 	In paragraph (3) above:

Outstanding Award means any other Conditional Award under the Scheme, any 
award or option under any other employees share scheme operated from time 
to time by the Company or any Subsidiary (other than any award or options 
granted under any arrangement which satisfies the provisions of Schedules 2 
or 3, or (unless the terms of such arrangement state that shares acquired 
thereunder are subject to claw-back) 4 or 5 of the Income Tax (Earnings and 
Pensions) Act 2003), or any bonus award under any bonus scheme operated 
from time to time by the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case which is 
either held by the Participant at the time of a determination that a 
Claw-back shall be applied or which are granted to the Participant 
following such a determination; and

vests shall include shares or cash subject to an award becoming due to be 
transferred or paid, and in the case of an option, the option becoming 
exercisable.
 
9