 EX-10.22 3 d339405dex1022.htm FORM OF SEPARATION AGREEMENT UNDER EXELON 
CORP SENIOR MANAGEMENT SEVERANCE PLAN
Exhibit 10.22

CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT

THIS CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into 
as of                      between Exelon Corporation (Exelon),           
           (Subsidiary, and, collectively with Exelon, the Company) and 
                     (the Executive).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Executive is separating from all positions with Exelon, 
Subsidiary and their respective affiliates.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements 
contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Company and the Executive agree as follows:

1. Resignation; Termination of Employment. The Executives employment with 
Subsidiary will be terminated, and Executive hereby resigns, each effective 
as of the close of business on              (the Termination Date), as 
Vice President of Subsidiary and from all other positions as an officer or 
director of Exelon and its subsidiaries and affiliates.

2. Payment of Accrued Amounts. The Company shall pay to the Executive not 
later than the second payroll date after the Termination Date the following 
amounts:

(a) the portion of his or her annual salary that has accrued but is unpaid 
as of the Termination Date; and

(b) an additional amount representing the Executives accrued but unused 
vacation days as of the Termination Date, if any.

3. Severance Payments. The Company shall pay to the Executive:

(a) cash severance payments in an aggregate amount equal to $             
which is equal to 1.     times the sum of (i) the Executives base salary 
of $                     plus (ii) the Executives 201_ target annual 
incentive award of $            . Payment shall commence not later than 
forty-five days following the Termination Date, in substantially equal 
regular payroll installments over a period of fifteen months; and

(b) Executive shall remain eligible to receive a pro-rated annual incentive 
award for 201_ based on actual performance results determined in a manner 
consistent with peer executives, payable at the time such awards (if any) 
are paid to active executives (but not later than March 15, 201_), and such 
payment shall be considered a short-term deferral for purposes of section 
409A of the Code.

4. Tax Withholding. The Company shall deduct from the amounts payable to 
the Executive pursuant to this Agreement the amount of all required 
federal, state and local withholding taxes in accordance with the 
Executives Form W-4 on file with the Company and
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
all applicable social security and Medicare taxes. The Company shall be 
entitled to withhold from any shares of common stock of the Company to be 
delivered to the Executive pursuant to Sections 6(a), (b) and (c) a number 
of shares of common stock of the Company having a value (based upon the 
closing price of a share of the Companys common stock as reported on the 
New York Stock Exchange on the applicable valuation date) equal to the 
minimum amount of all required federal, state and local withholding taxes 
and all applicable social security and Medicare taxes with respect to the 
lapse of forfeiture conditions applicable to the vesting of performance 
shares or the exercise of options.

5. Outplacement Assistance and Financial Counseling. During the 
twelve-month period following the Termination Date, the Company shall 
reimburse the Executive for reasonable fees incurred for services rendered 
to the Executive by a professional outplacement organization selected by 
the Executive and acceptable to the Company to provide individual 
outplacement services, and Executive also shall be eligible to receive 
financial counseling services consistent with the terms and conditions 
applicable to active peer executives under Exelons executive perquisite 
policy.

6. Long Term Incentive Awards. Subject to Executives timely execution of 
(and not revoking) the Waiver and Release,

(a) each of Executives options to purchase common stock of Exelon granted 
pursuant to the Exelon Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan shall (i) to 
the extent exercisable on the Termination Date, remain exercisable for 
ninety days following the Termination Date (or until the option expiration 
date, if earlier), and (ii) to the extent not exercisable as of the 
Termination Date, be forfeited as of the Termination Date;

(b) Executive shall remain eligible to receive (i) full long-term 
[performance share / cash] awards under Exelons long-term incentive 
program for the 201_-201_ and 201_-201_ performance cycles, the respective 
amounts (if any) of which shall be determined based on actual performance 
results for such respective periods, and all such awards shall be payable 
at the time or times such respective awards are paid to active executives; 
and

(c) the non-vested portion of Executives [restricted stock unit / cash 
unit] awards granted on January __, 201_, January __, 201_ and January __, 
201_ under Exelons long term incentive program shall become fully vested 
as of the Termination Date.

All such awards payable in shares shall be subject to the Companys 
applicable resale restrictions, if any.

7. Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits. The Executive shall be 
eligible for a retirement benefit under the Exelon applicable supplemental 
management retirement plan in which Executive is a participant (the SERP
) in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof, except that in 
determining such benefit, the Executive shall, subject to the Executives 
timely execution of the Waiver and Release, be credited with             
months additional service calculated as though he or she received the 
severance benefits specified in Section 3(a) as regular salary incentive 
pay over such period (and limited in its application to the amounts of such 
payments that exceed the compensation limitations applicable to qualified 
pension plans under the Code). Such benefit shall be paid as provided in 
Section 8(b).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. Employee and Other Benefits.

(a) During the period commencing on the Termination Date and ending         
     months after the Termination Date (the Severance Period) and in 
satisfaction of COBRA continuation coverage during such period with respect 
to healthcare benefits, (i) the Executive (and his or her participating 
dependents) shall be eligible to participate in, and shall receive benefits 
under Exelons welfare benefit plans (including medical, dental, vision and 
hearing) in which the Executive (and his or her eligible dependents) were 
participating immediately prior to the Termination Date, and (ii) the 
Executive shall be eligible to participate in the life insurance programs 
in which he or she was a participant immediately prior to the Termination 
Date, in each case on the same basis as if the Executive had remained 
actively employed during the Severance Period.

(b) Following the Severance Period, the Executive (and his or her eligible 
dependents) shall be eligible for continued health care coverage at 
Executives sole expense for any remaining period required by COBRA.

(c) The Company shall pay to the Executive, in the time and manner 
specified in the terms and conditions of such plans and any distribution 
elections by the Executive in effect thereunder, his or her account 
balances (if any) under Exelons deferred compensation plans, as adjusted 
by all applicable earnings and losses on such account balances.

(d) The Executive shall be entitled to purchase the computer furnished by 
the Company for his or her use, subject to removal of data and programs as 
determined by the Company. The Executive shall be responsible for payment 
of expenses incurred after the Termination Date with respect to the 
Company-owned cellular phone furnished for his or her use.

(e) If the Executive is entitled to any benefit under any employee benefit 
plan of the Company that is accrued and vested on the Termination Date and 
that is not expressly referred to in this Agreement, such benefit shall be 
provided to the Executive in accordance with the terms of such employee 
benefit plan.

(f) Notwithstanding Section 8(e) or anything else contained in this 
Agreement to the contrary, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that he or 
she is not and shall not be entitled to benefits under any other severance 
or change in control plan, program, agreement or arrangement, and that the 
benefits provided under this Agreement shall be the sole and exclusive 
benefits to which the Executive may become entitled upon his or her 
termination of employment. In the event the Executive dies prior to 
executing the Waiver and Release (as described in Section 9 below) attached 
hereto, neither he or she, his or her estate, nor any other person shall be 
entitled to any further compensation or benefits under this Agreement, 
unless and until the executor of the Executives estate (and/or such other 
heirs or representatives as may be requested by the Company) executes upon 
Company request and does not revoke such a Waiver and Release.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. Waiver and Release. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
Executives right to the payments and benefits under this Agreement shall 
be contingent upon (a) Executive having executed and delivered to the 
Company a waiver and general release provided by the Company (the Waiver 
and Release) not earlier than the Termination Date and not later than the 
date set forth in the release (but in no event more than              days 
after the Termination Date) (the Consideration Period), (b) Executive not 
revoking such release in accordance with the terms of the release and (c) 
Executive not violating any of Executives on-going obligations under this 
Agreement; provided, however, that the Company has the discretion to pay 
such benefits prior to receipt of the Waiver and Release and/or the 
expiration of the revocation period; provided further that if Executive 
does not execute and deliver the Waiver and Release to the Company prior to 
the expiration of the Consideration Period or if the Executive revokes the 
Waiver and Release in accordance with its terms, Executive shall pay to the 
Company within 10 days following the expiration of the Consideration Period 
or the date such release was revoked, a lump sum payment of all payments 
received by Executive to date hereunder.

10. Restrictive Covenants. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that he or 
she is bound by, and subject to, the Restrictive Covenants and the Waiver 
and Release. The Executive shall comply with, and observe, the Restrictive 
Covenants including, without limitation, the confidential information, 
non-solicitation and intellectual property provisions and related covenants 
contained therein, all of which are hereby incorporated by reference. In 
the event the Company determines that Executive has breached any of the 
Restrictive Covenants or the Waiver and Release or has engaged in conduct 
during his or her employment with the Company that would constitute ground 
for termination for Cause, benefits under this Agreement shall terminate 
immediately, and Executive shall reimburse Exelon for any benefits 
received.

11. Certain Tax Matters.

(a) If it is determined by Exelons independent auditors that any severance 
payment, benefit or enhancement that is provided to the Executive pursuant 
to the terms of the this Agreement is or will become subject to any excise 
tax under section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or 
any similar tax payable under any United States federal, state, local, 
foreign or other law (Excise Taxes), then such payment, benefit or 
enhancement shall be reduced to the largest amount which would not cause 
any such Excise Tax to by payable by the Executive and not cause a loss of 
the related income tax deduction by the Company.

(b) The parties intend this Agreement to comply with section 409A of the 
Code. In the event the timing of any payment or benefit under this 
Agreement would result in any tax or penalty under section 409A of the 
Code, the Company may reasonably adjust the timing of such payment or 
benefit if doing so will eliminate or materially reduce such tax or penalty 
and amend this Agreement accordingly. Executive acknowledges that Executive 
has been advised to consult Executives personal tax advisor concerning 
this Agreement, and has not relied on the Company or Subsidiary for tax 
advice.

12. Non-disparagement. The Executive shall not (a) make any written or oral 
statement that brings the Company or any of its affiliates or the 
employees, officers, directors or agents of the Company or any of its 
affiliates into disrepute, or tarnishes any of their images or
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reputations or (b) publish, comment upon or disseminate any statements 
suggesting or accusing the Company or any of its affiliates, employees, 
officers, directors or agents of any misconduct or unlawful behavior. The 
provisions of this Section 12 shall not apply to truthful testimony as a 
witness, compliance with other legal obligations, assertion of or defense 
against any claim of breach of this Agreement, or any activity that 
otherwise may be required by the lawful order of a court or agency of 
competent jurisdiction, and shall not require the Executive to make false 
statements or disclosures.

13. Publicity. Executive shall not issue or cause the publication of any 
press release or other announcement with respect to the terms or provisions 
of this Agreement, nor disclose the contents hereof to any third party 
(other than to members of his or her immediate family or to tax, financial 
and legal advisors), without obtaining the consent of Exelon, except where 
such release, announcement or disclosure shall be required by applicable 
law or administrative regulation or agency or other legal process.

14. Other Employment; Other Plans. The Executive shall not be obligated to 
seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the 
amounts payable to the Executive under any provision of this Agreement. The 
amounts payable hereunder shall not be reduced by any payments received by 
the Executive from any other employer; provided, however, that any 
continued welfare benefits provided for by Section 8(a) shall not duplicate 
any benefits that are provided to the Executive and his or her family by 
such other employer and shall be secondary to any coverage provided by 
Medicare.

15. Cooperation by the Executive. During the Severance Period, the 
Executive shall (a) be reasonably available to the Company to respond to 
requests by them for information pertaining to or relating to matters which 
may be within the knowledge of the Executive and (b) cooperate with the 
Company in connection with any existing or future litigation or other 
proceedings brought by or against the Company, its subsidiaries or 
affiliates, to the extent Exelon reasonably deems the Executives 
cooperation necessary, including truthful testimony in any related 
proceeding.

16. Successors; Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and binding upon the Company and its successors, and by the 
Executive, his or her spouse, personal or legal representatives, executors, 
administrators and heirs. This Agreement, being personal, may not be 
assigned by Executive.

17. Governing Law; Validity. This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed 
and enforced in accordance with the terms of the Exelon Corporation Senior 
Management Severance Plan, and the applicable provisions of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and section 409A of the 
Code.

18. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Waiver and Release constitute 
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersede and preempt any other 
understandings, agreements or representations by or between the parties, 
written or oral, which may have related in any manner to the subject matter 
hereof. Executive acknowledges that the Company has made no representations 
regarding the tax consequences of payments under this Agreement and has had 
the opportunity to consult Executives tax advisor.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed to be an original and both of which together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.

20. Miscellaneous. No provision of this Agreement may be modified or waived 
unless such modification or waiver is agreed to in writing and executed by 
the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company. No waiver by 
either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, 
or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be 
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or 
dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or 
subsequent time. Failure by the Executive or the Company to insist upon 
strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or to assert any 
right which the Executive or the Company may have hereunder shall not be 
deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or 
right of this Agreement.

21. Beneficiary. If the Executive dies prior to receiving all of the 
amounts payable hereunder (other than amounts payable under any plan 
referenced in Section 8(d), which shall be governed by any beneficiary 
designation in effect thereunder) but after executing the Waiver and 
Release, such amounts shall be paid, except as may be otherwise expressly 
provided herein or in the applicable plans, to the beneficiary (
Beneficiary) designated with respect to this Agreement by the Executive in 
writing to the Vice President, Corporate Compensation of the Company during 
his or her lifetime, which the Executive may change from time to time by 
new designation filed in like manner without the consent of any 
Beneficiary; or if no such Beneficiary is designated, to his or her 
surviving spouse, and if there be none, to his or her estate.

22. Nonalienation of Benefits. Benefits payable under this Agreement shall 
not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, 
assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, prior to actually being received 
by the Executive, and any such attempt to dispose of any right to benefits 
payable hereunder shall be void.

23. Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement is declared by any 
court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such 
unlawfulness or invalidity shall not serve to invalidate any portion of 
this Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid, except that in the 
event a determination is made that the Restrictive Covenants as applied to 
the Executive are invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then this 
Agreement shall be void and the Company shall have no obligation to provide 
benefits hereunder. Any paragraph or part of a paragraph so declared to be 
unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will 
give effect to the terms of such paragraph or part of a paragraph to the 
fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.

24. Communications. Nothing in this Agreement or the Waiver and Release 
shall be construed to prohibit or limit the Executive from filing a charge 
with, or reporting possible violations of law or regulation to any 
governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the National 
Labor Relations Board, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, U.S. Equal 
Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the Department of Justice, 
the Securities Exchange
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other 
disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of 
applicable law or regulation, or taking any other action protected under 
section 211 of the Energy Reorganization Act. The Executive does not need 
the prior authorization of the Company to make any such charges, reports or 
disclosures, and is not required to notify the Company that Executive has 
made such charges reports or disclosures, and no such report or disclosure 
shall be considered a violation of Section 12 of this Agreement or the 
Waiver and Release. In addition, neither this Agreement nor the Waiver and 
Release limits the Executives ability to receive a monetary award from a 
government-administered whistleblower award program for providing any such 
reports or disclosures directly to a governmental agency. Executive 
acknowledges, however, that the Waiver and Release requires Executive to 
specifically waive all rights to recover any monetary damages from the 
Company, including but not limited to lost wages and benefits, lost pay, 
damages for emotional distress, punitive damages, reinstatement, and 
attorneys fees and costs.

25. Sections. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any 
reference to a Section shall be to a Section of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Exelon and Subsidiary have caused this Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers and the Executive has executed 
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
 
EXELON CORPORATION
By: 	  	 
Vice President, Corporate Compensation
 
SUBSIDIARY
By: 	  	 
Vice President, Human Resources
 
  	 
  	EXECUTIVE
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WAIVER AND RELEASE
UNDER
CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT

In consideration for the Executives receiving severance benefits under the 
Separation Agreement (as defined below),                      (the 
Executive) hereby agrees as follows:

1. Release. Except with respect to the Companys obligations under the 
Confidential Separation Agreement by and between Exelon Corporation,        
             , (collectively, the Company) and the Executive dated as of 
                     (the Separation Agreement), the Executive, on behalf 
of Executive and his or her heirs, executors, assigns, agents, legal 
representatives and personal representatives, hereby releases, acquits and 
forever discharges the Company, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and 
their respective officers, directors, agents, servants, employees, 
attorneys, shareholders, successors, assigns and affiliates, of and from 
any and all claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, costs, 
expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities and obligations of every 
kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, known and unknown, foreseen 
or unforeseen, disclosed and undisclosed, suspected and unsuspected, 
arising out of or in any way related to agreements, events, acts or conduct 
at any time prior to the day of execution of this Waiver and Release, 
including but not limited to any and all such claims and demands directly 
or indirectly arising out of or in any way connected with the Executives 
employment or other service with the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries or 
affiliates; the Executives termination of employment and other service 
with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; claims or 
demands related to salary, bonuses, commissions, stock, stock options, 
restricted stock or any other ownership interests in the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries and affiliates, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense 
reimbursements, sabbatical benefits, severance, change in control or other 
separation benefits, or any other form of compensation or equity; and 
claims pursuant to any federal, state, local law, statute, ordinance, 
common law or other cause of action including but not limited to, the 
federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the federal Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended; the federal Americans 
with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, as amended, tort law; contract law; wrongful discharge; 
discrimination; fraud; defamation; harassment; emotional distress; or 
breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing. This Waiver and 
Release does not apply to the payment of any benefits to which the 
Executive may be entitled under a Company-sponsored tax qualified 
retirement or savings plan or Executivess entitlement to indemnification 
with respect to his service as an officer, director, employee or agent of 
the Company in accordance with Article VII of the Exelon Corporation 
Amended and Restated Bylaws.

2. No Inducement. The Executive agrees that no promise or inducement to 
enter into this Waiver or Release has been offered or made except as set 
forth in this Waiver and Release and the Separation Agreement, that the 
Executive is entering into this Waiver and Release without any threat or 
coercion and without reliance on any statement or representation made on 
behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or by any 
person employed by or representing the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
or affiliates, except for the written provisions and promises contained in 
this Waiver and Release and the Separation Agreement.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Advice of Counsel; Time to Consider; Revocation. The Executive 
acknowledges the following:

(a) The Executive has read this Waiver and Release, and understands its 
legal and binding effect, including that by signing and not revoking this 
Waiver and Release the Executive waives and releases any and all claims 
under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, 
including but not limited to the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act. The 
Executive is acting voluntarily and of the Executives own free will in 
executing this Waiver and Release.

(b) The Executive has been advised to seek and has had the opportunity to 
seek legal counsel in connection with this Waiver and Release.

(c) The Executive was given at least twenty-one (21) days to consider the 
terms of this Waiver and Release before signing it.

(d) At the time Executive was given this Waiver and Release, Executive was 
informed that his or her termination was not part of a group separation.

The Executive understands that, if the Executive signs the Waiver and 
Release, the Executive may revoke it within seven (7) days after signing 
it, provided that Executive will not receive any severance benefits under 
the Separation Agreement. The Executive understands that this Waiver and 
Release will not be effective until after the seven-day period has expired 
and no consideration will be due the Executive.

4. Severability. If all or any part of this Waiver and Release is declared 
by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such 
unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any other portion of this 
Waiver and Release. Any Section or a part of a Section declared to be 
unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will 
give effect to the terms of the Section to the fullest extent possible 
while remaining lawful and valid.

5. Amendment. This Waiver and Release shall not be altered, amended, or 
modified except by written instrument executed by the Company and the 
Executive. A waiver of any portion of this Waiver and Release shall not be 
deemed a waiver of any other portion of this Waiver and Release.

6. Applicable Law. The provisions of this Waiver and Release shall be 
interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Illinois without regard to its choice of law principles.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has executed this Waiver and Release as 
of the date specified below.
 
EXECUTIVE
 
DATE:   	  	 
 
2