 EX-10.3 4 d300797dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

RADIAN GROUP INC.
2014 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (Terms and Conditions) are part of the 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant made as of             , 2017 (the Grant Date
), by Radian Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), to 
Richard G. Thornberry, an employee of the Company (the Grantee).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Radian Group Inc. 2014 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan) 
permits the grant of Restricted Stock Units in accordance with the terms 
and provisions of the Plan;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock Units to the 
Grantee, and the Grantee desires to accept such Restricted Stock Units, on 
the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan; and

WHEREAS, the applicable provisions of the Plan are incorporated into these 
Terms and Conditions by reference, including the definitions of terms 
contained in the Plan (unless such terms are otherwise defined herein).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, 
agree as follows:


1.    Grant of Restricted Stock Units.

The Company hereby awards to the Grantee                      Restricted 
Stock Units (hereinafter, the Restricted Stock Units), subject to the 
vesting and other conditions of these Terms and Conditions.


2.    Vesting.

(a)    General Vesting Terms. Provided the Grantee remains employed by the 
Company or an Affiliate through the vesting date set forth in this Section 
2 (the Vesting Date) and meets all applicable requirements set forth in 
these Terms and Conditions, except as set forth in Sections 2(b), 2(c), and 
2(d) below, the Restricted Stock Units awarded under these Terms and

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Conditions shall vest as follows (the period over which the Restricted 
Stock Units vest is referred to as the Restriction Period):
 
Vesting Date
   	
Vested Restricted Stock Units
2nd Anniversary of the Grant Date 	   	1/3 of the awarded Restricted Stock 
Units
3rd Anniversary of the Grant Date 	   	1/3 of the awarded Restricted Stock 
Units
4th Anniversary of the Grant Date 	   	1/3 of the awarded Restricted Stock 
Units

(b)    Death or Disability. In the event of the Grantees death or 
Disability while employed by the Company or an Affiliate during the 
Restriction Period, the Grantees Restricted Stock Units will automatically 
vest in full on the date of the Grantees death or Disability, as 
applicable. For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the term 
Disability shall mean a physical or mental impairment of sufficient 
severity that the Grantee is both eligible for and in receipt of benefits 
under the long-term disability program maintained by the Company, and that 
meets the requirements of a disability under section 409A of the Code.

(c)    Termination without Cause. Subject to subsection (d) below, in the 
event (i) the Company terminates the Grantees employment during the 
Restriction Period for any reason other than for Cause (as defined below), 
death or Disability, or (ii) the Grantee resigns during the Restriction 
Period for Good Reason (as defined below), and in either case the Grantee 
executes and does not revoke a Release (as defined below), the Grantees 
Restricted Stock Units will automatically vest in full on the date of the 
Grantees termination of employment.

(d)    Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, during the 
Restriction Period, a Change of Control occurs and the Grantees employment 
with the Company and its Subsidiaries is terminated by the Company or an 
Affiliate without Cause, or the Grantee terminates employment for Good 
Reason, and the Grantees date of termination of employment (or in the 
event of the Grantees termination for Good Reason, the event giving rise 
to Good Reason) occurs during the period beginning on the date that is 90 
days before the Change of Control and ending on the date that is one year 
following the Change of Control, the unvested Restricted Stock Units will 
automatically vest as of the Grantees date of termination of employment 
(or, if later, on the date of the Change of Control).

(e)    Other Termination. Except as provided in Sections 2(b), 2(c) and 
2(d), in the event of a termination of employment, the Grantee will forfeit 
all Restricted Stock Units that do not vest either before the termination 
date or on the termination date associated with such termination. Except as 
provided in Section 2(d), no Restricted Stock Units will vest after the 
Grantees employment with the Company or an Affiliate has terminated for 
any reason. For clarification purposes, in the event the Grantees 
employment is terminated by the Company or an Affiliate for Cause, the 
outstanding unvested Restricted Stock Units held by such Grantee shall 
immediately terminate and be of no further force or effect.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f)    Definitions.

(i)    For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, Cause shall have the 
meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement entered into between the 
Company and the Grantee as of February 8, 2017 (the Employment Agreement
).

(ii)    For purposes of these Terms and Conditions Good Reason shall have 
the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement.

(iii)    For purposes of these Terms and Conditions Release shall have 
the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement.


3.    Restricted Stock Units Account.

The Company shall establish a bookkeeping account on its records for the 
Grantee and shall credit the Grantees Restricted Stock Units to the 
bookkeeping account.


4.    Conversion of Restricted Stock Units.

(a)    Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, if the Restricted 
Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 2(a), the Grantee shall be 
entitled to receive payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units within 60 
days after the Vesting Date.

(b)    The vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid earlier than the 
Vesting Date in the following circumstances:

(i)    If the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 2(b) 
(the Grantees death or Disability), the Grantee shall be entitled to 
receive payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units within 60 days after 
the date of the Grantees death or Disability, as applicable.

(ii)    If the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 2(c) 
(the Grantees termination without Cause), the Grantee shall be entitled to 
receive payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units within 60 days after 
the date of the Grantees termination of employment.

(iii)    If a Change of Control occurs and the Grantees employment 
terminates in accordance with Section 2(d), the Grantee shall be entitled 
to receive payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units within 60 days 
after the date of the Grantees termination of employment (or, if later, on 
the date of the Change of Control).

(c)    On the applicable payment date, each vested Restricted Stock Unit 
credited to the Grantees account shall be settled in whole shares of 
Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of vested Restricted Stock 
Units, subject to compliance with the six-month delay described in Section 
15 below, if applicable, and the payment of any federal, state, local, or 
foreign withholding taxes as described in Section 11 below, and subject to 
compliance with the Restrictive Covenants (as defined below). The 
obligation of the Company to distribute shares upon vesting shall be 
subject to the rights of the Company as set forth in the Plan and to all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, and such approvals by governmental 
agencies as may be deemed appropriate by the Committee, including as set 
forth in Section 13 below.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.    Certain Corporate Changes.

If any change is made to the Common Stock (whether by reason of merger, 
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock 
split, combination of shares, or exchange of shares or any other change in 
capital structure made without receipt of consideration), then unless such 
event or change results in the termination of all the Restricted Stock 
Units granted under these Terms and Conditions, the Committee shall adjust, 
as provided in the Plan, the number and class of shares underlying the 
Restricted Stock Units held by the Grantee to reflect the effect of such 
event or change in the Companys capital structure in such a way as to 
preserve the value of the Restricted Stock Units. Any adjustment that 
occurs under the terms of this Section 5 or the Plan will not change the 
timing or form of payment with respect to any Restricted Stock Units except 
in accordance with section 409A of the Code.


6.    Restrictive Covenants.

(a)    The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that, in consideration for grant 
of the Restricted Stock Units, the Grantee remains subject to the 
non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, inventions assignment, 
and non-disparagement provisions to the extent described in (including 
incorporated by reference into) Section 14 of the Employment Agreement, the 
Restrictive Covenants Agreement dated February 8, 2017 between the Grantee 
and the Company, the Companys Code of Conduct (as defined in the 
Employment Agreement), and any other written agreements between the Company 
and the Grantee (collectively, the Restrictive Covenants).

(b)    The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Grantee 
breaches any of the Restrictive Covenants:

(i)    The Committee may in its discretion determine that the Grantee shall 
forfeit the outstanding Restricted Stock Units (without regard to whether 
the Restricted Stock Units have vested), and the outstanding Restricted 
Stock Units shall immediately terminate; and

(ii)    The Committee may in its discretion require the Grantee to return 
to the Company any shares of Common Stock received in settlement of the 
Restricted Stock Units; provided, that if the Grantee has disposed of any 
shares of Common Stock received upon settlement of the Restricted Stock 
Units, then the Committee may require the Grantee to pay to the Company, in 
cash, the fair market value of such shares of Common Stock as of the date 
of disposition. The Committee shall exercise the right of recoupment 
provided in this subsection (ii) within 180 days after the Committees 
discovery of the Grantees breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants.


7.    No Stockholder Rights.

The Grantee has no voting rights and no rights to receive dividends or 
dividend equivalents or other ownership rights and privileges of a 
stockholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the 
Restricted Stock Units.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.    Retention Rights.

Neither the award of Restricted Stock Units, nor any other action taken 
with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, shall confer upon the Grantee 
any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or an 
Affiliate or shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or an 
Affiliate to terminate Grantees employment or service at any time.


9.    Notice.

Any notice to the Company provided for in these Terms and Conditions shall 
be addressed to it in care of the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 1601 
Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-2197, and any notice to the 
Grantee shall be addressed to such Grantee at the current address shown on 
the payroll system of the Company or an Affiliate thereof, or to such other 
address as the Grantee may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice 
provided for hereunder shall be delivered by hand, sent by telecopy or 
electronic mail, or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as 
stated above, registered and deposited, postage and registry fee prepaid in 
the United States mail, or other mail delivery service. Notice to the 
Company shall be deemed effective upon receipt. By receipt of these Terms 
and Conditions, the Grantee hereby consents to the delivery of information 
(including without limitation, information required to be delivered to the 
Grantee pursuant to the applicable securities laws) regarding the Company, 
the Plan, and the Restricted Stock Units via the Companys electronic mail 
system or other electronic delivery system.


10.    Incorporation of Plan by Reference.

These Terms and Conditions are made pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the 
terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and shall in all 
respects be interpreted in accordance therewith. The decisions of the 
Committee shall be conclusive upon any question arising hereunder. The 
Grantees receipt of the Restricted Stock Units awarded under these Terms 
and Conditions constitutes such Grantees acknowledgment that all decisions 
and determinations of the Committee with respect to the Plan, these Terms 
and Conditions, and/or the Restricted Stock Units shall be final and 
binding on the Grantee, his or her beneficiaries, and any other person 
having or claiming an interest in such Restricted Stock Units. The 
settlement of any award with respect to Restricted Stock Units is subject 
to the provisions of the Plan and to interpretations, regulations, and 
determinations concerning the Plan as established from time to time by the 
Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. A copy of the Plan 
will be furnished to each Grantee upon request. Additional copies may be 
obtained from the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 1601 Market Street, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-2197.


11.    Income Taxes; Withholding Taxes.

The Grantee is solely responsible for the satisfaction of all taxes and 
penalties that may arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. At the time of taxation, the 
Company shall have the right to deduct from other compensation, or from 
amounts payable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, an amount 
equal to the federal (including FICA), state, local and foreign income and 
payroll taxes and other amounts as may be required by law to be withheld 
with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Subject to
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
approval by the Committee, taxes may be withheld upon settlement of the 
Restricted Stock Units by withholding shares of the Companys Common Stock, 
provided that any share withholding shall not exceed the Grantees minimum 
applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including FICA), state, local, 
and foreign tax liabilities, unless the Committee determines otherwise, 
consistent with the terms of the Plan.


12.    Governing Law.

The validity, construction, interpretation, and effect of this instrument 
shall exclusively be governed by, and determined in accordance with, the 
applicable laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflicts or choice 
of law rule or principle.


13.    Grant Subject to Applicable Laws and Company Policies.

These Terms and Conditions shall be subject to any required approvals by 
any governmental or regulatory agencies. This award of Restricted Stock 
Units shall also be subject to any applicable clawback or recoupment 
policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be 
implemented by the Board from time to time in accordance with applicable 
law. Notwithstanding anything in these Terms and Conditions to the 
contrary, the Plan, these Terms and Conditions, and the Restricted Stock 
Units awarded hereunder shall be subject to all applicable laws, including 
any laws, regulations, restrictions, or governmental guidance that becomes 
applicable in the event of the Companys participation in any governmental 
programs, and the Committee reserves the right to modify these Terms and 
Conditions and the Restricted Stock Units as necessary to conform to any 
restrictions imposed by any such laws, regulations, restrictions, or 
governmental guidance or to conform to any applicable clawback or 
recoupment policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be 
implemented by the Board from time to time. As a condition of participating 
in the Plan, and by the Grantees acceptance of the Restricted Stock Units, 
the Grantee is deemed to have agreed to any such modifications that may be 
imposed by the Committee, and agrees to sign such waivers or 
acknowledgments as the Committee may deem necessary or appropriate with 
respect to such modifications.


14.    Assignment.

These Terms and Conditions shall bind and inure to the benefit of the 
successors and assignees of the Company. The Grantee may not sell, assign, 
transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units, 
except to a Successor Grantee in the event of the Grantees death.


15.    Section 409A.

This award of Restricted Stock Units is intended to be exempt from or 
comply with the applicable requirements of section 409A of the Code and 
shall be administered in accordance with section 409A of the Code. 
Notwithstanding anything in these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, if 
the Restricted Stock Units constitute deferred compensation under section 
409A of the Code and the Restricted Stock Units become vested and settled 
upon the Grantees termination of employment, payment with respect to the 
Restricted Stock Units shall be delayed for a period of six months after 
the Grantees termination of employment if the Grantee is a specified 
employee as defined under section 409A of the Code (as determined by the
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Committee) and if required pursuant to section 409A of the Code. If payment 
is delayed, the shares of Common Stock of the Company shall be distributed 
within 30 days of the date that is the six-month anniversary of the 
Grantees termination of employment. If the Grantee dies during the 
six-month delay, the shares shall be distributed in accordance with the 
Grantees will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, payments made with 
respect to this award of Restricted Stock Units may only be made in a 
manner and upon an event permitted by section 409A of the Code, and all 
payments to be made upon a termination of employment hereunder may only be 
made upon a separation from service as defined under section 409A of the 
Code. To the extent that any provision of these Terms and Conditions would 
cause a conflict with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, or 
would cause the administration of the Restricted Stock Units to fail to 
satisfy the requirements of section 409A of the Code, such provision shall 
be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by applicable law. In no 
event shall a Grantee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year 
of payment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to 
execute and attest this instrument, and the Grantee has placed his or her 
signature hereon, effective as of the Grant Date set forth above.
 
 RADIAN GROUP INC.
 By:
 Name:
 Title:

By electronically acknowledging and accepting this award of Restricted 
Stock Units following the date of the Companys electronic notification to 
the Grantee, the Grantee (a) acknowledges receipt of the Plan incorporated 
herein, (b) acknowledges that he or she has read the Award Summary 
delivered in connection with this grant of Restricted Stock Units and these 
Terms and Conditions and understands the terms and conditions of them, (c) 
accepts the award of the Restricted Stock Units described in these Terms 
and Conditions, (d) agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and these 
Terms and Conditions, and (e) agrees that all decisions and determinations 
of the Committee with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall be final 
and binding.
 
7