 EX-10.9 3 filename3.htm
EXHIBIT 10.9
 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
 
This ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), effective as 
of October 31 2014, is made and entered into by and between Braeburn 
Pharmaceuticals BVBA SPRL, a private limited liability company existing 
under the laws of Belgium (Braeburn), and FX Therapeutics, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (FX).  Braeburn and FX are sometimes referred to 
herein as a Party or collectively as the Parties.
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, FX has an exclusive option to purchase from Endo Pharmaceuticals 
Inc. (Endo) certain assets relating to its MedLaunch Implant Program 
pursuant to that certain Option Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2014, by and 
between Endo and FX (as amended from time to time, and including all 
exhibits thereto, the Option Agreement);
 
WHEREAS, FX wishes to assign, grant, transfer and convey to Braeburn all of 
FXs right, title and interest in and to the Option Agreement, subject to 
the terms and conditions hereunder;
 
WHEREAS, Braeburn wishes to acquire all of FXs right, title and interest 
in and to, and assume all of FXs duties, liabilities and obligations 
arising under, in respect of or relating to, the Option Agreement, subject 
to the terms and conditions hereunder; and
 
WHEREAS, consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Option 
Agreement by Endo and Braeburn (the Asset Purchase Closing) no later than 
11:59 p.m., New York time, November 4, 2014 is a condition precedent to the 
effectiveness of this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the agreements and 
provisions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending 
to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.             Assignment and Assumption; Retained Liabilities.
 
(a)           Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of 
immediately prior and subject to the Asset Purchase Closing, FX assigns, 
grants, conveys and transfers to Braeburn all of FXs right, title and 
interest in and to the Option Agreement (the Assigned Rights), and 
Braeburn assumes and shall perform and discharge when due, all of FXs 
obligations and liabilities under the Option Agreement in accordance with 
the terms thereof (the Assumed Liabilities), other than any such 
obligations which were required to be performed by FX prior to the date of 
the Asset Purchase Closing or liabilities resulting from actions taken or 
omitted prior to the date of the Asset Purchase Closing (collectively, the 
Retained Liabilities)).
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
(b)           Except with respect to the Assumed Liabilities, Braeburn does 
not hereby assume any liabilities or obligations of FX of any kind, whether 
such liabilities or obligations relate to payment, performance or 
otherwise, whether matured or unmatured, known or unknown, whether 
contingent or otherwise, fixed or absolute, present, future or otherwise, 
it being understood that any of these liabilities and obligations of FX, 
including the Retained Liabilities, are hereby retained, and shall be paid, 
performed and/or discharged by FX.
 
2.             Representations and Warranties.  FX hereby represents and 
warrants to Braeburn as follows:
 
(a)           FX has made available to Braeburn a correct and complete copy 
of the Option Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Exhibit A of 
this Agreement;
 
(b)           the Option Agreement is legal, valid and binding on FX and 
Endo, is in full force and effect and enforceable against FX and Endo in 
accordance with its terms;
 
(c)           FX is not in breach of, or default under, the Option 
Agreement and, to the knowledge of FX, Endo is not in breach of or default 
thereunder, and no event has occurred that with due notice or the lapse of 
time or both would constitute a breach, default or violation by FX or Endo 
of any term, condition or provision of the Option Agreement;
 
(d)           FX has obtained the prior written consent of Endo to assign 
the Option Agreement to Braeburn as contemplated by this Agreement;
 
(e)           the execution, delivery and performance by FX of this 
Agreement does not and will not (as the case may be) violate or conflict 
with, or constitute a breach of or default under, result in the loss of any 
benefit under, permit the acceleration of any obligation under or create in 
Endo the right to terminate, modify or cancel the Option Agreement; and
 
(f)            on October 31, 2014, FX exercised the Option to purchase the 
Purchased Assets (as such terms are defined in the Option Agreement) in 
accordance with Section 1.4 of the Option Agreement.
 
3.             Payment of Consideration.  In consideration for the 
assignment of the Option Agreement hereunder, Braeburn shall pay to FX 
US$8,000,000, as promptly as commercially practicable but in any event not 
later than [***] days of the date of the Asset Purchase Closing, by wire 
transfer in immediately available funds to the following account:
 
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
[***]
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
4.             Further Assurances.  It is the intent of the Parties that 
all of FXs right, title and interest in, to and under the Option Agreement 
be conveyed, granted, transferred, assigned and delivered to Braeburn as 
set forth herein.  From time to time after the date hereof, at the request 
of Braeburn or FX, but without further consideration, Braeburn or FX, as 
the case may be, will each execute and deliver to the other Party such 
other instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer and take such 
other actions as Braeburn and/or FX reasonably may request in order to 
consummate the transactions contemplated herein.
 
5.             Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware 
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would 
cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the 
State of Delaware.
 
6.             Consent to Jurisdiction.  Each of the Parties hereby 
irrevocably consents and agrees that any suit, action or proceeding (a 
Proceeding) arising in connection with any disagreement, dispute, 
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement (a 
Legal Dispute) shall be brought only to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of the State of Delaware or the federal courts located in the State 
of Delaware.  The Parties agree that, after a Legal Dispute is before a 
court as specified in this Section 6 and during the pendency of the Legal 
Dispute before that court, all Proceedings with respect to the Legal 
Dispute or any other Legal Dispute, including any counterclaim, cross-claim 
or interpleader, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that 
court.  Each of the Parties hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, as a 
defense in any Legal Dispute, that it is not subject thereto or that the 
Proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in that court or that 
its property is exempt or immune from execution, that the Proceeding is 
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the Proceeding is 
improper.  Each Party hereto agrees that a final judgment in any Proceeding 
described in this Section 6 after the expiration of any period permitted 
for appeal and subject to any stay during appeal shall be conclusive and 
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any 
other manner provided by applicable law.
 
7.             Severability.  If any term or provision of this Agreement is 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision 
of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or 
provision in any other jurisdiction.  Upon determination that any term or 
other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties shall 
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the 
original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually 
acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be 
consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.
 
8.             Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, 
each and every one of which shall be deemed an original, notwithstanding 
variations in format or file designation which may result from the 
electronic transmission, storage and printing of copies of this Agreement 
from separate computers or printers.  Facsimile signatures and signatures 
transmitted via .pdf shall be treated as original signatures.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
9.             Entire Agreement.  This Agreement may not be amended, 
supplemented or otherwise modified except by an instrument in writing 
signed by Braeburn and FX.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement of 
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED 
WITH [***]. A COMPLETE VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN 
APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
 
IN WHITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed, as of the date first above written
 
 
BRAEBURN PHARMACEUTICALS BVBA SPRL
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
FX THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

