 EX-10.10 10 d101223dex1010.htm EX-10.10
Exhibit 10.10

TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).

Execution Version

AMENDED AND RESTATED CRUDE OIL GATHERING AGREEMENT

by and between

HESS TRADING CORPORATION,

as Shipper

and

HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES LLC,

as Gatherer

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
   	TABLE OF CONTENTS 	   	 	 	
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1
   	DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.1
   	Definitions 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.2
   	References and Rules of Construction 	   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 2
   	GATHERING SYSTEM; TERM 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.1
   	Gathering System 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.2
   	Term 	   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 3
   	SYSTEM SERVICES 	   	  	3 	  
   Section 3.1
   	System Services 	   	  	3 	  
   Section 3.2
   	Services Standard 	   	  	3 	  
   Section 3.3
   	Exchange of Information 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 3.4
   	Reports 	   	  	4 	  
 ARTICLE 4
   	DEDICATION OF PRODUCTION 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 4.1
   	Dedication 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 4.2
   	Conflicting Dedications 	   	  	5 	  
   Section 4.3
   	Releases from Dedication 	   	  	5 	  
   Section 4.4
   	Shippers Reservations 	   	  	6 	  
 ARTICLE 5
   	DEVELOPMENT PLAN; GATHERING SYSTEM PLAN; GATHERING SYSTEM EXPANSION AND 
CONNECTION OF WELLS 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 5.1
   	Development Plans 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 5.2
   	Gathering System Plans 	   	  	8 	  
   Section 5.3
   	Agreement on Proposed Development Plan and Gathering System Plan; 
Meetings; Amendments to Currently Agreed Development Plan and Gathering 
System Plan 	   	 	 	
   Section 5.4
   	Expansion of Gathering System; Committed Build-Outs 	   	  	13 	  
 ARTICLE 6
   	MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENT; SHORTFALL CREDITS 	   	  	14 	  
   Section 6.1
   	MVC 	   	  	14 	  
   Section 6.2
   	MVC Shortfall Credits 	   	  	14 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
   	TABLE OF CONTENTS 	   	 	 	
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 7
   	FEES; DEDUCTIONS 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 7.1
   	Fees 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 7.2
   	Product Losses 	   	  	18 	  
 ARTICLE 8
   	TENDER, NOMINATION AND GATHERING OF PRODUCTION 	   	  	19 	  
   Section 8.1
   	Priority of Service 	   	  	19 	  
   Section 8.2
   	Governmental Action 	   	  	19 	  
   Section 8.3
   	Tender of Dedicated Production and Additional Crude Oil 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 8.4
   	Nominations, Scheduling and Curtailment 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 8.5
   	Suspension/Shutdown of Service 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 8.6
   	Crude Oil Marketing and Transportation 	   	  	21 	  
   Section 8.7
   	Downstream Delivery Points 	   	  	21 	  
 ARTICLE 9
   	QUALITY AND PRESSURE SPECIFICATIONS 	   	  	21 	  
   Section 9.1
   	Quality Specifications 	   	  	21 	  
   Section 9.2
   	Pressure 	   	  	22 	  
 ARTICLE 10
   	TERMINATION 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 10.1
   	Termination 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 10.2
   	Effect of Termination or Expiration of the Term 	   	  	24 	  
   Section 10.3
   	Damages for Early Termination 	   	  	24 	  
 ARTICLE 11
   	TITLE AND CUSTODY 	   	  	24 	  
   Section 11.1
   	Title 	   	  	24 	  
   Section 11.2
   	Custody 	   	  	25 	  
 ARTICLE 12
   	BILLING AND PAYMENT 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 12.1
   	Invoices 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 12.2
   	Payments 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 12.3
   	Audit 	   	  	26 	  
 ARTICLE 13
   	REMEDIES 	   	  	26 	  
   Section 13.1
   	Suspension of Performance; Release from Dedication 	   	  	26 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
   Section 13.2
   	No Election 	   	  	26 	  
 ARTICLE 14
   	FORCE MAJEURE 	   	  	27 	  
   Section 14.1
   	Events of Force Majeure 	   	  	27 	  
   Section 14.2
   	Actions 	   	  	27 	  
   Section 14.3
   	Strikes, Etc 	   	  	28 	  
 ARTICLE 15
   	REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 15.1
   	Party Representations 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 15.2
   	Joint Representations 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 15.3
   	Applicable Laws 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 15.4
   	Government Authority Modification 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 15.5
   	Taxes 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 15.6
   	Exclusive Producer Purchase Right 	   	  	29 	  
 ARTICLE 16
   	INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 16.1
   	Custody and Control Indemnity 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 16.2
   	Shipper Indemnification 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 16.3
   	Gatherer Indemnification 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 16.4
   	Actual Direct Damages 	   	  	31 	  
   Section 16.5
   	Penalties 	   	  	31 	  
   Section 16.6
   	Insurance 	   	  	31 	  
 ARTICLE 17
   	ASSIGNMENT 	   	  	31 	  
   Section 17.1
   	Assignment of Rights and Obligations under this Agreement 	   	  	31 	  

   Section 17.2
   	Pre-Approved Assignment 	   	  	32 	  
 ARTICLE 18
   	SHIPPER GUARANTEE; ADEQUATE ASSURANCES 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 18.1
   	Shipper Guarantee 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 18.2
   	Adequate Assurances 	   	  	32 	  
 ARTICLE 19
   	MISCELLANEOUS 	   	  	33 	  
   Section 19.1
   	Relationship of the Parties 	   	  	33 	  
   Section 19.2
   	Notices; Voice Recording 	   	  	33 	  
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
   Section 19.3
   	Expenses 	   	  	34 	  
   Section 19.4
   	Waivers; Rights Cumulative 	   	  	34 	  
   Section 19.5
   	Confidentiality 	   	  	34 	  
   Section 19.6
   	Entire Agreement; Conflicts 	   	  	35 	  
   Section 19.7
   	Amendment 	   	  	35 	  
   Section 19.8
   	Governing Law; Disputes 	   	  	35 	  
   Section 19.9
   	Parties in Interest 	   	  	35 	  
   Section 19.10
   	Preparation of Agreement 	   	  	35 	  
   Section 19.11
   	Severability 	   	  	36 	  
   Section 19.12
   	Operating Terms 	   	  	36 	  
   Section 19.13
   	Counterparts 	   	  	36 	  
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
APPENDICES AND EXHIBITS
 
 APPENDIX I
   	
 OPERATING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 APPENDIX II
   	
 DEFINITIONS
 EXHIBIT A-1
   	
 GOLIATH SUBSYSTEM
 EXHIBIT A-2
   	
 HAWKEYE SUBSYSTEM
 EXHIBIT A-3
   	
 RED SKY SUBSYSTEM
 EXHIBIT A-4
   	
 SHORT-HAUL LINES
 EXHIBIT B-1
   	
 DEDICATED AREA; EXCLUDED FIELDS
 EXHIBIT B-2
   	
 DEDICATED CONTRACTS
 EXHIBIT C
   	
 CONFLICTING DEDICATIONS
 EXHIBIT D
   	
 CURRENT DEVELOPMENT PLAN
 EXHIBIT E
   	
 CURRENT GATHERING SYSTEM PLAN
 EXHIBIT F
   	
 CURRENT MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENTS
 EXHIBIT G-1
   	
 FEES
 EXHIBIT G-2
   	
 FEE RECALCULATION MODEL
 EXHIBIT G-3
   	
 SECONDARY TERM FEE
 EXHIBIT H
   	
 RECEIPT POINTS
 EXHIBIT I
   	
 DELIVERY POINTS
 EXHIBIT J
   	
 INSURANCE
 EXHIBIT K
   	
 NOTICE INFORMATION
 
v

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED CRUDE OIL GATHERING AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CRUDE OIL GATHERING AGREEMENT (as the same may be 
amended from time to time in accordance herewith, this Agreement) is made 
effective for all purposes (except as otherwise expressly set forth herein) 
as of January 1, 2014 at 12:01 a.m. CCT (the Effective Time), by and 
between Hess Trading Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Shipper), and 
Hess North Dakota Pipelines LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (
Gatherer). Shipper and Gatherer are sometimes together referred to in this 
Agreement as the Parties and individually as a Party.


RECITALS

WHEREAS, on (a) October 30, 2014, the Parties entered into that certain 
Crude Oil Gathering Agreement, dated effective as of the Effective Time, 
(b) April 2, 2015, the Parties entered into that certain First Amendment to 
Crude Oil Gathering Agreement, dated effective as of the Effective Time, 
(c) July 1, 2015, the Parties entered into that certain Second Amendment to 
Crude Oil Gathering Agreement, dated effective as of the Effective Time, 
and (d) December 2, 2016, the Parties entered into that certain Third 
Amendment to Crude Oil Gathering Agreement, dated effective as of the 
Effective Time (such agreement, as the same has been amended, modified or 
supplemented as of the date hereof pursuant to the amendments referenced 
above, the Original Agreement).

WHEREAS, Gatherer owns, operates and maintains the Gathering System (as 
defined herein), which allows Gatherer to gather Crude Oil (as defined 
herein) from various receipt point(s) and to redeliver Crude Oil to various 
delivery point(s).

WHEREAS, Shipper owns or Controls (as defined herein), and has the right to 
Tender (as defined herein), certain Crude Oil (such Crude Oil, Shipper 
Crude Oil) into the Gathering System, and Gatherer desires to provide the 
System Services (as defined herein) for the Shipper Crude Oil, on the terms 
and subject to the conditions in this Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement to 
modify certain terms and conditions set forth therein.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
AGREEMENTS

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, covenants, and 
conditions in this Agreement contained, Gatherer and Shipper hereby agree 
to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as follows:


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.1    Definitions. As used in this Agreement, capitalized words 
and terms shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Appendix II 
attached hereto.

Section 1.2    References and Rules of Construction. All references in this 
Agreement to Exhibits, Appendices, Articles, Sections, subsections and 
other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Exhibits, Appendices, 
Articles, Sections, subsections and other subdivisions of or to this 
Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise. Titles appearing at the 
beginning of any Articles, Sections, subsections and other subdivisions of 
this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of this 
Agreement, and shall be disregarded in construing the language hereof. The 
words this Agreement, herein, hereby, hereunder and hereof, and 
words of similar import, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any 
particular Article, Section, subsection or other subdivision unless 
expressly so limited. The word including (in its various forms) means 
including without limitation. All references to $ or dollars shall be 
deemed references to United States dollars. Each accounting term not 
defined herein will have the meaning given to it under generally accepted 
accounting principles. Pronouns in masculine, feminine or neuter genders 
shall be construed to state and include any other gender, and words, terms 
and titles (including terms defined herein) in the singular form shall be 
construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context 
otherwise requires. References to any Law means such Law as it may be 
amended from time to time.


ARTICLE 2
GATHERING SYSTEM; TERM

Section 2.1    Gathering System. The Gathering System means all of the 
Subsystems and all of the Short-Haul Lines, collectively (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any System Extensions with respect thereto). As of 
January 1, 2017, there are three existing Subsystems: (a) the Goliath 
Subsystem, which is the Crude Oil gathering system currently under 
construction that is owned by Gatherer and more particularly described on 
Exhibit A-1; (b) the Hawkeye Subsystem, which is the existing Crude Oil 
gathering system owned by Gatherer and more particularly described on 
Exhibit A-2; and (c) the Red Sky Subsystem, which is the existing Crude 
Oil gathering system owned by Gatherer and more particularly described on 
Exhibit A-3, in each case, as such Subsystems may be modified and/or 
extended from time to time, including pursuant to a System Extension. As of 
January 1, 2017, the Short-Haul Lines are the existing self-contained 
short-haul Crude Oil transportation lines owned by Gatherer and more 
particularly described on Exhibit A-4, in each case, as such Short-Haul 
Lines may be modified and/or extended from time to time, including pursuant 
to a System Extension.

Section 2.2    Term. Subject to earlier termination pursuant to Section 
10.1 (a) this Agreement shall commence at the Effective Time and shall 
remain in effect until the 10th anniversary of the Effective Time (the 
Initial Term), (b) Gatherer shall have the option, exercisable by the 
delivery of written Notice to Shipper on or before the date that is three 
Years prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, to renew this Agreement 
for one additional ten Year
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
period (such second ten Year period, the Secondary Term), and (c) 
thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive Yearly 
periods unless terminated by either Party through the delivery of written 
Notice to the other Party on or before the date that is 180 Days prior to 
the end of the Secondary Term or the then-current Yearly term, as 
applicable (the Initial Term, the Secondary Term and any subsequent Yearly 
renewal periods, collectively, the Term). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Shipper shall have the right to reject any election by Gatherer to renew 
this Agreement for the Secondary Term, and instead cause the termination of 
this Agreement at the end of the Initial Term, if and only if (i) the 
Provider under the TEXA does not elect to renew the TEXA past the end of 
the Initial Term hereunder, and (ii) Shipper rejects the Gatherers 
election to renew this Agreement for the Secondary Term within six Months 
of the 7th anniversary of the Effective Time. Should Gatherer elect to 
renew this Agreement for the Secondary Term pursuant to this Section 2.2 
(and Shipper, if applicable, does not reject such renewal election as set 
forth above), then, upon the beginning of the Secondary Term (and 
thereafter during the Term of this Agreement), the provisions of Section 
7.1(h) and Exhibit G-3 shall be applicable hereunder. For the avoidance of 
doubt, during the Initial Term the provisions of Section 7.1(h) and 
Exhibit G-3 shall not be applicable hereunder.


ARTICLE 3
SYSTEM SERVICES

Section 3.1    System Services. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement 
and rights of all applicable Governmental Authorities, during the Term, 
Gatherer shall provide, or cause to be provided, the following services 
with respect to Shipper Crude Oil, in each case, in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement (collectively, the System Services
):

(a)    Gathering Services, which means: (i) the receipt of Shipper Crude 
Oil Tendered by or on behalf of Shipper at the Receipt Points (other than 
the Injection Points); (ii) the gathering of such Shipper Crude Oil; (iii) 
the redelivery of such Crude Oil at the relevant Delivery Points (as 
Nominated by Shipper) for Shippers account, less Product Losses allocated 
to Shipper in accordance with this Agreement; and (iv) the metering of such 
Shipper Crude Oil at the Receipt Points (other than the Injection Points) 
and applicable Delivery Points;

(b)    Injection Services, which means: (i) the receipt of Shipper Crude 
Oil Tendered by or on behalf of Shipper at the Injection Points; (ii) the 
gathering of such Shipper Crude Oil; (iii) the redelivery of such Crude Oil 
at the relevant Delivery Points (as Nominated by Shipper) for Shippers 
account, less Product Losses allocated to Shipper in accordance with this 
Agreement; and (iv) the metering of such Shipper Crude Oil at the Injection 
Points and applicable Delivery Points; and

(c)    those other services to be performed by Gatherer in respect of 
Shipper Crude Oil as set forth in this Agreement.

Section 3.2    Services Standard. Gatherer agrees to own, operate, and 
maintain, at its sole cost, risk and expense, the Gathering System and the 
other facilities, in each case, necessary
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
to provide the System Services contemplated in this Agreement in accordance 
with the then-current Development Plan and Gathering System Plan and in a 
good and workmanlike manner in accordance with standards customary in the 
industry in the geographic area where the Gathering System is located.

Section 3.3    Exchange of Information. Each Party agrees to use its 
reasonable efforts to provide, on a timely basis, such information to the 
other Party as may be reasonably needed by such other Party to perform its 
obligations hereunder (including, in the case of Gatherer, to provide the 
System Services hereunder).

Section 3.4    Reports. Gatherer shall file all necessary reports and/or 
notices required by applicable Laws with respect to the performance by 
Gatherer of the System Services pursuant to this Agreement.


ARTICLE 4
DEDICATION OF PRODUCTION

Section 4.1    Dedication.

(a)    Subject to the provisions of Section 4.1 through Section 4.4 and 
Article 17, Shipper exclusively dedicates and commits to deliver to 
Gatherer under this Agreement all:

(i)    Shipper Crude Oil formerly owned or Controlled by Producer and 
produced from those oil and gas properties located in the area described on 
Exhibit B-1 (such area, as the same may be modified from time to time by 
the Parties hereunder, the Dedicated Area) that are operated by Producer 
or that are not operated by Producer, but from which Producer has elected 
to take its applicable production in-kind (such Crude Oil, Dedicated 
Producer Crude Oil); and

(ii)    Shipper Crude Oil that Shipper owns or Controls through one of the 
contracts described on Exhibit B-2, which shall be updated at least 
annually by the Parties as part of the Development Plan and Gathering 
System Plan process pursuant to Article 5 (such contracts, the Dedicated 
Contracts). Pending any formal amendment of Exhibit B-2 to update the list 
of Dedicated Contracts contained thereon, the Parties acknowledge and agree 
that Shippers delivery of Notice to Provider pursuant to Section 19.2 
indicating Shippers intent to dedicate a contract to Provider under this 
Agreement as a Dedicated Contract shall be sufficient to classify (A) 
such contract as a Dedicated Contract for all purposes hereunder until 
Exhibit B-2 is formally amended to include the same, and (B) all volumes 
owned or Controlled by Shipper pursuant to such contract and delivered to 
Provider hereunder (to the extent such volumes were delivered from and 
after the last update of Exhibit B-2 and prior to the delivery of such 
written notice or after the delivery of such written notice) as Dedicated 
Crude Oil for all purposes hereunder.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(b)    All Dedicated Producer Crude Oil and all Shipper Crude Oil subject 
to a Dedicated Contract that (i) is not described in Section 4.1(c)(i), 
(ii) is not subject to a Conflicting Dedication, (iii) has not been 
released (either temporarily or permanently) from dedication pursuant to 
Section 4.3, and (iv) has not been reserved and utilized by Shipper 
pursuant to Section 4.4, is referred to collectively hereunder as 
Dedicated Production.

(c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing:

(i)    any Dedicated Producer Crude Oil (A) that is produced from a well 
that was drilled and completed, and is operated, in each case, by a 
Non-Party that is not an Affiliate of Shipper, and (B) that such Non-Party 
operator (and not Shipper or any of Shippers Affiliates) markets under 
applicable contractual arrangements with respect to such well and such 
Shipper Crude Oil, shall not be considered Dedicated Production 
hereunder; and

(ii)    no Dedicated Contract may be amended, modified or otherwise 
supplemented by Shipper such that the volume of Dedicated Production 
resulting therefrom would be reduced without the prior written consent of 
Gatherer, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, 
that such restrictions shall not apply to (A) any termination or expiration 
of any such Dedicated Contract pursuant to its terms, or (B) the removal of 
any individual Well from the coverage of any such Dedicated Contract that, 
on average, produces less than 100 Barrels of Crude Oil a Month.

Section 4.2    Conflicting Dedications. Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary, Shipper shall have the right to comply with each 
gathering agreement or any commitment or arrangement (including any volume 
commitment) that would require any Shipper Crude Oil to be gathered on any 
gathering system or similar system other than the Gathering System (each, a 
Conflicting Dedication) that (a) is in effect as of January 1, 2017 and 
is described in Exhibit C, or (b) is applicable and in effect as of the 
date that Shipper acquires Control of any Crude Oil produced from lands 
covered by the Dedicated Area that was not under the Control of Shipper as 
of January 1, 2017. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Shipper shall only have 
the right to comply with the applicable Conflicting Dedication up to and 
until the first Day of the Month following the termination of such 
Conflicting Dedication (without giving effect to any right of Shipper to 
renew or extend the term of such Conflicting Dedication). For the avoidance 
of doubt, any Shipper Crude Oil that, but for a Conflicting Dedication, 
would be considered Dedicated Production hereunder, shall, automatically 
upon the termination of the applicable Conflicting Dedication, be 
considered Dedicated Production hereunder. As of January 1, 2017, Shipper 
represents that, except as set forth in Exhibit C, the Dedicated Production 
is not subject to any Conflicting Dedication.


Section 4.3    Releases from Dedication.

(a)    If Gatherer has failed to complete the facilities necessary to 
connect a Planned Receipt Point to the Gathering System within 180 Days of 
the applicable Target Completion Date contained in the then-currently 
agreed Gathering System Plan, then, upon written Notice from Shipper to 
Gatherer, the volumes of Dedicated Production applicable to such Planned
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Receipt Point shall be permanently released from the dedication under this 
Agreement and Shipper may deliver and commit such Shipper Crude Oil that 
was formerly Dedicated Production to such other gatherer or gatherers as it 
shall determine in its sole discretion.

(b)    Certain Dedicated Production may also be temporarily released from 
dedication under this Agreement in the event of:

(i)    (A) Gatherer failing to complete the facilities necessary to connect 
a Planned Receipt Point to the Gathering System by the applicable Target 
Completion Date contained in the then-currently agreed Gathering System 
Plan, and (B) such failure causing there to be insufficient capacity on the 
applicable Subsystem to accommodate the volumes of Dedicated Production 
contained in the applicable System Production Estimates applicable to such 
time and Subsystem;

(ii)    the Parties agreeing (whether pursuant to Section 5.3(e) or 
otherwise) upon the Target Completion Date for a Planned Receipt Point that 
is greater than three Months following the date on which Shipper requested 
that such Planned Receipt Point be operational in its applicable proposed 
Updated Development Plan delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a), as more 
particularly provided in Section 5.3(f)(i);

(iii)    any curtailment or interruption of the System Services to be 
provided to Shipper as set forth in Section 8.5(d) or in Section 1.5 of the 
Operating Terms;

(iv)    a material breach of this Agreement by Gatherer as provided in 
Section 13.1(b); or

(v)    an order of a Governmental Authority that causes the curtailment of 
System Services to Shipper as provided in Section 8.2.

(c)    Certain Dedicated Production may also be permanently released from 
dedication under this Agreement as expressly provided in Section 5.3(f)(ii)
.

Section 4.4    Shippers Reservations. Shipper reserves the following 
rights respecting Dedicated Producer Crude Oil and all Shipper Crude Oil 
subject to a Dedicated Contract for itself: to deliver or furnish to 
applicable operators such Shipper Crude Oil as a reasonable and prudent 
operator would deem appropriate or necessary for production operations.


ARTICLE 5
DEVELOPMENT PLAN; GATHERING SYSTEM PLAN; GATHERING SYSTEM EXPANSION AND 
CONNECTION OF WELLS

Section 5.1    Development Plans. Shipper has provided Gatherer with a 
report attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Current Development Plan) 
describing in detail, as of January 1, 2017, the planned development, 
drilling, and production activities to take place with respect to Dedicated 
Production for the applicable Development Period. The information contained 
in the
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Current Development Plan is broken out on a Subsystem-by-Subsystem basis 
and Short-Haul Line basis and, with respect to the first three Years 
covered by the Current Development Plan, on a Quarter-by-Quarter basis, and 
with respect to the remaining Years covered by the Current Development 
Plan, on a Year-by-Year basis. The Current Development Plan attached hereto 
has been approved by the Parties.

(a)    From time to time during each Year of the Term, the Parties shall 
meet to discuss the planned development, drilling, and production 
activities that Shipper expects to take place with respect to Dedicated 
Production for the then-applicable Development Period. Shipper and Gatherer 
shall each make their respective representatives available to participate 
in such meetings and discussions. No later than August 1 of each such Year, 
Shipper shall provide (or cause to be provided) to Gatherer a proposed 
update of the then-currently agreed Development Plan, prepared on the same 
basis as the Current Development Plan and describing in detail the planned 
development, drilling, and production activities to take place with respect 
to Dedicated Production for the then-applicable Development Period (any 
such update, an Updated Development Plan and, together with the Current 
Development Plan, each, a Development Plan).

(b)    Each proposed Development Plan shall include information as to the 
following, in each case, broken out on a Subsystem-by-Subsystem and 
Short-Haul Line basis and, with respect to the first three Years covered by 
such Development Plan, on a Quarter-by-Quarter basis, and, with respect to 
the remaining Years covered by such Development Plan, on a Year-by-Year 
basis:

(i)    all Wells that, as of the date such Development Plan was delivered, 
are currently in existence and (A) the production therefrom is being 
delivered into the Gathering System, or (B) are awaiting connection to the 
Gathering System;

(ii)    the Wells that are expected to be drilled during the time period 
covered by such Development Plan (each such Well reflected in such 
Development Plan, a Planned Well), and the estimated timing of the 
drilling of such Planned Wells;

(iii)    forward-looking production estimates for the applicable time 
period covered by such Development Plan for all Shipper Crude Oil (A) that 
Shipper reasonably and in good faith believes will become owned or 
Controlled by Shipper during the time period covered by such Development 
Plan, and/or (B) that will be produced from (I) in the aggregate, all Wells 
then-existing and (II) in the aggregate, any Planned Wells included in such 
Development Plan (such collective estimates described in subsections (A) 
and (B), both with respect to a particular Quarter and an entire Year, the 
Dedicated Production Estimates);

(iv)    (A) each new receipt point (including the location thereof) 
proposed by Shipper with respect to the Dedicated Production Estimate 
reflected in such Development Plan (each such receipt point, including 
those located at the site of a Planned Well, a Planned Receipt Point), 
(B) each Receipt Point at which Shipper expects to Tender
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Shipper Crude Oil reflected in such Development Plan into the Gathering 
System, and (C) the estimated portion of the Dedicated Production Estimate 
contained in such Development Plan that Shipper expects to Tender at each 
such Receipt Point and Planned Receipt Point;

(v)    the earliest date on which each Planned Well included in the 
Development Plan is estimated to be completed and producing, which date 
shall not be earlier than three Months after the January 1st that is 
immediately subsequent to the date that the Development Plan that initially 
reflected such Planned Well was delivered to Gatherer hereunder;

(vi)    the anticipated characteristics of the production from the Wells 
and Planned Wells reflected in such Development Plan and the projected 
production volumes and production pressures applicable thereto; provided 
that Shipper may utilize the existing and historical production information 
from similarly situated Wells;

(vii)    (A) each new delivery point (including the location thereof) 
proposed by Shipper with respect to the Dedicated Production Estimate 
reflected in such Development Plan (each such delivery point, a Planned 
Delivery Point), (B) each Delivery Point at which Shipper expects to 
Nominate Shipper Crude Oil produced from the Wells and Planned Wells 
reflected in such Development Plan to be redelivered to Shipper, and (C) 
the estimated portion of the Dedicated Production Estimate contained in 
such Development Plan that Shipper expects to Nominate to each such 
Delivery Point and Planned Delivery Point;

(viii)    any (A) proposed revision to the then-existing Dedicated Area 
and/or any then-existing Dedicated Contract and/or (B) any new contract 
that Shipper proposes to be a Dedicated Contract; and

(ix)    other information reasonably requested by Gatherer that is relevant 
to the design, construction, and operation of the Gathering System, 
including (A) any System Extension proposed by Shipper, (B) the relevant 
Receipt Point and Planned Receipt Point facilities applicable to such 
Development Plan, and (C) the relevant Downstream Facilities and Delivery 
Point and Planned Delivery Point facilities applicable to such Development 
Plan.

Section 5.2    Gathering System Plans. Gatherer has provided Shipper with a 
report attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Current Gathering System Plan) 
describing and/or depicting, as of January 1, 2017, the modifications, 
extensions, enhancements, major maintenance and/or other actions necessary 
in order for the Gathering System to be able to provide System Services to 
Shipper in accordance with the Current Development Plan. The Current 
Gathering System Plan attached hereto has been approved by the Parties.

(a)    From time to time during each Year of the Term, the Parties shall 
meet to discuss any modifications, extensions, enhancements, major 
maintenance and/or other actions necessary
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
in order for the Gathering System to be able to provide System Services to 
Shipper to meet the planned development, drilling, and production 
activities that Shipper expects to take place with respect to Dedicated 
Production for the then-applicable Development Period. Following the 
receipt of a proposed Updated Development Plan from Shipper, Gatherer shall 
(i) first develop and provide to Shipper a high-level summary and estimate 
of any proposed update to the Current Gathering System Plan or the 
then-currently agreed Gathering System Plan, as applicable, and (ii) 
subsequently (and as soon as reasonably practicable) following the delivery 
of such summary, develop and provide to Shipper a fully detailed version of 
such proposed update to the Current Gathering System Plan or the 
then-currently agreed Gathering System Plan, as applicable, describing 
and/or depicting the modifications, extensions, enhancements, major 
maintenance and/or other actions necessary in order for the Gathering 
System to be able to provide System Services to Shipper in accordance with 
the proposed Updated Development Plan (each such detailed plan, as the 
then-currently agreed plan may be updated or amended from time to time, a 
Gathering System Plan).

(b)    Each proposed Gathering System Plan shall include information as to 
the following:

(i)    each Subsystem and Short-Haul Line then-existing and operational;

(ii)    all Receipt Points, Planned Receipt Points, Delivery Points and 
Planned Delivery Points served or to be served by the Gathering System, 
including the contractual operating pressures and maximum operating 
pressures thereof;

(iii)    estimates (broken out on a Subsystem-by-Subsystem and Short-Haul 
Line basis) of all modifications, enhancements and/or extensions to the 
Gathering System (other than Maintenance Capital Expenditures and Operating 
Expenses) that (A) would be owned and operated by Gatherer and (B) would 
need to be constructed and/or placed into service hereunder to provide the 
System Services pursuant to the terms hereof (each, a System Extension), 
in each case, that are necessary in order for Gatherer to provide the 
System Services to Shipper Crude Oil as set forth in the applicable 
Development Plan (the Committed Build-Outs);

(iv)    the estimated schedule for completing the construction and 
installation of the planned Committed Build-Outs (such estimate, with 
respect to each such Committed Build-Out, the Target Completion Date); 
and

(v)    the estimated changes to the Fees that would result if a Party made 
a Recalculation Election as a result of such updated Gathering System Plan 
and applicable Updated Development Plan.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(c)    Simultaneously with the delivery of any proposed Gathering System 
Plan, Gatherer shall also prepare and deliver to Shipper a report 
containing the following budget and schedule information with respect to 
the applicable proposed Gathering System Plan (each, a System Budget):

(i)    the estimated budgeted amounts (other than Maintenance Capital 
Expenditures and Operating Expenses) for the construction and installation 
of the planned Committed Build-Outs contained in the applicable Gathering 
System Plan (such amounts, collectively, Committed Build-Out Costs and 
each such estimate, a Committed Build-Out Estimate);

(ii)    the estimated budgeted amounts for all Maintenance Capital 
Expenditures that Gatherer believes will be necessary to provide the System 
Services as contemplated by the applicable Development Plan and Gathering 
System Plan, including with respect to all Committed Build-Outs included 
therein (each such estimate, a Maintenance Capital Estimate);

(iii)    the estimated budgeted amounts for all operating expenses that 
Gatherer believes will be necessary to provide the System Services as 
contemplated by the applicable Development Plan and Gathering System Plan, 
including with respect to all Committed Build-Outs included therein (each 
such estimate, an Operating Expense Estimate); and

(iv)    an estimated schedule of all maintenance that Gatherer deems 
necessary or advisable to perform on the Gathering System in the next Year 
in order to provide the System Services set forth in the applicable 
Development Plan and Gathering System Plan, including with respect to all 
Committed Build-Outs included therein.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Gatherer shall be entitled 
to update any System Budget (and any or all of its constituent subparts) 
following the agreement of the Parties on any proposed Updated Development 
Plan and its corresponding proposed Gathering System Plan pursuant to 
Section 5.3(a).

Section 5.3    Agreement on Proposed Development Plan and Gathering System 
Plan; Meetings; Amendments to Currently Agreed Development Plan and 
Gathering System Plan.

(a)    The Parties shall use their good faith efforts to agree upon a 
proposed Updated Development Plan and corresponding proposed Gathering 
System Plan on or before December 31st of the Year in which such Updated 
Development Plan was first delivered to Gatherer. Any failure to agree upon 
a proposed Updated Development Plan and its corresponding proposed 
Gathering System Plan by such date shall mean the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan and Gathering System Plan shall remain in force until such 
time as they are replaced by a mutually agreed Updated Development Plan and 
updated Gathering System Plan, respectively.

(b)    Shipper shall make representatives of Shipper available to discuss 
the proposed Updated Development Plan from time to time with Gatherer and 
its representatives at Gatherers request. Gatherer shall make 
representatives of Gatherer available to discuss the proposed Gathering 
System Plan from time to time with Shipper and its representatives at 
Shippers request.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(c)    The Parties and their respective representatives shall meet not less 
frequently than quarterly during the Term. At all such meetings, the 
Parties shall exchange updated information about the plans for the 
development and expansion of the properties producing the then-existing 
Dedicated Production, including amendments to the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan, and the Gathering System, including amendments to the 
then-currently agreed Gathering System Plan and then-current System Budget, 
and shall have the opportunity to discuss and provide comments on the other 
Partys plans.

(d)    Shipper may deliver to Gatherer, from time to time, a proposed 
amendment to the then-currently agreed Development Plan. Following delivery 
of such proposed amendment, the Parties shall meet to discuss the adoption 
of any amendments proposed by Shipper and use their respective good faith 
efforts to reach agreement on any such proposed amendment and any necessary 
corresponding amendments to the then-currently agreed Gathering System 
Plan. Upon the agreement of the Parties upon any such amendment to the 
then-currently agreed Development Plan (and any necessary corresponding 
amendments to the then-currently agreed Gathering System Plan), Gatherer 
shall be entitled to update the applicable System Budget to reflect such 
agreed-upon amendments.

(e)    Should the Parties be unable to reach agreement on (w) any proposed 
Updated Development Plan or corresponding updated Gathering System Plan 
pursuant to Section 5.3(a), (x) any proposed amendment to the 
then-currently agreed Development Plan and/or any necessary corresponding 
amendments to the then-currently agreed Gathering System Plan pursuant to 
Section 5.3(d), (y) whether or not to extend all or a portion of the 
Temporary Release, or (z) the decision to install any additional facilities 
as contemplated pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms (and/or 
any amendments to the then-current Gathering System Plan that would be 
needed to incorporate the installation of such additional facilities), then 
either Party may elect, by delivering written Notice to the other Party 
(each, an Executive Election) to invoke the following provisions with 
respect to such disputed amendments or facilities, as applicable:

(i)    any Executive Election delivered hereunder shall include (A) the (1) 
proposed Updated Development Plan and/or proposed corresponding updated 
Gathering System Plan that such electing Party proposes be adopted, (2) 
amendment to the then-currently agreed Development Plan and/or Gathering 
System Plan that such electing Party proposes be adopted, (3) proposed 
portion(s) of the Temporary Release, if any, that should be extended in 
accordance with Exhibit B-1, or (4) additional facilities contemplated 
pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms that such electing Party 
proposes be installed (and/or any amendments to the then-current Gathering 
System Plan that would be needed to incorporate the installation of such 
additional facilities), as applicable, and (B) the name and title of (1) 
the executive who (x) has the authority to settle such dispute, (y) is at a 
Vice President or higher level of management and (z) is at a higher level 
of management than the Persons with direct responsibility for 
administration of this Agreement or the amendments in dispute (any such 
Person, an Executive Representative) of such electing Party who will 
represent such electing Party in resolving such dispute and (2) any other 
Person who will accompany such Executive Representative;
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(ii)    within 15 Days after a Partys receipt of the applicable Executive 
Election, the receiving Party shall submit to the electing Party a written 
response to such Executive Election that includes (A) the (1) proposed 
Updated Development Plan and/or proposed corresponding updated Gathering 
System Plan that such electing Party proposes be adopted, (2) amendment to 
the then-currently agreed Development Plan and/or Gathering System Plan 
that such responding Party proposes be adopted, (3) proposed portion(s) of 
the Temporary Release, if any, that should be extended in accordance with 
Exhibit B-1, or (4) additional facilities contemplated pursuant to Section 
1.1(b) of the Operating Terms that such electing Party proposes be 
installed (and/or any amendments to the then-current Gathering System Plan 
that would be needed to incorporate the installation of such additional 
facilities), as applicable, and (B) the name and title of (1) the Executive 
Representative of such responding Party who will represent such responding 
Party in resolving such dispute and (2) any other Person who will accompany 
such Executive Representative;

(iii)    the Parties shall then attempt in good faith to resolve the 
applicable dispute by negotiations between their respective Executive 
Representatives; and

(iv)    such Executive Representatives of the Parties shall meet at least 
weekly (or as more often as they reasonably deem necessary), at a mutually 
acceptable time and place, until the applicable dispute has been resolved.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event 
shall Gatherer be required to agree to any Updated Development Plan and 
corresponding updated Gathering System Plan that contains a Committed 
Build-Out that (x) has a corresponding Target Completion Date that occurs 
after the end of the Initial Term, and (y) Gatherer, in its sole 
discretion, does not wish to approve, whether pursuant to an Executive 
Election and the related provisions of this Section 5.3(e) or otherwise.

(f)    In the event that any agreed-upon (whether pursuant to Section 
5.3(e) or otherwise) Updated Development Plan and corresponding updated 
Gathering System Plan either (x) contain a Committed Build-Out with respect 
to a Planned Receipt Point, but the Target Completion Date with respect 
thereto is more than three Months following the date on which Shipper 
requested that such Planned Receipt Point be operational in its proposed 
Updated Development Plan delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a), or (y) do 
not contain a Committed Build-Out with respect to a Planned Receipt Point 
that was included by Shipper in its proposed Updated Development Plan 
delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a), then:

(i)    in the circumstances described above in Section 5.3(f)(x), Shipper 
shall be entitled to a temporary release from dedication hereunder of the 
Dedicated Production that would utilize such Planned Receipt Point, with 
such temporary release (A) being effective as of the date that Shipper 
requested such Planned Receipt Point to be
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
operational in its proposed Updated Development Plan delivered pursuant to 
Section 5.1(a), and (B) ending on the latter of (1) the Target Completion 
Date of the applicable Committed Build-Out as contained in such agreed-upon 
Updated Development Plan and corresponding updated Gathering System Plan, 
and (2) the date such Committed Build-Out is actually completed and placed 
into service; or

(ii)    in the circumstances described above in Section 5.3(f)(y), if the 
date on which Shipper requested that such Planned Receipt Point be 
operational in its proposed Updated Development Plan delivered pursuant to 
Section 5.1(a) falls in the Initial Term, then Shipper shall be entitled to 
a permanent release from dedication hereunder of the Dedicated Production 
that would utilize such Planned Receipt Point, with such permanent release 
being effective as of the date during the Initial Term that Shipper 
requested such Planned Receipt Point be operational in its proposed Updated 
Development Plan delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a).


Section 5.4    Expansion of Gathering System; Committed Build-Outs.

(a)    Gatherer shall, at its sole cost and expense, design, construct and 
operate all Committed Build-Outs contained in the then-currently agreed 
Gathering System Plan for the purpose of providing System Services in 
accordance with this Agreement.

(b)    Gatherer is responsible, at its sole cost, for the acquisition and 
maintenance of rights of way, surface use and/or surface access agreements 
necessary to construct, own and operate the Gathering System and provide 
the System Services hereunder (including any Committed Build-Outs); 
provided, however, that in the event (i) any right of way, surface use 
and/or surface access agreement necessary to construct, own or operate any 
Committed Build-Out cannot be obtained by Gatherer on terms and conditions 
reasonably acceptable to Gatherer, and (ii) Shipper cannot facilitate 
Gatherers receipt of any such necessary right of way, surface use and/or 
surface access agreement on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to 
Gatherer, then Gatherer shall not be obligated to complete such Committed 
Build-Out. Gatherer agrees to provide Shipper with quarterly updates as to 
the progress of any then-approved Committed Build-Outs. Additionally, 
should Gatherer reasonably believe that any Committed Build-Out will not be 
completed and placed in-service by the applicable Target Completion Date 
reflected in the applicable Gathering System Plan, Gatherer shall send 
written Notice to Shipper of such delay promptly upon Gatherers 
determination that such delay will be reasonably likely to occur.

(c)    The Parties agree to work together in good faith to obtain the 
necessary permits and authorizations from the appropriate Governmental 
Authorities and the necessary consents, rights of way and other 
authorizations from other Persons necessary to construct, own and operate 
each Committed Build-Out as expeditiously as reasonably practicable. The 
Parties further agree to cooperate with each other and to communicate 
regularly regarding their efforts to obtain such permits, authorizations, 
consents and rights of way.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(d)    Upon the completion of any Committed Build-Out constituting a 
Planned Receipt Point or a Planned Delivery Point, the Parties shall amend 
Exhibit H or Exhibit I, as applicable, to include such new Receipt Point or 
Delivery Point.


ARTICLE 6
MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENT; SHORTFALL CREDITS

Section 6.1    MVC. For each Quarter during the Term, Shipper shall be 
obligated to Tender for delivery into each Subsystem a minimum volume of 
Shipper Crude Oil (each such minimum amount with respect to each Subsystem, 
a Minimum Volume Commitment or MVC). The MVCs for each Subsystem for 
the Quarters occurring in Year 2017 are set forth on Exhibit F attached 
hereto. Following Year 2016, the MVCs with respect to each Subsystem for 
any Quarter occurring in the then-subsequent three Year period shall be 
equal to 80% of the applicable Dedicated Production Estimate for such 
Quarter and such Subsystem contained in the then-currently agreed 
Development Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing and regardless of the 
Dedicated Production Estimates with respect to any such Quarter included in 
any Updated Development Plan thereafter, the MVC for such Quarter and 
Subsystem contained in any prior Development Plan shall not be reduced by 
such Updated Development Plan (but the applicable MVC volumes may be 
increased). Should any Dedicated Production be released (either permanently 
or temporarily) from the dedication contained in this Agreement pursuant to 
Section 4.3, the then-applicable MVC shall be proportionately reduced by 
the portion of the then-current Dedicated Production Estimate so released. 
Should any such temporary release from dedication expire, then, upon such 
expiration, the then-applicable MVC shall be proportionately increased by 
the portion of the applicable Dedicated Production Estimate that is no 
longer released from dedication hereunder.

(a)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to all 
periods prior to January 1, 2017, the definition of MVC contained in the 
Original Agreement and the MVC mechanisms contained in Section 6.1 of the 
Original Agreement shall, in each case, remain applicable hereunder.

Section 6.2    MVC Shortfall Credits. If Shipper pays any Shortfall Fee 
with respect to any Quarter in the Secondary Term or thereafter, then, 
subject to the other provisions of this Section 6.2, for a period of four 
full Quarters from the date such Shortfall Fee was accrued, Shipper shall 
be entitled to a credit with respect to the Fees payable by Shipper during 
any such Quarter in connection with volumes of Shipper Crude Oil Tendered 
by Shipper or for Shippers account into the Receipt Points attributable to 
the applicable Subsystem for which such Shortfall Fee was incurred during 
any such Quarter, but only to the extent such volumes are in excess of the 
applicable Dedicated Production Estimate for such Subsystem and such 
Quarter (each such volume credit, stated in Barrels, a MVC Shortfall 
Credit).

(a)    During any subsequent Quarter in which an earned MVC Shortfall 
Credit may be utilized by Shipper, Shipper may only utilize such MVC 
Shortfall Credit for volumes of Shipper Crude Oil delivered into the 
applicable Subsystem in excess of the applicable Dedicated Production 
Estimate for such Subsystem and such Quarter as contained in the 
then-currently agreed Development Plan.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(b)    The use of a MVC Shortfall Credit shall result in Shipper not being 
obligated to pay any Fee attributable to volumes of Shipper Crude Oil, 
stated in Barrels, delivered into the Receipt Points applicable to such 
Subsystem, but only up to the amount of such MVC Shortfall Credit and only 
with respect to volumes of Shipper Crude Oil in excess of the applicable 
Dedicated Production Estimate for such Subsystem and such Quarter as 
contained in the then-currently agreed Development Plan.

(c)    Each MVC Shortfall Credit shall expire at the end of the fourth full 
Quarter following the date on which the applicable Shortfall Fee was 
accrued.

(d)    Gatherer shall be responsible for keeping records and balances of 
any applicable MVC Shortfall Credits that have been earned by Shipper and 
providing such balances to Shipper upon Shippers request.

(e)    The Parties agree that, as of December 31, 2016, there shall be no 
outstanding MVC Shortfall Credits (as such term is defined in the 
Original Agreement), and any such amounts that (i) have accrued on or prior 
to December 31, 2016 pursuant to the Original Agreement, but (ii) have not 
(or cannot) be utilized by Shipper hereunder with respect to Shipper Crude 
Oil Tendered to the Gathering System prior to December 31, 2016, shall be 
of no further force and effect and shall not be given any application 
hereunder. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary but subject to 
the first sentence of this Section 6.2(e), with respect to all periods 
prior to January 1, 2017, the definition of MVC Shortfall Credits 
contained in the Original Agreement and the MVC Shortfall Credit mechanisms 
contained in Section 6.2 and elsewhere of the Original Agreement shall, in 
each case, remain applicable hereunder.


ARTICLE 7
FEES; DEDUCTIONS

Section 7.1    Fees. The Fees to be paid by Shipper to Gatherer for the 
performance of the System Services are set forth in this Section 7.1.

(a)    Subject to the provisions of Section 6.2 (but only with respect to 
periods prior to January 1, 2017 and with respect to the Secondary Term 
thereafter), each Month, Shipper shall pay to Gatherer the following fees 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for the Gathering Services 
provided by Gatherer with respect to Shipper Crude Oil received by Gatherer 
from Shipper or for Shippers account during such Month:

(i)    with respect to Shipper Crude Oil received into a Receipt Point on 
the Goliath Subsystem: (A) the aggregate volume of Shipper Crude Oil 
received by Gatherer from Shipper or for Shippers account at the 
applicable Receipt Points during such Month, stated in Barrels, multiplied 
by (B) the Goliath Gathering Fee;
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(ii)    with respect to Shipper Crude Oil received into a Receipt Point on 
the Hawkeye Subsystem: (A) the aggregate volume of Shipper Crude Oil 
received by Gatherer from Shipper or for Shippers account at the 
applicable Receipt Points during such Month, stated in Barrels, multiplied 
by (B) the Hawkeye Gathering Fee; and

(iii)    with respect to Shipper Crude Oil received into a Receipt Point on 
the Red Sky Subsystem: (A) the aggregate volume of Shipper Crude Oil 
received by Gatherer from Shipper or for Shippers account at the 
applicable Receipt Points during such Month, stated in Barrels, multiplied 
by (B) the Red Sky Gathering Fee.

(b)    Each Month, Shipper shall pay to Gatherer the following fees in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement for the Injection Services 
provided by Gatherer with respect to Shipper Crude Oil received by Gatherer 
from Shipper or for Shippers account during such Month: (i) the aggregate 
volume of Shipper Crude Oil received by Gatherer from Shipper or for 
Shippers account at the applicable Injection Points during such Month, 
stated in Barrels, multiplied by (ii) the Injection Fee.

(c)    For any Quarter, should Shipper fail to Tender an aggregate volume 
of Shipper Crude Oil to Gatherer at the Receipt Points for any Subsystem 
equal to the Goliath MVC, the Hawkeye MVC or the Red Sky MVC, as 
applicable, for such Quarter, then Shipper shall pay to Gatherer the 
following fees in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as a result 
of such shortfall (such fee, a Shortfall Fee): (i) (A) the 
then-applicable MVC for such Subsystem, minus (B) the aggregate volumes, 
stated in Barrels, of Shipper Crude Oil actually delivered into such 
Subsystem at the applicable Receipt Points by Shipper or for Shippers 
account during such Quarter, minus (C) the aggregate volumes, stated in 
Barrels, of Dedicated Production Tendered for delivery by Shipper or on 
Shippers account into such Subsystem at the applicable Receipt Points 
during such Quarter but not received into the Gathering System by Gatherer 
due to reasons of Force Majeure or curtailment, minus (D) the aggregate 
volumes, stated in Barrels, of Dedicated Producer Crude Oil not Tendered 
for delivery by Shipper or on Shippers account into such Subsystem at the 
applicable Receipt Points during such Quarter due to reasons of a Force 
Majeure event affecting Shipper that Gatherer has accepted as a Force 
Majeure event hereunder, multiplied by (ii) the Gathering Fee applicable to 
such Subsystem.

(d)    If any Updated Development Plan contains, for any Year, a Dedicated 
Production Estimate that is at least 15% greater than the Dedicated 
Production Estimate for such Year contained in the most recent previously 
agreed-upon Development Plan, then Gatherer shall have the right, at its 
sole discretion, to elect to permanently increase the Return on Capital by 
two percent (2%) for each 15% increase represented by such Dedicated 
Production Estimate. Such right must be exercised by Gatherer prior to the 
start of the Year to which such Updated Development Plan that triggered the 
provisions of this Section 7.1(d) first applies, and absent such exercise 
by Gatherer such right to increase the Return on Capital shall be deemed 
waived by Gatherer.

(e)    At any time on or prior to January 15th of each Year, either Party 
may make an election to have the then-currently agreed Fees recalculated 
with respect to such Year (a
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Recalculation Election); provided, that, prior to the date such 
Recalculation Election is made, the Parties shall have agreed upon an 
Updated Development Plan for such Year or the Parties shall have been 
unable to agree upon an Updated Development Plan for such Year. Upon a 
Recalculation Election being made, the Fees will be recalculated based upon 
such then-currently agreed Development Plan. Any such recalculation shall 
be based on the model attached hereto as Exhibit G-2, which takes into 
account:

(i)    the aggregate volumes of Dedicated Production (including volumes of 
Crude Oil that Shipper intends to dedicate pursuant to a new Dedication 
Contract but for which Exhibit B-2 has not yet been amended pursuant to 
Section 4.1(a)(ii)) contained in a Dedicated Production Estimate that have 
actually been delivered by Shipper into the Receipt Points, in each case, 
prior to such Year during the Term; provided, however, that such aggregate 
volumes shall not, for purposes of the recalculation (A) exceed the 
applicable Dedicated Production Estimates for such Years as contained in 
the applicable Development Plans or (B) be deemed to be lower than the 
applicable MVC for such Years as contained in the applicable Development 
Plans;

(ii)    any Committed Build-Out Costs actually incurred by Gatherer prior 
to such Year during the Term, regardless whether or not such amounts are 
less than, equal to or greater than the applicable Committed Build-Out 
Estimates for such Years;

(iii)    the Committed Build-Out Estimates contained in the then-current 
System Budget for the current and future Years;

(iv)    the Maintenance Capital Estimates (A) for the previous Years of the 
Term as contained in the System Budgets applicable to such Years, and (B) 
contained in the then-current System Budget for the current and future 
Years;

(v)    the Operating Expense Estimates (A) for the previous Years of the 
Term as contained in the System Budgets applicable to such Years, and (B) 
contained in the then-current System Budget for the current and future 
Years;

(vi)    the Historical Capital Expenditures;

(vii)    the Dedicated Production Estimates;

(viii)    the then-current Return on Capital; and

(ix)    the percentage change, from the preceding Year, in the Consumer 
Price Index as published by the Department of Labor, in the subsection 
titled Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (such index, the 
CPI). For purposes of any Recalculation Election and notwithstanding 
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, (A) no increase or decrease to 
any Fee resulting solely from a CPI adjustment shall exceed 3.0% for any 
given Year, and (B) no Fee shall ever be decreased as a result of any 
applicable CPI percentage change below the original amount of such Fee set 
forth in Exhibit G-1 for Year 2014.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(f)    Any Fees recalculated under Section 7.1(e) shall apply as of January 
1st of the Year to which the relevant Updated Development Plan leading to 
such Recalculation Election first applies, and shall remain in effect for 
the remainder of the Term until such Fees may subsequently be 
re-calculated pursuant to Section 7.1(e).

(g)    Following any (i) Recalculation Election made pursuant to Section 
7.1(e), (ii) determination of any Fee pursuant to Section 7.1(h) (once such 
Section of this Agreement becomes applicable hereunder), or (iii) other 
agreement by the Parties upon any changes to any Fee hereunder, whether 
such changes are agreed pursuant to an agreed Updated Development Plan and 
related updated Gathering System Plan or otherwise, in each case, the 
Parties shall update Exhibit G-1 to reflect such updated Fee amount(s).

(h)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, 
effective as of the first Year of the Secondary Term:

(i)    each Fee hereunder shall be recalculated for each Year, effective as 
of January 1 of each Year, in accordance with the provisions of Exhibit 
G-3 attached hereto; and

(ii)    the provisions of Section 5.2(b)(v), Section 7.1(d), Section 7.1(e) 
and Section 7.1(f) shall no longer be applicable hereunder and such 
Sections shall be disregarded for all purposes of this Agreement.

(i)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to all 
periods prior to January 1, 2017, the definition of Fee and its 
constituent sub-definitions contained in the Original Agreement and the Fee 
mechanisms set forth in Section 7.1(a) through 7.1(h) of the Original 
Agreement shall, in each case, remain applicable hereunder with respect to 
the System Services provided prior to January 1, 2017.

Section 7.2    Product Losses. Shipper acknowledges that certain volumetric 
losses of Shipper Crude Oil will occur even if the System Services are 
conducted in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.2, and such losses 
attributable to Product Losses shall be shared and allocated among all 
shippers utilizing each Subsystem of the Gathering System in the proportion 
that each such shipper Tenders Crude Oil into such Subsystem at the 
applicable Receipt Points. Shipper shall bear all Product Losses or gains 
that may occur while any Shipper Crude Oil is in the Gathering System. 
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, from and after 
the fourth anniversary of the Effective Time, Shipper shall only bear 
Product Losses pursuant to this Section 7.2 up to the Product Loss 
Allowance, and Gatherer shall bear all Product Losses in excess of the 
Product Loss Allowance.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 8
TENDER, NOMINATION AND GATHERING OF PRODUCTION

Section 8.1    Priority of Service.

(a)    All Dedicated Production Tendered to the Receipt Points shall, up to 
an aggregate volume of **% of the then-current total capacity of each 
Subsystem and/or Short-Haul Line, as applicable, be entitled to Anchor 
Shipper Firm Service.

(b)    All Additional Crude Oil shall, only to the extent such volumes of 
Additional Crude Oil (together with all quantities of Dedicated Production 
Tendered to the applicable Subsystem) are both (i) needed by Shipper to 
fulfill the then-applicable MVC for such Subsystem, and (ii) less than or 
equal to **% of the then-current total capacity of such Subsystem, be 
entitled to Anchor Shipper Firm Service.

(c)    All Additional Crude Oil shall, to the extent such volumes of 
Additional Crude Oil (together with all other quantities of Shipper Crude 
Oil Tendered to the applicable Subsystem, including any Dedicated 
Production) are in excess of the then-applicable MVC for such Subsystem, 
but less than or equal to **% of the then-current total capacity of such 
Subsystem, be entitled to Firm Service.

(d)    All Additional Crude Oil shall, to the extent such volumes of 
Additional Crude Oil (together with all other quantities of Shipper Crude 
Oil Tendered to the applicable Short-Haul Lines, including any Dedicated 
Production) are less than or equal to **% of the then-current total 
capacity of such Short-Haul Line, be entitled to Firm Service.

(e)    All Additional Crude Oil not described in subsections (b) through 
(d) above shall only be entitled to Interruptible Service.

Section 8.2    Governmental Action. In the event any Governmental Authority 
issues an order requiring Gatherer to allocate capacity on the Gathering 
System to another shipper, Gatherer shall do so by (a) first, reducing 
Crude Oil entitled to Interruptible Service, (b) second, reducing Crude Oil 
entitled to Firm Service, and shall only curtail receipts of Crude Oil 
entitled to Firm Service (which curtailment shall be done in accordance 
with Section 8.5) to the extent necessary to allocate such capacity as 
required by the Governmental Authority to such other shipper, after 
complete curtailment of Interruptible Service, and (c) third, reducing 
Crude Oil entitled to Anchor Shipper Firm Service, and shall only curtail 
receipts of Crude Oil entitled to Anchor Shipper Firm Service (which 
curtailment shall be done in accordance with Section 8.5) to the extent 
necessary to allocate such capacity as required by the Governmental 
Authority to such other shipper, after complete curtailment of 
Interruptible Service and Firm Service. In such event Gatherer shall not be 
in breach or default of its obligations under the Agreement and shall have 
no liability to Shipper in connection with or resulting from any such 
curtailment; provided, however, that Gatherer shall, at Shippers request, 
temporarily release from the dedication under this Agreement all of 
Shippers volumes of Dedicated Production interrupted or curtailed as the 
result of such allocation, but only for the duration of such mandated 
allocation. Notwithstanding
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
the foregoing, should any Governmental Authority issue an order requiring 
Gatherer to allocate capacity on the Gathering System to a shipper other 
than Shipper, Gatherer agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
cooperate with, and support, Shipper in such actions that Shipper may in 
good faith take against such Governmental Authority and/or order; provided, 
however, that Gatherer shall not be required to cooperate in any such 
undertaking that Gatherer, in its good faith opinion, believes would 
materially and adversely affect Gatherer or the Gathering System.

Section 8.3    Tender of Dedicated Production and Additional Crude Oil. 
Subject to Article 14 and all applicable Laws, each Day during the Term 
Shipper shall Tender to the Gathering System at each applicable Receipt 
Point all of the Dedicated Production available to Shipper at such Receipt 
Point up to the applicable capacity of such Receipt Point. Shipper shall 
have the right to Tender to Gatherer for System Services under this 
Agreement Additional Crude Oil; provided that, subject to Section 8.1, any 
such Additional Crude Oil shall only be entitled to Interruptible Service 
unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties.

Section 8.4    Nominations, Scheduling and Curtailment. Nominations and 
scheduling of Crude Oil available for, and interruptions and curtailment 
of, System Services under this Agreement shall be performed in accordance 
with the applicable Operating Terms set forth in Appendix I.


Section 8.5    Suspension/Shutdown of Service.

(a)    During any period when all or any portion of the Gathering System is 
shut down because of necessary maintenance, repairs or modifications or 
Force Majeure or because such shutdown is necessary to avoid injury or harm 
to persons, property, the environment, or the integrity of the Gathering 
System, receipts and/or deliveries of Shipper Crude Oil may be curtailed as 
set forth in Section 1.5 of the Operating Terms. In such cases, Gatherer 
shall have no liability to Shipper, except to the extent such shut down is 
caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Gatherer (and then 
Gatherer shall have liability only to the extent of such gross negligence 
or willful misconduct).

(b)    Gatherer shall have the right to curtail or interrupt receipts and 
deliveries of Crude Oil for brief periods to perform necessary maintenance 
of and repairs or modifications to (including modifications required to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement) the Gathering System; 
provided, however, that Gatherer shall use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to (i) coordinate its maintenance, repair, and modification 
operations on the Gathering System with the operations of Shipper and (ii) 
schedule maintenance, repair, and modification operations on the Gathering 
System so as to avoid or minimize, to the greatest extent possible, service 
curtailments or interruptions on the Gathering System. Gatherer shall 
provide Shipper with (A) 30 Days prior Notice of any upcoming normal and 
routine maintenance, repair, and modification projects that Gatherer has 
planned that would result in a curtailment or interruption of Shippers 
deliveries of Crude Oil on the Gathering System and the estimated time 
period for such curtailment or interruption, whether or not such 
maintenance, repair or modifications activities are contained in the 
then-current System Budget, and (B) Notice of any amendment, modification 
or other change to the schedule of maintenance, repair or modifications 
activities contained in the then-current System Budget.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(c)    It is specifically understood by Shipper that operations and 
activities on facilities upstream or downstream of the Gathering System 
beyond Gatherers control may impact operations on the Gathering System, 
and the Parties agree that Gatherer shall have no liability therefor unless 
any such impact was caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of 
Gatherer (and then Gatherer shall have liability only to the extent of such 
gross negligence or willful misconduct). Shipper is required to obtain, 
maintain or otherwise secure capacity on or into the Downstream Facilities 
applicable to each Delivery Point that is sufficient to accommodate the 
volumes of Shipper Crude Oil that were Nominated by Shipper to such 
Delivery Points. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.6, should 
Shipper fail to arrange such adequate downstream transportation, Gatherer 
may (i) cease receipts of Shipper Crude Oil at the Receipt Points, or (ii) 
may continue receipts of Shipper Crude Oil at the Receipt Points and then 
deliver and sell any such Shipper Crude Oil to any purchaser at its sole 
discretion, accounting to Shipper for the net value received from the sale 
of such Crude Oil (after costs of transportation, taxes, and other costs of 
marketing).

(d)    If at any time Gatherer interrupts or curtails receipts and 
deliveries of Crude Oil pursuant to this Section 8.5 (other than Section 
8.5(c)) for a period of 30 consecutive Days, then, at Shippers written 
request, the affected volumes of Dedicated Production shall be temporarily 
released from dedication to this Agreement for a period commencing as of 
the date of such request and ending as of the next first Day of a Month 
following the expiration date of Shippers mitigating commercial 
arrangement for such Dedicated Production.

Section 8.6    Crude Oil Marketing and Transportation. As between the 
Parties, Shipper shall be solely responsible for, and shall make all 
necessary arrangements at and downstream of the Delivery Points for, 
receipt, further transportation and marketing of Shipper Crude Oil.

Section 8.7    Downstream Delivery Points. Gatherer shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, and shall act as a reasonable 
and prudent operator in maintaining, all interconnect and operating 
agreements with Non-Parties reasonably necessary to facilitate the 
re-delivery of Shipper Crude Oil to Shipper at the Delivery Points.


ARTICLE 9
QUALITY AND PRESSURE SPECIFICATIONS

Section 9.1    Quality Specifications. All Crude Oil delivered at the 
Receipt Points by Shipper to Gatherer shall meet the quality specifications 
set forth in Section 1.1 of the Operating Terms.

(a)    Provided that Shipper Crude Oil delivered to the Receipt Points 
complies with such quality specifications set forth in Section 1.1 of the 
Operating Terms, all Crude Oil that is redelivered at the Delivery Points 
by Gatherer to Shipper shall meet the quality specifications of the 
applicable Downstream Facilities at the relevant Delivery Points; provided, 
however, that in
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
the event any such quality specifications of the applicable Downstream 
Facilities change from and after the date of this Agreement, Gatherers 
obligations under this Section 9.1(a) shall be subject to the provisions of 
Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms.

(b)    The Parties recognize and agree that all Shipper Crude Oil gathered 
by Gatherer through the Gathering System may be commingled with other Crude 
Oil volumes received and, subject to Gatherers obligation to redeliver to 
Shipper at the Delivery Points Crude Oil that satisfies the applicable 
quality specifications of the Delivery Points, (i) such Crude Oil shall be 
subject to such changes in quality, composition and other characteristics 
as may result from such commingling, and (ii) Gatherer shall have no other 
obligation to Shipper associated with changes in quality of Crude Oil as 
the result of such commingling.

Section 9.2    Pressure. Shipper shall Tender or cause to be Tendered 
Shipper Crude Oil to each applicable Receipt Point at sufficient pressure 
to enter the Gathering System against its contractual operating pressure, 
but not in excess of the maximum operating pressure for such Receipt Point. 
Gatherer shall redeliver Shipper Crude Oil at each applicable Delivery 
Point at pressures not in excess of the maximum operating pressure for such 
Delivery Point.

(a)    Shipper shall have the means to ensure that Shipper Crude Oil is 
prevented from entering the Gathering System at pressures in excess of the 
applicable maximum operating pressure, and Gatherer shall have the 
obligation and right to restrict the flow of Crude Oil into the Gathering 
System to protect the Gathering System from over pressuring.

(b)    Gatherers obligation to redeliver Crude Oil to a given Delivery 
Point shall, subject to Gatherers compliance with Section 8.7, be subject 
to the operational limitations of the Downstream Facility receiving such 
Crude Oil, including the Downstream Facilitys capacity, measurement 
capability, operating pressures and any operational balancing agreements as 
may be applicable.


ARTICLE 10
TERMINATION

Section 10.1    Termination.

(a)    This Agreement may be terminated in its entirety as follows:

(i)    by Gatherer upon written Notice to Shipper, if Shipper fails to pay 
pursuant to Section 12.2 any Invoice rendered pursuant to Section 12.1 and 
such failure is not remedied within 30 Days of written Notice of such 
failure to Shipper by Gatherer;

(ii)    by one Party upon written Notice to the other Party, if such second 
Party fails to perform or comply with any material warranty, covenant or 
obligation contained in this Agreement (other than (A) as provided above in 
Section 10.1(a)(i), (B) for reasons of Force Majeure in accordance with 
Article 14, or (C) with respect to any material warranty, covenant or 
obligation contained in this Agreement for which this Agreement
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
expressly sets forth a specific remedy or consequence (other than 
termination) as a result of any breach of, or failure to comply with, such 
material warranty, covenant or obligation), and such failure has not been 
remedied within 60 Days after receipt of written Notice from the 
non-defaulting Party of such failure;

(iii)    by Gatherer upon written Notice to Shipper, if Shipper or Shipper 
Parent (A) makes an assignment or any general arrangement for the benefit 
of creditors, (B) files a petition or otherwise commences, authorizes, or 
acquiesces in the commencement of a proceeding or cause under any 
bankruptcy or similar Law for the protection of creditors or has such 
petition filed or proceeding commenced against either of them, or (C) 
otherwise becomes bankrupt or insolvent (however evidenced);

(iv)    by Gatherer upon written Notice to Shipper pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 15.4(c); and

(v)    by Gatherer upon written Notice to Shipper pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 18.2.

(b)    This Agreement may be terminated with respect to any Subsystem if 
such Subsystem is Uneconomic during any six consecutive Months, by Gatherer 
upon written Notice to Shipper delivered within 180 Days following the end 
of such sixth consecutive Month.

(i)    As used herein, Uneconomic means that (A) the total direct 
operating costs and expenses incurred by Gatherer in the operation of such 
Subsystem (including general and administrative expenses, insurance costs 
and any out of pocket repair and/or maintenance costs and expenses) exceeds 
(B) the total net revenues received by Gatherer for the operation of such 
Subsystem, all as determined in accordance with United States generally 
accepted accounting principles.

(ii)    Should Gatherer reasonably believe that any Subsystem will be 
Uneconomic for more than three consecutive Months, Gatherer shall advise 
Shipper of such belief and shall provide Shipper with supporting 
documentation reasonably necessary to confirm such Uneconomic status.

(iii)    Promptly following Gatherer advising Shipper of such potential 
Uneconomic status, the Parties shall meet to discuss Gatherers belief and 
related calculations and any measures that may be taken by the Parties to 
mitigate and/or reverse the Uneconomic status of such Subsystem.

(iv)    Should (A) the Parties fail to reach agreement upon any such 
appropriate mitigation measures prior to the date upon which Gatherer would 
otherwise be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 
10.1(b), (B) the Parties reasonably believe that agreement upon such 
mitigation measures will nevertheless be possible, and (C) Shipper makes 
Gatherer whole during any such Uneconomic periods occurring during such 
negotiation period such that, due to Shippers payment efforts, the 
operation
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
of such Subsystem is not Uneconomic to Gatherer (whether through Shipper 
paying of the operating costs of such Subsystem or otherwise), then for so 
long as subparts (B) and (C) of this Section 10.1(b)(iv) remain true, 
Gatherer shall not be entitled to exercise its termination rights pursuant 
to this Section 10.1(b).

(v)    Upon the implementation of any such mitigating measures hereunder, 
should (A) the Uneconomic condition cease to exist for three consecutive 
Months, and (B) the reversion of any such mitigating measures not be 
reasonably likely to cause such Uneconomic condition to return, then any 
terms of this Agreement affected by such mitigating measures will revert 
back to the terms in effect prior to Gatherers declaration of Uneconomic 
status pursuant to this Section 10.1(b).


Section 10.2    Effect of Termination or Expiration of the Term.

(a)    Upon the end of the Term (whether pursuant to a termination pursuant 
to Section 10.1(a) or otherwise), this Agreement shall forthwith become 
void and the Parties shall have no liability or obligation under this 
Agreement, except that (i) the termination of this Agreement shall not 
relieve any Party from any expense, liability or other obligation or remedy 
therefor which has accrued or attached prior to the date of such 
termination, and (ii) the provisions of Section 16.2 through Section 16.5 
and Article 19 (other than Section 19.3), and such portions of Appendix II 
as are necessary to give effect to the foregoing, shall, in each case, 
survive such termination and remain in full force and effect indefinitely.

(b)    Upon the termination of this Agreement with respect to a certain 
Subsystem pursuant to Section 10.1(b), this Agreement shall, only with 
respect to such Subsystem, forthwith become void and the Parties shall have 
no liability or obligation under this Agreement with respect to such 
Subsystem, except that (i) the termination of this Agreement with respect 
to such Subsystem shall not relieve any Party from any expense, liability 
or other obligation or remedy therefor which has accrued or attached prior 
to the date of such termination with respect to such Subsystem, and (ii) 
the provisions of Section 16.2 through Section 16.5 shall survive such 
termination and remain in full force and effect indefinitely with respect 
to such Subsystem.

Section 10.3    Damages for Early Termination. If a Party terminates this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1(a)(i), Section 10.1(a)(ii), Section 
10.1(a)(iii), or Section 10.1(a)(v), then such terminating Party may pursue 
any and all remedies at law or in equity for its claims resulting from such 
termination, subject to Section 16.4.


ARTICLE 11
TITLE AND CUSTODY

Section 11.1    Title. A Nomination (or Tendering without a Nomination) of 
Crude Oil by Shipper shall be deemed a warranty of title to such Crude Oil 
by Shipper, or a warranty of the right of Shipper to deliver such Crude Oil 
for gathering under this Agreement. By Nominating Crude Oil for delivery 
into the Gathering System at the Receipt Point(s), Shipper also agrees to 
indemnify, defend and hold Gatherer harmless from any and all Losses 
resulting from any claims
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
by a Non-Party of title or rights to such Crude Oil, other than any claims 
arising out of Gatherers breach of its warranty made in the succeeding 
sentence of this Section 11.1. By receiving Shipper Crude Oil at the 
Receipt Points, Gatherer (a) warrants to Shipper that Gatherer has the 
right to accept and redeliver such Crude Oil, less any Product Losses, free 
and clear of any title disputes, liens or encumbrances arising by, through 
or under Gatherer, but not otherwise, and (b) agrees to indemnify, defend 
and hold Shipper harmless from any and all Losses resulting from title 
disputes, liens or encumbrances arising by, through or under Gatherer, but 
not otherwise. Title to Shippers share of Product Losses shall be 
transferred to Gatherer at the Receipt Points.

Section 11.2    Custody. From and after the delivery of Shipper Crude Oil 
to Gatherer at the Receipt Point(s), until Gatherers redelivery of such 
Crude Oil to or for Shippers account at the applicable Delivery Point(s), 
as between the Parties, Gatherer shall have custody and control of such 
Crude Oil. In all other circumstances, as between the Parties, Shipper 
shall be deemed to have custody and control of such Crude Oil.


ARTICLE 12
BILLING AND PAYMENT

Section 12.1    Invoices. On or before the 10th Day of each Month, Gatherer 
will render to Shipper an invoice, divided out on a Subsystem-by-Subsystem 
and Short-Haul Line basis (each, an Invoice), for all Fees (including the 
calculations thereof) owed for System Services provided to Shipper for the 
preceding Month and any other amounts as may be due under this Agreement 
for the preceding Month, net of any other credits or deductions to which 
Shipper is entitled hereunder, including any MVC Shortfall Credit. Each 
Invoice shall also contain the volumes of all Product Losses allocated to 
Shipper with respect to each Subsystem or Short-Haul Line, as applicable, 
in accordance with this Agreement. Gatherer shall include with each Invoice 
such information in its possession as is reasonably sufficient to explain 
and support both the amounts due and any adjustments to amounts previously 
invoiced.

Section 12.2    Payments. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, payments 
of amounts included in any Invoice delivered pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be due and payable, in accordance with each Invoices instructions, 
on or before the later of (a) the 20th Day of the Month in which such 
Invoice was delivered, and (b) the date that is five Business Days after 
Shippers receipt of the applicable Invoice. All payments by Shipper under 
this Agreement shall be made by electronic funds transfer of immediately 
available funds to the account designated by Gatherer in the applicable 
Invoice. Any amounts not paid by the due date will be deemed delinquent and 
will accrue interest at the Interest Rate, such interest to be calculated 
from and including the due date but excluding the date the delinquent 
amount is paid in full. All Invoices shall be paid in full, but payment of 
any disputed amount shall not waive the payors right to dispute the 
Invoice in accordance with this Section 12.2. Shipper may, in good faith 
(i) dispute the correctness of any Invoice or any adjustment to an Invoice 
rendered under this Agreement or (ii) request an adjustment of any Invoice 
for any arithmetic or computational error, in each case, within 24 Months 
following the date on which the applicable Invoice (or adjustment thereto) 
was received by Shipper. Any dispute of an Invoice by Shipper or Invoice 
adjustment requested by
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Shipper shall be made in writing and shall state the basis for such dispute 
or adjustment. Upon resolution of the dispute, any required payment shall 
be made within ten Business Days of such resolution, along with interest 
accrued at the Interest Rate from and including the due date but excluding 
the date paid.

Section 12.3    Audit. Each Party has the right, at its sole expense and 
during normal working hours, to examine the records of the other Party to 
the extent reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of any statement, 
charge or computation made pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
The scope of such examination will be limited to the previous 24 Months 
calculated following the end of the Month in which such Notice of audit, 
statement, charge or computation was presented. No Party shall have the 
right to conduct more than one audit during any Year. If any such 
examination reveals any inaccuracy in any statement or charge, the 
necessary adjustments in such statement or charge and the payments 
necessitated thereby shall be made within ten Business Days of resolution 
of the inaccuracy. This Section 12.3 will survive any termination of the 
Agreement for the later of (a) a period of 24 Months from the end of the 
Month in which the date of such termination occurred and (b) until a 
dispute initiated within such 24 Month period is finally resolved, in each 
case for the purpose of such statement and payment objections.


ARTICLE 13
REMEDIES

Section 13.1    Suspension of Performance; Release from Dedication.

(a)    If Shipper fails to pay pursuant to Section 12.2 any Invoice 
rendered pursuant to Section 12.1 and such failure is not remedied within 
five Business Days of written Notice of such failure to Shipper by 
Gatherer, Gatherer shall have the right to suspend performance under this 
Agreement until such amount, including interest at the Interest Rate, is 
paid in full.

(b)    In the event a Party fails to perform or comply with any material 
warranty, covenant or obligation contained in this Agreement (other than as 
provided in Section 13.1(a)), and such failure has not been remedied within 
30 Days after receipt of written Notice from the other Party of such 
failure, then the non-defaulting Party shall have the right to suspend its 
performance under this Agreement. If Shipper elects to suspend performance 
as the result of Gatherers uncured material default, then the Dedicated 
Production affected by such default shall be deemed to be temporarily 
released from the terms of this Agreement during the period of such 
suspension of performance.

Section 13.2    No Election. In the event of a default by a Party under 
this Agreement, the other Party shall be entitled in its sole discretion to 
pursue one or more of the remedies set forth in this Agreement, or such 
other remedy as may be available to it under this Agreement, at Law or in 
equity, subject, however, to the limitations set forth in Article 16. No 
election of remedies shall be required or implied as the result of a 
Partys decision to avail itself of any remedy under this Agreement.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 14
FORCE MAJEURE

Section 14.1    Events of Force Majeure. An event of Force Majeure means, 
an event that (a) is not within the reasonable control of the Party 
claiming suspension (the Claiming Party), (b) that prevents the Claiming 
Partys performance or fulfillment of any obligation of the Claiming Party 
under this Agreement (other than the payment of money), and (c) that by the 
exercise of due diligence the Claiming Party is unable to avoid or overcome 
in a reasonable manner. An event of Force Majeure includes, but is not 
restricted to: (i) acts of God; (ii) wars (declared or undeclared); (iii) 
insurrections, hostilities, riots, industrial disturbances, blockades or 
civil disturbances; (iv) epidemics, landslides, lightning, earthquakes, 
washouts, floods, fires, storms or storm warnings; (v) acts of a public 
enemy, acts of terror, or sabotage; (vi) explosions, breakage or accidents 
to machinery or lines of pipe; (vii) hydrate obstruction or blockages of 
any kind of lines of pipe; (viii) freezing of wells or delivery facilities, 
partial or entire failure of wells, and other events beyond the reasonable 
control of Shipper that affect the timing of production or production 
levels; (ix) mining accidents, subsidence, cave-ins and fires; and (x) 
action or restraint by any Governmental Authority (so long as the Claiming 
Party has not applied for or assisted in the application for, and has 
opposed where and to the extent reasonable, such action or restraint). 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, an event of Force Majeure 
specifically excludes the following occurrences or events: (A) the loss, 
interruption, or curtailment of interruptible transportation on any 
Downstream Facility necessary to take delivery of Shipper Crude Oil at any 
Delivery Point, unless and only to the extent the same event also curtails 
firm transportation at the same Delivery Point; (B) increases or decreases 
in Shipper Crude Oil supply (other than any such increase or decrease 
caused by the actions described in subpart (x) above), allocation or 
reallocation of Shipper Crude Oil production by the applicable well 
operators; (C) loss of markets; (D) loss of supply of equipment or 
materials; (E) failure of specific, individual wells or appurtenant 
facilities in the absence of an event of Force Majeure broadly affecting 
other wells in the same geographic area; and (F) price changes due to 
market conditions with respect to the purchase or sale of Crude Oil 
gathered hereunder or the economics associated with the delivery, 
connection, receipt, gathering, or redelivery of such Crude Oil.

Section 14.2    Actions. If either Gatherer or Shipper is rendered unable 
by an event of Force Majeure to carry out, in whole or part, its 
obligations under this Agreement and such Claiming Party gives Notice and 
reasonably full details of the event to the other Party as soon as 
practicable after the occurrence of the event, then, during the pendency of 
such Force Majeure, but only during that period, the obligations of the 
Claiming Party shall be canceled or suspended, as applicable, to the extent 
required; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in the foregoing 
to the contrary, neither Party shall be relieved from any indemnification 
obligation or any obligation to make any payments hereunder as the result 
of Force Majeure, regardless which Party is affected. The Claiming Party 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the Force Majeure 
condition with all reasonable dispatch, shall give Notice to the other 
Party of the termination of the Force Majeure, and shall resume performance 
of any suspended obligation promptly after termination of such Force 
Majeure. If the Claiming Party is Shipper and such Force Majeure is an 
event affecting a Delivery Point (but not all Delivery Points), such
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
commercially reasonable efforts shall require, to the extent of capacity 
available to Shipper at the applicable Downstream Facilities, Shipper to 
Nominate Shipper Crude Oil for redelivery at those Delivery Points not 
affected by such Force Majeure. For the avoidance of doubt, if and to the 
extent Gatherer is delayed in completing any Committed Build-Outs by a 
Force Majeure event, then the Target Completion Date applicable thereto 
shall be extended for a period of time equal to that during which such 
obligations of Gatherer were delayed by such events.

Section 14.3    Strikes, Etc. The settlement of strikes or lockouts shall 
be entirely within the discretion of the Claiming Party, and any obligation 
hereunder to remedy a Force Majeure event shall not require the settlement 
of strikes or lockouts by acceding to the demands of the opposing Person(s) 
when such course is inadvisable in the sole discretion of the Claiming 
Party.


ARTICLE 15
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS

Section 15.1    Party Representations.

(a)    Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party as follows: 
(i) there are no suits, proceedings, judgments, or orders by or before any 
Governmental Authority that materially adversely affect (A) its ability to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement or (B) the rights of the other 
Parties hereunder, (ii) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good 
standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, and it has 
the legal right, power and authority and is qualified to conduct its 
business, and to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its 
obligations hereunder, (iii) the making and performance by it of this 
Agreement is within its powers, and have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action on its part, (iv) this Agreement constitutes a legal, 
valid, and binding act and obligation of it, enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization and other Laws affecting creditors rights generally, and 
with regard to equitable remedies, to the discretion of the court before 
which proceedings to obtain same may be pending, and (v) there are no 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership or other arrangement 
proceedings pending or being contemplated by it.

(b)    Shipper represents and warrants to Gatherer that, during the Term, 
Shipper has the sole and exclusive right to purchase all Crude Oil owned or 
Controlled by Producer and produced from those oil and gas properties 
located in the Dedicated Area that are operated by Producer, or that are 
not operated by Producer, but from which Producer has elected to take its 
applicable production in-kind (such right, collectively, the Exclusive 
Producer Purchase Right).

Section 15.2    Joint Representations. Shipper and Gatherer jointly 
acknowledge and agree that (a) the movement of Shipper Crude Oil on the 
Gathering System under this Agreement constitutes (and is intended to 
constitute for purposes of all applicable Laws) a movement of Shipper Crude 
Oil, in each case, that is not subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, (b) the Fees have been freely negotiated and 
agreed upon as a result of good faith negotiations and are not 
discriminatory or preferential, but are just, fair, and
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
reasonable in light of the Parties respective covenants and undertakings 
herein during the term of this Agreement, and (c) neither Shipper nor 
Gatherer had an unfair advantage over the other during the negotiation of 
this Agreement.

Section 15.3    Applicable Laws. This Agreement is subject to all valid 
present and future Laws, regulations, rules and orders of Governmental 
Authorities now or hereafter having jurisdiction over the Parties, this 
Agreement, or the System Services performed under this Agreement or the 
Gathering System and other facilities utilized under this Agreement.

Section 15.4    Government Authority Modification. It is the intent of the 
Parties that the rates and terms and conditions established by any 
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction shall not alter the rates or 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. If any Governmental 
Authority having jurisdiction modifies the rates or terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement, then (in addition to any other remedy 
available to the Parties at Law or in equity):

(a)    the Parties hereby agree to negotiate in good faith to enter into 
such amendments to this Agreement and/or a separate arrangement in order to 
give effect, to the greatest extent possible, to the rates and other terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

(b)    the Parties agree to vigorously defend and support in good faith the 
enforceability of the rates and terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

(c)    in the event that the Parties are not successful in accomplishing 
the objectives set forth in (a) and (b) above such that, following the 
failure to accomplish such objectives, Gatherer is not in substantially the 
same economic position as it was prior to any such regulation, then 
Gatherer may terminate this Agreement upon the delivery of written Notice 
of termination to Shipper.

Section 15.5    Taxes. Shipper shall pay or cause to be paid, and agrees to 
indemnify and hold harmless Gatherer and its Affiliates from and against 
the payment of, all excise, gross production, severance, sales, occupation, 
and all other taxes, charges, or impositions of every kind and character 
required by statute or by any Governmental Authority with respect to 
Shipper Crude Oil and the handling thereof prior to receipt thereof by 
Gatherer at the Receipt Points. Subject to Section 15.4, Gatherer shall pay 
or cause to be paid all taxes and assessments, if any, imposed upon 
Gatherer for the activity of gathering of Shipper Crude Oil after receipt 
at the Receipt Points and prior to redelivery thereof by Gatherer at the 
Delivery Points. Gatherer shall refund to Shipper any tax paid on Shippers 
behalf (a) that is successfully disputed, and (b) for which Gatherer has 
actually received a refund.

Section 15.6    Exclusive Producer Purchase Right. Shipper covenants and 
agrees that, during the Term, it shall not, without the prior written 
consent of Gatherer (such consent to be given or withheld in Gatherers 
sole discretion), materially alter, modify or amend the Exclusive Producer 
Purchase Right, including any contract or other arrangement forming a part 
of such right (and shall not commit or agree to do so), in any manner that 
would adversely affect the volumes of Crude Oil (a) to which Shipper is 
entitled pursuant to the Exclusive Producer Purchase Right, or (b) 
delivered to Gatherer by Shipper hereunder.
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
ARTICLE 16
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

Section 16.1    Custody and Control Indemnity. EXCEPT FOR LOSSES COVERED BY 
THE INDEMNITIES IN SECTION 11.1, THE PARTY HAVING CUSTODY AND CONTROL OF 
OIL UNDER THE TERMS OF SECTION 11.2 SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR AND SHALL 
RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE OTHER PARTY AND SUCH OTHER 
PARTYS GROUP FROM AND AGAINST EACH OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) ANY LOSSES 
ASSOCIATED WITH ANY PHYSICAL LOSS OF SUCH OIL (OTHER THAN PRODUCT LOSSES), 
INCLUDING THE VALUE OF SUCH LOST OIL, AND (B) ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM 
THE RELEASE OF ANY SUCH OIL; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NO INDEMNIFIED PERSON 
OR A MEMBER OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSONS GROUP SHALL BE ENTITLED TO 
INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 16.1 WITH RESPECT TO ITS OWN 
NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

Section 16.2    Shipper Indemnification. SUBJECT TO SECTION 16.1, SHIPPER 
AGREES TO AND SHALL RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS GATHERER, 
AND GATHERERS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARENT, AFFILIATES 
AND SUBSIDIARIES, (ALL OF THE FOREGOING, THE Gatherer Group) FROM AND 
AGAINST ALL LOSSES WHICH IN ANY WAY RESULT FROM ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) 
THE OWNERSHIP, DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE OR OPERATION OF SHIPPERS 
FACILITIES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NO MEMBER OF THE GATHERER GROUP SHALL 
BE ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 16.2 WITH RESPECT 
TO THE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY MEMBER OF THE GATHERER 
GROUP, (B) ANY SHIPPER CRUDE OIL DELIVERED INTO THE GATHERING SYSTEM THAT 
DOES NOT MEET THE QUALITY SPECIFICATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 1.1(A) OF THE 
OPERATING TERMS (AS REVISED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 1.1(B) OF THE 
OPERATING TERMS), AND (C) THE PAYMENT OR CALCULATION OF ANY PROCEEDS, 
ROYALTIES OR OTHER BURDENS ON PRODUCTION DUE BY ANY PRODUCER TO APPLICABLE 
LESSORS, LANDOWNERS, ROYALTY HOLDERS OR OTHER INTEREST HOLDERS (INCLUDING 
CO-OWNERS OF WORKING INTERESTS), AS APPLICABLE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY OIL 
DELIVERED INTO THE GATHERING SYSTEM BY OR ON BEHALF OF SHIPPER.

Section 16.3    Gatherer Indemnification. SUBJECT TO SECTION 16.1 AND 
SECTION 16.5, GATHERER AGREES TO AND SHALL RELEASE, DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND 
HOLD HARMLESS SHIPPER, AND SHIPPERS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
AGENTS, PARENT, AFFILIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES, (ALL OF THE FOREGOING, THE 
Shipper Group) FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES WHICH IN ANY WAY RESULT FROM 
THE OWNERSHIP, DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE OR OPERATION OF THE 
GATHERING SYSTEM; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NO MEMBER OF THE
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SHIPPER GROUP SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION PURSUANT TO THIS 
SECTION 16.3 WITH RESPECT TO (A) THE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF 
ANY MEMBER OF THE SHIPPER GROUP, OR (B) ANY SHIPPER CRUDE OIL DELIVERED 
INTO THE GATHERING SYSTEM THAT DOES NOT MEET THE QUALITY SPECIFICATIONS SET 
FORTH IN SECTION 1.1(A) OF THE OPERATING TERMS (AS REVISED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH SECTION 1.1(B) OF THE OPERATING TERMS).

Section 16.4    Actual Direct Damages. A PARTYS (OR A MEMBER OF SUCH 
PARTYS GROUPS) DAMAGES RESULTING FROM A BREACH OR VIOLATION OF ANY 
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, COVENANT, AGREEMENT OR CONDITION CONTAINED IN 
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ACT OR OMISSION ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES AND SHALL NOT INCLUDE 
ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
PRODUCTION, OR REVENUES, AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY RELEASES THE OTHER PARTY 
AND THE MEMBERS OF SUCH OTHER PARTYS GROUP FROM ALL SUCH CLAIMS FOR LOSS 
OR DAMAGE OTHER THAN ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES; PROVIDED, THAT THE LIMITATION 
TO DIRECT DAMAGES ONLY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY DAMAGE, CLAIM OR LOSS 
ASSERTED BY OR AWARDED TO THIRD PARTIES AGAINST A PARTY AND FOR WHICH THE 
OTHER PARTY WOULD OTHERWISE BE RESPONSIBLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 16.5    Penalties. EXCEPT FOR INSTANCES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR 
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT BY GATHERER, SHIPPER SHALL RELEASE, INDEMNIFY, DEFEND 
AND HOLD GATHERER AND THE GATHERER GROUP HARMLESS FROM ANY LOSSES, 
INCLUDING ANY SCHEDULING PENALTIES OR MONTHLY BALANCING PROVISIONS, IMPOSED 
BY A DOWNSTREAM FACILITY IN ANY TRANSPORTATION CONTRACTS OR SERVICE 
AGREEMENTS ASSOCIATED WITH, OR RELATED TO, SHIPPER CRUDE OIL, INCLUDING ANY 
PENALTIES IMPOSED PURSUANT TO A DOWNSTREAM FACILITYS TARIFF (IF 
APPLICABLE), OR WHICH MAY BE CAUSED BY OFOS, PDAS, OTHER PIPELINE 
ALLOCATION METHODS, UNSCHEDULED PRODUCTION, OR BY UNAUTHORIZED PRODUCTION.

Section 16.6    Insurance. The Parties shall carry and maintain no less 
than the insurance coverage set forth in Exhibit J.


ARTICLE 17
ASSIGNMENT

Section 17.1    Assignment of Rights and Obligations under this Agreement.

(a)    Shipper shall be entitled to assign its rights and obligations under 
this Agreement (in whole or in part) to another Person; provided that (i) 
such transferee has also been assigned the Exclusive Producer Purchase 
Right (including any contract or other arrangement forming a
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
part of such right), (ii) the transferee specifically assumes all of 
Shippers rights and obligations hereunder, and (iii) the transferee has, 
in Gatherers good faith and reasonable judgment, the financial and 
operational capability to perform and fulfill Shippers obligations 
hereunder. Gatherer shall be entitled to assign its rights and obligations 
under this Agreement (in whole or in part) to another Person; provided that 
(A) such Person has acquired all or a portion of the Gathering System 
(including any Subsystem or Short-Haul Line thereof) and (B) the portion of 
the rights and obligations of Gatherer under this Agreement to be 
transferred to such Person correspond to the interest in the Gathering 
System so transferred to such Person.

(b)    This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
respective permitted successors and assigns of the Parties. Any attempted 
assignment made without compliance with the provisions set forth in this 
Section 17.1 shall be null and void ab initio.

(c)    Any release of any of Dedicated Production from dedication under 
this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.3 shall not constitute an assignment 
or transfer of such Dedicated Production for the purposes of this Article 
17.

Section 17.2    Pre-Approved Assignment. Each Party shall have the right, 
without the prior consent of the other Party, to (a) mortgage, pledge, 
encumber or otherwise impress a lien or security interest upon its rights 
and interest in and to this Agreement and (b) make a transfer pursuant to 
any security interest arrangement described in (a) above, including any 
judicial or non-judicial foreclosure and any assignment from the holder of 
such security interest to another Person.


ARTICLE 18
SHIPPER GUARANTEE; ADEQUATE ASSURANCES

Section 18.1    Shipper Guarantee. Concurrently with the execution of the 
Original Agreement, Shipper delivered to Gatherer a guarantee from Hess 
Corporation, the indirect owner of 100% of the issued and outstanding 
shares of Shipper (Shipper Parent), which guarantee provides provide a 
guarantee of all of Shippers obligations under this Agreement.

Section 18.2    Adequate Assurances. If (a) Shipper fails to pay any 
Invoice according to the provisions hereof and such failure continues for a 
period of five Business Days after written Notice of such failure is 
provided to Shipper or (b) Gatherer has reasonable grounds for insecurity 
regarding the performance by Shipper of any obligation under this 
Agreement, then Gatherer, by delivery of written Notice to Shipper, may, 
singularly or in combination with any other rights it may have, demand 
Adequate Assurance by Shipper. As used herein, Adequate Assurance means, 
at the option of Shipper, (i) the advance payment in cash by Shipper to 
Gatherer for System Services to be provided under this Agreement in the 
following Month or (ii) delivery to Gatherer by Shipper of an Adequate 
Letter of Credit in an amount equal to not less than the aggregate amounts 
owed from Shipper to Gatherer hereunder for the prior two Month period. If 
(A) Shipper fails to provide Adequate Assurance to Gatherer within 48 hours 
of Gatherers request therefor pursuant to this Section 18.2 or (B) Shipper 
or Shipper Parent suffers any of the actions described in Section 
10.1(a)(iii), then, in either case, Gatherer shall
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
have the right to, at its sole option, terminate this Agreement upon 
written Notice to Shipper or suspend or reduce all services under this 
Agreement without prior Notice to Shipper, in each case, without limiting 
any other rights or remedies available to Gatherer under this Agreement or 
otherwise. If Gatherer exercises the right to terminate this Agreement or 
suspend or reduce any System Services under this Section 18.2, then Shipper 
shall not be entitled to take, or cause to be taken, any action hereunder 
or otherwise against Gatherer for such termination, suspension or 
reduction. Failure of Gatherer to exercise its right to terminate this 
Agreement or suspend or reduce any System Service as provided in this 
Section 18.2 shall not constitute a waiver by Gatherer of any rights or 
remedies Gatherer may have under this Agreement, applicable Law, or 
otherwise.


ARTICLE 19
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 19.1    Relationship of the Parties. The rights, duties, 
obligations and liabilities of the Parties under this Agreement shall be 
individual, not joint or collective. It is not the intention of the Parties 
to create, and this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to create, a 
partnership, joint venture or association or a trust. This Agreement shall 
not be deemed or construed to authorize any Party to act as an agent, 
servant or employee for any other Party for any purpose whatsoever except 
as explicitly set forth in this Agreement. In their relations with each 
other under this Agreement, the Parties shall not be considered 
fiduciaries.

Section 19.2    Notices; Voice Recording. All notices and communications 
required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be considered 
a Notice and be sufficient in all applicable respects if (a) given in 
writing and delivered personally, (b) sent by bonded overnight courier, (c) 
mailed by U.S. Express Mail or by certified or registered United States 
Mail with all postage fully prepaid, (d) transmitted by facsimile (provided 
that any such fax is confirmed by written confirmation), or (e) by 
electronic mail with a PDF of the notice or other communication attached 
(provided that any such electronic mail is confirmed by written 
confirmation), in each case, addressed to the appropriate Person at the 
address for such Person shown in Exhibit K. Any Notice given in accordance 
herewith shall be deemed to have been given when (i) delivered to the 
addressee in person or by courier, (ii) transmitted by electronic 
communications during normal business hours, or if transmitted after normal 
business hours, on the next Business Day (in each case, provided that any 
such electronic communication is confirmed in writing), or (iii) upon 
actual receipt by the addressee after such notice has either been delivered 
to an overnight courier or deposited in the United States Mail if received 
during normal business hours, or if not received during normal business 
hours, then on the next Business Day, as the case may be. Any Person may 
change their contact information for notice by giving Notice to the other 
Parties in the manner provided in this Section 19.2. Either Party may, from 
time-to-time, agree and request that certain Notices or statements, such as 
operational, scheduling, Nominations, or Invoices, be sent by alternative 
means, such as e-mail, facsimile or otherwise. The Parties hereby agree 
that, to the extent permitted by Law, each Party may electronically record 
telephone conversations between the Parties in connection with oral 
notices, nominations, scheduling, or other operational communications 
between the Parties for purposes of confirming and documenting such 
communications, with or without the use of a prior warning tone or Notice.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 19.3    Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically provided, all 
fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Parties in negotiating this 
Agreement shall be paid by the Party incurring the same, including legal 
and accounting fees, costs and expenses.

Section 19.4    Waivers; Rights Cumulative. Any of the terms, covenants, or 
conditions hereof may be waived only by a written instrument executed by or 
on behalf of the Party waiving compliance. No course of dealing on the part 
of any Party, or their respective officers, employees, agents, or 
representatives, and no failure by a Party to exercise any of its rights 
under this Agreement, shall, in either case, operate as a waiver thereof or 
affect in any way the right of such Party at a later time to enforce the 
performance of such provision. No waiver by any Party of any condition, or 
any breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, in any one 
or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or 
continuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any other 
condition or of any breach of any other term or covenant. The rights of the 
Parties under this Agreement shall be cumulative, and the exercise or 
partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude the exercise of any 
other right.

Section 19.5    Confidentiality. For the Term of this Agreement and for one 
year after the termination of this Agreement, the Parties shall keep 
confidential the terms of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, 
the Fees paid hereunder, the volumes delivered (and redelivered) hereunder, 
all other material terms of this Agreement and any non-public information 
and materials delivered pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, 
Confidential Information), except as follows:

(a)    to the extent disclosures of Confidential Information may be 
reasonably required to effectuate the performance of this Agreement by 
either Party or the construction, operation or maintenance of the Gathering 
System;

(b)    to meet the requirements of any applicable Law or of a Governmental 
Authority with jurisdiction over the matter for which information is 
sought, and in that event, the disclosing Party shall provide prompt 
written Notice to the other Party, if legally permitted to do so, of the 
requirement to disclose the Confidential Information and shall take or 
assist the other Party in taking all reasonable legal steps available to 
suppress the disclosure or extent of disclosure of the information;

(c)    in a sales process involving all or a portion of the Gathering 
System; provided that the Parties take all reasonable steps to ensure that 
the confidentiality of Confidential Information is maintained as a result 
of such sales process; and

(d)    to those employees, consultants, agents, advisors and equity holders 
of each Party who need to know such Confidential Information for purposes 
of, or in connection with, the performance of such Partys obligations 
under this Agreement; provided that the Party disclosing the Confidential 
Information to those Persons shall be liable to the other Party for any 
damages suffered due to a failure by any of such Persons to maintain the 
confidentiality of the Confidential Information on the basis set forth in 
this Agreement.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 19.6    Entire Agreement; Conflicts. THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES THE 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND 
SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR AGREEMENTS, UNDERSTANDINGS, NEGOTIATIONS, AND 
DISCUSSIONS, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OF THE PARTIES OR THEIR PREDECESSORS 
PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THE GATHERING SYSTEM. THERE ARE 
NO WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR OTHER AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES 
RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN 
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE EXHIBITS AND APPENDICES HERETO, AND NO PARTY 
SHALL BE BOUND BY OR LIABLE FOR ANY ALLEGED REPRESENTATION, PROMISE, 
INDUCEMENT OR STATEMENT OF INTENTION NOT SO SET FORTH.

Section 19.7    Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only by an 
instrument in writing executed by the Parties and expressly identified as 
an amendment or modification.

Section 19.8    Governing Law; Disputes. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL 
RELATIONS AMONG THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULE OR 
PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER CONSTRUCTION OF SUCH PROVISIONS TO THE LAWS OF 
ANOTHER JURISDICTION. ALL OF THE PARTIES CONSENT TO THE EXERCISE OF 
JURISDICTION IN PERSONAM BY THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL DISTRICT COURTS 
LOCATED IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS FOR ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. ALL ACTIONS OR 
PROCEEDINGS WITH RESPECT TO, ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN CONNECTION 
WITH, OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE EXCLUSIVELY LITIGATED IN THE UNITED STATES 
FEDERAL DISTRICT COURTS HAVING SITES IN HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS (AND ALL 
APPELLATE COURTS HAVING JURISDICTION THEREOVER). EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 19.9    Parties in Interest. Nothing in this Agreement shall 
entitle any Non-Party to any claim, cause of action, remedy or right of any 
kind.

Section 19.10    Preparation of Agreement. Both Parties and their 
respective counsel participated in the preparation of this Agreement. In 
the event of any ambiguity in this Agreement, no presumption shall arise 
based on the identity of the draftsman of this Agreement.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Section 19.11    Severability. If any term or other provision of this 
Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any rule 
of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this 
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the 
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not 
affected in any adverse manner to any Party. Upon such determination that 
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being 
enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this 
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as 
possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions 
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 19.12    Operating Terms. The Operating Terms are incorporated into 
this Agreement for all purposes.

Section 19.13    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts, and each such counterpart hereof shall be deemed to be an 
original instrument, but all of such counterparts shall constitute for all 
purposes one agreement. Any signature hereto delivered by a Party by 
electronic mail shall be deemed an original signature hereto.

[signature page follows]
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement, in each case, 
to be effective as of the Effective Time.
 
SHIPPER: 	  	 	  	GATHERER:
HESS TRADING CORPORATION 	  	 	  	HESS NORTH DAKOTA PIPELINES LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Steven A. Villas
  	 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ John A. Gatling
Name: 	  	Steven A. Villas 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	John A. Gatling
Title: 	  	President 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Vice President, Bakken Midstream

Signature Page to
Amended and Restated Crude Oil Gathering Agreement
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
APPENDIX I
OPERATING TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.1    Quality Specifications.

(a)    Shipper Crude Oil. All Shipper Crude Oil Tendered at the Receipt 
Points shall conform to the following specifications:

(i)    Assay. Upon initial delivery, a laboratory analysis of Shipper Crude 
Oil that complies with regulations and industry recommended practice shall 
be submitted to Gatherer by Shipper and shall include API gravity, Reid 
Vapor Pressure, pour point, sediment and water content, sulfur content, 
hydrogen sulfide, and other characteristics as may be required by Gatherer. 
After initial delivery, Gatherer reserves the right to require an assay to 
accommodate changes in regulations or changes in any characteristics of 
Shipper Crude Oil.

(ii)    Sulfur & Gravity. All Shipper Crude Oil delivered hereunder shall 
have gravity and sulfur no greater than the following:
 
  	   	Sulfur 	  	Gravity
  	   	(percentage by
weight) 	  	(API)
 North Dakota Sweet
   	<0.5% 	  	30  47
 North Dakota Sour
   	<2.0% 	  	30  47
 Bakken
   	<0.2% 	  	30  47

(iii)    Basic Sediment, Water and Other Impurities. All Shipper Crude Oil 
delivered hereunder shall not have a content consisting of more than one 
half of one percent (0.5%) of basic sediment, water or other impurities.

(iv)    Vapor Pressure. No Shipper Crude Oil delivered hereunder shall have 
a Reid Vapor Pressure of more than 12 pounds per square inch and a true 
vapor pressure, measured by ASTM D-6377 at 100 degrees Fahrenheit and V/L= 
4, of more than 13 pounds per square inch.

(v)    Refined. Except for stabilization, no Shipper Crude Oil delivered 
hereunder shall have been partially refined or altered in any way so as to 
negatively affect its value.

(vi)    Hydrogen Sulfide. All Shipper Crude Oil delivered hereunder shall 
not have a hydrogen sulfide greater than ** parts per million in the vapor 
phase.

(vii)    Contamination. All Shipper Crude Oil delivered hereunder shall not 
have been contaminated by the presence of any chemicals, including 
chlorinated or oxygenated hydrocarbons; provided, however, that this 
Section 1.1(a)(vii) of the Operating Terms shall not prohibit Shippers use 
of any corrosion inhibitors, demulsifiers, or drag reducers with respect to 
Shipper Crude Oil, in each case, that has been previously approved by 
Gatherer.
 
Appendix I - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(viii)    Deduction. In the event Gatherer accepts any Shipper Crude Oil 
delivered hereunder having an API of 47 degrees or greater, deductions will 
be made to cover the shrinkage and incremental evaporation resulting from 
the mixture thereof. Such deduction shall be determined in accordance with 
the following table:
 
API Gravity, Degrees
   	Deduction for Incremental
Evaporation & Shrinkage 	 
 47 through 49.9
   	  	0.4 	% 
 50 through 54.9
   	  	0.5 	% 
 55 through 64.9
   	  	1.0 	% 
 65 through 74.9
   	  	1.5 	% 
 75 and above
   	  	2.0 	% 

(ix)    Crude Oil Temperature. No Shipper Crude Oil delivered hereunder 
will be accepted for transportation that has a temperature greater than 120 
degrees Fahrenheit at the Point of Measurement.

(x)    Pour Point. All Shipper Crude Oil delivered hereunder shall have a 
pour point no greater than 20 degrees Fahrenheit.

(b)    Downstream Facilities. Notwithstanding the quality specifications 
above, if a Downstream Facility notifies either Party of different or 
additional quality specifications required at any Delivery Point that are 
more stringent than the specifications shown above, such Party will 
promptly notify the other Party of any such different or additional 
specifications as soon as practicable after being notified of such 
specifications.

(i)    Following the Parties receipt of a notice from a Downstream 
Facility as described in Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms above, the 
Parties shall promptly meet to discuss such different or additional quality 
specifications and agree upon the Parties collective response to such 
Downstream Facility. Each Party agrees to use its commercially reasonable 
efforts to meet and agree upon such response within any applicable time 
limitation imposed by such Downstream Facility, any binding contractual 
commitment of either Party, or any Governmental Authority (including any 
applicable Law), as applicable.

(ii)    In the event that Gatherer would be required to install any 
processing or treatment facilities in order to meet any such different or 
additional Downstream Facility quality specifications, the Parties shall 
meet to determine (A) what additional facilities would be needed, (B) 
whether or not the Parties agree that such additional facilities should be 
installed, and (C) what amendments to the then-current Gathering System 
Plan and System Budget would be needed to incorporate the installation of 
such additional facilities.

(iii)    In the event that the Parties do not mutually agree (A) that such 
additional facilities should either be installed or not installed, or (B) 
on the amendments to the then-current Gathering System Plan that would be 
needed to incorporate the installation of such additional facilities, then, 
in each case, the provisions of Section 5.3(e) shall be applied by the 
Parties with respect to such dispute.
 
Appendix I - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(iv)    In the event that the Parties mutually agree (or it is determined 
pursuant to Section 5.3(e)) (A) that such additional facilities should be 
installed, and (B) upon the amendments to the then-current Gathering System 
Plan that would be needed to incorporate the installation of such 
additional facilities, then Gatherer shall be provided such period of time 
as would be reasonably needed to install and place into service such 
additional facilities.

(v)    Following the date upon which any such additional facilities are 
installed and placed into service, such different or additional Downstream 
Facility quality specifications will be considered as the quality 
specifications with respect to the applicable Delivery Points under this 
Agreement for as long as required by such Downstream Facility.

(c)    Nonconforming Crude Oil. Should, at any time during the Term, either 
Party become aware that any Crude Oil Tendered by Shipper into the 
Gathering System does not meet any of the quality specifications in 
Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms (as revised in accordance with 
Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms), such Party shall immediately notify 
the other Party of such failure and nonconforming Shipper Crude Oil and, if 
known, the extent of the deviation from such specifications. Upon any such 
notification, Shipper shall determine the expected duration of such failure 
and notify Gatherer of the efforts Shipper is undertaking to remedy such 
deficiency.

(d)    Failure to Meet Specifications. If any Shipper Crude Oil delivered 
into the Gathering System fails to meet any of the quality specifications 
in Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms (as revised in accordance with 
Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms) when Tendered at the Receipt Points, 
Gatherer shall have the right to cease accepting such Crude Oil into the 
Gathering System or reject such Crude Oil from entering the Gathering 
System, as applicable.

(e)    Acceptance of Nonconforming Crude Oil. Without limiting the rights 
and obligations of Gatherer pursuant to clause (d) immediately above, 
Gatherer may elect to accept receipt at any Receipt Point of Shipper Crude 
Oil that fails to meet any of the quality specifications stated above. Such 
acceptance by Gatherer shall not be deemed a waiver of Gatherers right to 
refuse to accept non-specification Shipper Crude Oil at a subsequent time.

(f)    Liability for Nonconforming Crude Oil. With respect to any Shipper 
Crude Oil that fails to meet the quality specifications under this Section 
1.1(a) of the Operating Terms (as revised in accordance with Section 1.1(b) 
of the Operating Terms) when Tendered at the Receipt Points, Shipper shall 
be responsible for (i) any fees charged by any Downstream Facility; (ii) 
any costs incurred by Gatherer and agreed to by Shipper in order to avoid 
such fees for such Crude Oil; and (iii) any costs, expenses or damages 
incurred by Gatherer (including with respect to any damages incurred to the 
Gathering System). Additionally, Shipper shall always be responsible for 
fees charged by a Downstream Facility due to non-specification Shipper 
Crude Oil and will indemnify the Gatherer Group from claims by a Downstream 
Facility arising from non-specification Shipper Crude Oil.
 
Appendix I - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(g)    Liability for Nonconforming Commingled Crude Oil. With respect to 
any Shipper Crude Oil that (i) fails to meet the quality specifications of 
any Downstream Facility under Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms, but 
(ii) meets the quality specifications set forth in Section 1.1(a) of the 
Operating Terms (as revised in accordance with Section 1.1(b) of the 
Operating Terms) when Tendered at the applicable Receipt Point, Shipper 
shall not be responsible for (A) any fees charged by any Downstream 
Facility as a result thereof; or (B) any other costs, expenses or damages 
incurred by Gatherer (including with respect to any damages incurred to the 
Gathering System) with respect to such commingled Crude Oil.

1.2    Nomination Procedures. Nominations or Nominate means a request 
submitted by Shipper to Gatherer for the prospective gathering of specific 
volumes of Shipper Crude Oil on Subsystem-by-Subsystem, Short-Haul Line, 
Receipt Point-by-Receipt Point and Delivery Point-by-Delivery Point bases. 
The Nomination procedure for each Subsystem and Short-Haul Line is as 
follows:

(a)    Nomination Procedures. Each Nomination shall (x) be prepared by 
Shipper and submitted to Gatherer as soon as possible in a mutually agreed 
form and (y) contain customary information regarding the applicable receipt 
and/or delivery of Shipper Crude Oil to or from the Gathering System.

(i)    Shipper shall submit to Gatherer, either verbally or in writing and 
no later than 10:00 a.m. CCT of the 20th Day of each Month, Shippers best 
estimate of the Daily volume of Shipper Crude Oil that Shipper intends to 
deliver to Gatherer at each Receipt Point for the following Month (the 
Delivery Quantities). Such estimate shall be stated in Barrels per Day.

(ii)    On or before the 20th Day of each Month, Gatherer will, subject to 
Section 1.2(a)(v) of the Operating Terms below and the validation of 
Nominations by Downstream Facilities, notify Shipper of all non-confirmed 
or otherwise invalid Delivery Quantities for the following Month for each 
Receipt Point. Gatherer will provide Shipper with confirmation in writing 
of the confirmed Delivery Quantities.

(iii)    If Shipper desires to modify the Delivery Quantities for a Receipt 
Point for any time after Gatherer accepts and validates the Delivery 
Quantities, Shipper must notify Gatherer of such modification at least two 
Days prior to the beginning of any such modification of Delivery 
Quantities. Gatherer will notify Shipper as soon as practicable if such 
modified Delivery Quantities are non-confirmed or otherwise invalid.

(iv)    Shipper shall make any necessary arrangements to be able to deliver 
the Delivery Quantities to Gatherer at the Receipt Points.

(v)    Shipper shall make any necessary arrangements for downstream 
transportation of Shipper Crude Oil from the Delivery Points to enable 
Gatherer to make deliveries to the applicable Downstream Facilities for the 
account of Shipper at such Delivery Points. Such arrangements shall include 
Shippers Nomination of the Delivery Quantities for transportation from the 
Delivery Points on the applicable Downstream Facilities.
 
Appendix I - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
(vi)    It is recognized that for a given Month, a Shipper Crude Oil 
imbalance between the Receipt Points and Delivery Points may exist. 
Gatherer shall calculate and track all imbalances and include same in its 
Monthly statement. The Parties agree to make a good faith effort to correct 
any actual Monthly imbalances by subsequent nominations and deliveries of 
Shipper Crude Oil during the remainder of the Month or the next Month, 
including the adjustments of receipts, deliveries and Nominations.

(vii)    No Delivery Quantities shall be considered or accepted if beyond 
the amount of Shipper Crude Oil which Shipper has readily accessible for 
delivery to Gatherer. If Shipper is unable to deliver Shipper Crude Oil 
equal to its Delivery Quantities, its Delivery Quantities for the 
succeeding Month may be reduced by the amount of Delivery Quantities not 
utilized during the preceding Month if apportionment is necessary.

(viii)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (A) the 
Nominations made by Shipper shall, with respect to each Receipt Point and 
Delivery Point subject to such Nomination, be made at Daily rates that are 
reasonably even and constant, and (B) Shipper may not make any Nomination 
in excess of the applicable capacity constraints for any Delivery Point or 
Receipt Point.

(b)    Gatherer Compliance with Nominations. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, Gatherer is not obligated to receive or 
deliver any Shipper Crude Oil in accordance with a Nomination if (i) the 
information and certifications required by this Agreement have not been 
provided by Shipper (including the information required by Section 1.2(a) 
of the Operating Terms), (ii) such Shipper Crude Oil does not meet the 
applicable quality specifications in Section 1.1(a) of the Operating Terms 
(as revised in accordance with Section 1.1(b) of the Operating Terms), or 
(iii) any of the information provided by Shipper with respect to such 
Nomination materially changes.

(c)    Coordination with Receiving Transporters. The Parties recognize that 
Gatherer must coordinate its actions with those of the Downstream 
Facilities. Accordingly, upon 30 Days written Notice to Shipper, Gatherer 
may modify provisions of the Operating Terms to implement standards 
promulgated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and adopted by any 
Downstream Facility as it relates to the Gathering System or to otherwise 
coordinate the provisions of the Operating Terms with the operating 
conditions, rules, or tariffs of the Downstream Facilities, and Shipper 
agrees to execute such amendment(s) to the Operating Terms proposed by 
Gatherer in good faith that reflect such modifications.

(d)    Shipper Compliance. Shipper covenants and agrees that it shall, in 
relation to each requested receipt or delivery of Shipper Crude Oil (i) act 
in accordance and in a manner consistent with the applicable Nomination, 
and (ii) observe and comply with (A) the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, including these Operating Terms, (B) Applicable Requirements, 
and (C) the Gathering System Rules.
 
Appendix I - Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
1.3    Measurement Devices.

(a)    All Crude Oil Tendered hereunder at Receipt Points and Delivery 
Points shall be measured by a suitable measurement device to be furnished 
and installed (or caused to be furnished and installed) by Gatherer, and 
subsequently kept in repair (or caused to be kept in repair) by Gatherer, 
and located at or near such Receipt Points and Delivery Points.    Such 
measurement devices shall be installed, and operated in accordance with the 
American Petroleum Institute Manual of Petroleum Measurement Standards (the 
MPMS) Chapter 5.2 Measurement of Liquid Hydrocarbons by Displacement 
Meters October 2005, Reaffirmed September 2010, and/or Chapter 5.6 
Measurement of liquid Hydrocarbons by Coriolis Meters October 2002, 
Reaffirmed March 2008, and/or Chapter 5.3 Measurement of Liquid 
Hydrocarbons by Turbine Meters September 2005 (including Addendum 1 dated 
2009) and all amendments and supplements thereto prior to the date of such 
installation.

(b)    For Crude Oil in determining the amount of sediment, water, or other 
impurities and the API Gravity, the Gathering System shall utilize a 
proportion to flow composite sampler. The sampling device shall be 
installed, and operated in accordance with the MPMS Chapter 8.2 Standard 
Practice of Automatic Sampling of Liquid Petroleum and Petroleum products 
Second Edition, October 1995, Reaffirmed, March 2010. All samples shall be 
mixed and handled in accordance with the MPMS Chapter 8.3 Standard Practice 
for Mixing and Handling of Liquid Samples of Petroleum and Petroleum 
Products First Edition, October 1995, Reaffirmed March 2010.


1.4    Measurement Procedures.

(a)    Gatherer shall prove Receipt Point and Delivery Point meter(s) in 
accordance with the MPMS Chapter 4.2 Displacement Provers Third Edition 
September 2003, Reaffirmed , March 2011 and or MPMS Chapter 4.5 Master 
Meter Provers November 2011.

(b)    The meter(s) proving frequency shall be as follows:

(i) Meters at the Receipt Points shall be proved Quarterly.

(ii) Meters at the Delivery Points shall be proved Quarterly.

(c)    Gatherer shall not be required to prove such equipment more 
frequently than specified in this Section 1.4 of the Operating Terms, 
unless a special test is requested by Shipper.

(d)    In the event Shipper desires a special test of any measuring 
equipment, at least 72 hours advance notice shall be given to Gatherer and 
thereafter both Parties shall cooperate to secure a prompt test of the 
accuracy of such equipment. If the measuring equipment tested is found to 
be within the 0.25% range of accuracy compared to the previous proving, 
Shipper shall pay the cost of such special test including any labor and 
transportation costs pertaining thereto. In addition, all related volume 
calculations shall be considered accurate and
 
Appendix I - Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
no adjustment is required. If the measuring equipment tested is found to be 
outside the 0.25% range of accuracy, Gatherer shall be responsible for such 
costs and a mathematical volume correction factor shall be calculated 
comparing the old and new meter factors to be applied for one-half of the 
time period between such proving and the most recent, previous proving.

(e)    Subject to the foregoing, all Crude Oil volumes shall be temperature 
corrected to standard conditions of sixty (60) degrees Fahrenheit and 
fourteen and seventy-three hundredths (14.73) Psia in accordance with the 
latest supplement or amendment to ASTM-IP petroleum measurement tables. All 
calculations of Net Standard Volume, as defined by the API, including 
corrections for sediment and water, will be performed utilizing the current 
API standards.

(f)    To analyze Crude Oil for the API Gravity and sediment, water, or 
other impurities, testing shall be performed in accordance with the MPMS 
Chapter 9.1 Standard Test Method for Density, Relative Density, or API 
Gravity of Crude Petroleum and Liquid Petroleum Products by Hydrometer 
Method Third Edition, December 2012 and MPMS Chapter 10.4 Determination of 
Sediment and Water in Crude oil by Centrifuge Method Fourth Edition October 
2013.

1.5    Curtailment of Crude Oil. If capacity on the Gathering System, or 
any Subsystem or Short-Haul Line thereof, is interrupted, curtailed or 
reduced, or capacity is insufficient for the needs of all shippers desiring 
to use such capacity, the holders of Interruptible Service will be 
curtailed first, the holders of Firm Service shall be curtailed second, and 
the holders of Anchor Shipper Firm Service shall be curtailed last. As 
among the holders of each of Firm Service and Anchor Shipper Firm Service, 
the capacity available on each Subsystem or Short-Haul Line, as applicable, 
to each such class of service under the preceding sentence shall be 
allocated among the holders of the applicable class of service on a pro 
rata basis, based on the percentage derived by dividing the Daily average 
volume of Crude Oil actually Tendered by each holder of the applicable 
class of service to Receipt Points on such Subsystem or Short-Haul Line, as 
applicable, during the prior 90 Day period by the total volume of such 
Crude Oil actually Tendered by all holders of the applicable class of 
service during such period to Receipt Points on such Subsystem or 
Short-Haul Line, as applicable. As among holders of Interruptible Service, 
the capacity available to such service, if any, shall be allocated pro rata 
among the holders of such service based on the percentage derived by 
dividing the Daily average volume of Crude Oil actually Tendered by each 
holder of Interruptible Service to Receipt Points on such Subsystem or 
Short-Haul Line, as applicable, during the prior 60 Day period by the total 
volume of such Crude Oil actually Tendered by all holders of Interruptible 
Service to Receipt Points on such Subsystem or Short-Haul Line, as 
applicable, during such period. During periods of curtailment on the 
Gathering System, the Parties shall meet to review alternative options for 
Shipper to optimize its overall volume throughput and related revenues in 
light of the specific constraints causing such curtailment on the Gathering 
System.

1.6    Allocations. Allocations required for determining payments or Fees 
due under this Agreement shall be made by Gatherer. This Section 1.6 of the 
Operating Terms shall be based upon the measurements taken and quantities 
determined for the applicable Month. The
 
Appendix I - Page 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Product Losses for each Subsystem and Short-Haul Line, as applicable, in 
any Month shall be determined by subtracting (a) the volumes of Crude Oil 
actually delivered to the Delivery Points on such Subsystem or Short-Haul 
Line, as applicable, during such Month, from (b) the volumes of all Crude 
Oil received into the Gathering System at all Receipt Points on such 
Subsystem or Short-Haul Line, as applicable, during such Month.
 
Appendix I - Page 8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
APPENDIX II
DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, capitalized words and terms shall have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms as set forth below.

Additional Crude Oil means any Shipper Crude Oil that is not Dedicated 
Production.

Adequate Assurance has the meaning given such term in Section 18.2.

Adequate Letter of Credit means one or more direct-pay, irrevocable, 
standby letters of credit from a major U.S. commercial bank or a foreign 
bank with a U.S. branch office in either case having a credit rating of at 
least A- (or its equivalent successor rating) from Standard & Poors 
Corporation or A3 (or its equivalent successor rating) from Moodys 
Investor Services, Inc.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, or is 
Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person.

Agreement has the meaning given such term in the preamble hereof.

Anchor Shipper Firm Service means that type of System Service that (a) 
has the highest priority call on capacity of all of the Gathering System, 
or any Subsystem or Short-Haul Line thereof, (b) shall only be subject to 
interruption or curtailment by reason of an event of Force Majeure, 
necessary Gathering System maintenance, or as otherwise expressly set forth 
in this Agreement, and (c) in any event, has a higher priority than 
Interruptible Service, Firm Service and any other permissible level of 
service established by Gatherer with respect to the Gathering System.

Applicable Requirements means (a) any applicable pipelines operating and 
engineering standards, (b) any and all applicable local state and federal 
Laws, and (c) any applicable operating regulations or directions of any 
Governmental Authority.

Bakken Area means, collectively, the following Counties located in North 
Dakota: Adams, Billings, Bottineau, Bowman, Burke, Burleigh, Divide, Dunn, 
Golden Valley, Hettinger, McHenry, McIntosh, McKenzie, McLean, Mercer, 
Morton, Mountrail, Renville, Slope, Stark, Walsh, Ward and Williams.

Barrel means 42 United States standard gallons each of 231 cubic inches 
at 60° Fahrenheit.

Business Day means a Day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks in New York, New York are generally open for business.
 
Appendix II - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
CCT means the time in the Central Time Zone, whether actual or programmed 
as Central Standard Time or Daylight Savings Time, or such other time as 
the Parties may agree upon.

Claiming Party has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1.

Committed Build-Out Costs has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(i).

Committed Build-Out Estimate has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(i).

Committed Build-Outs has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(b)(iii).

Confidential Information has the meaning given such term in Section 19.5
.

Conflicting Dedication has the meaning given such term in Section 4.2.

Control and its derivatives (a) with respect to any Person, mean the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the 
ownership of voting shares, by contract, or otherwise, and (b) with respect 
to any Crude Oil, means the right or obligation (pursuant to a marketing, 
agency, operating, unit or similar agreement or otherwise) of a Person to 
market such Crude Oil, as applicable; provided that such Person has elected 
or is obligated to market such Crude Oil on behalf of a Non-Party.

CPI has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1(e)(ix).

Crude Oil means a mixture of hydrocarbons that exist in a liquid state in 
natural underground reservoirs and that remain liquid at atmospheric 
pressure after passing through mechanical separating facilities.

Current Development Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1.

Current Gathering System Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2.

Day means a period of time beginning at 9:00 a.m. CCT on a calendar day 
and ending at 9:00 a.m. CCT on the succeeding calendar day. The term 
Daily shall have the correlative meaning.

Dedicated Area has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(a)(i).

Dedicated Contracts has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(a)(ii)
.

Dedicated Producer Crude Oil has the meaning given such term in Section 
4.1(a)(i).

Dedicated Production has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(b).
 
Appendix II - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Dedicated Production Estimates has the meaning given such term in 
Section 5.1(b)(iii).

Delivery Point means the points of interconnection of the Gathering 
System described on Exhibit I, which Exhibit may be updated from time to 
time by the Parties pursuant to this Agreement, including pursuant to the 
agreement on an Updated Development Plan and related updated Gathering 
System Plan pursuant to Article 5.

Delivery Quantities has the meaning given such term in Section 1.2(a)(i) 
of the Operating Terms.

Development Period means, as of any date of determination, the greater of 
(a) the then-remaining Term of this Agreement (such remaining Term to be 
calculated using the assumptions that (i) Gatherer has elected to renew 
this Agreement for the Secondary Term hereof and (ii) no Party has elected 
to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Section 2.2(c)) and (b) thirteen 
(13) years.

Development Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1(a).

Downstream Facility means (a) any pipeline downstream of any Delivery 
Point on the Gathering System, (b) any terminalling facility downstream of 
any Delivery Point on the Gathering System, or (c) any truck, rail car, 
tank car or other similar vehicle or piece of equipment, in each case, 
designated by Shipper to receive deliveries of Shipper Crude Oil at any 
Delivery Point.

Effective Time has the meaning given such term in the preamble of this 
Agreement.

Excluded Fields has the meaning given such term in Exhibit B-1.

Exclusive Producer Purchase Right has the meaning given such term in 
Section 15.1(b).

Executive Election has the meaning given such term in Section 5.3(e).

Executive Representative has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.3(e)(i).

Fees mean, collectively, the Gathering Fees, Injection Fees and the 
Shortfall Fees.

Firm Service means that type of System Service that (a) other than Anchor 
Shipper Firm Service, has the highest priority call on capacity of all of 
the Gathering System, or any Subsystem or Short-Haul Line thereof, (b) 
shall only be subject to interruption or curtailment by reason of an event 
of Force Majeure, necessary Gathering System maintenance, or as otherwise 
expressly set forth in this Agreement, and (c) in any event, has a higher 
priority than Interruptible Service.

Force Majeure has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1.
 
Appendix II - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Gatherer has the meaning given to it in the preamble of this Agreement.

Gatherer Group has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2.

Gathering Fees means the Goliath Gathering Fee, the Hawkeye Gathering Fee 
and/or the Red Sky Gathering Fee, as the context requires.

Gathering Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(a).

Gathering System has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Gathering System Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(a).

Gathering System Rules means the rules communicated to Shipper by 
Gatherer, in each case, pertaining to access, safety, conduct and use of 
the Gathering System.

Goliath Gathering Fee has the meaning given such term in Exhibit G-1.

Goliath MVC means the MVC applicable to the Goliath Subsystem.

Goliath Subsystem has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local, municipal, tribal 
or other government; any governmental, regulatory or administrative agency, 
commission, body or other authority exercising or entitled to exercise any 
administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, regulatory or taxing 
authority or power; and any court or governmental tribunal, including any 
tribal authority having or asserting jurisdiction.

Group means (a) with respect to Shipper, the Shipper Group, and (b) with 
respect to Gatherer, the Gatherer Group.

Hawkeye Gathering Fee has the meaning given such term in Exhibit G-1.

Hawkeye MVC means the MVC applicable to the Hawkeye Subsystem.

Hawkeye Subsystem has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Historical Capital Expenditures means $**.

Initial Term has the meaning given such term in Section 2.2.

Injection Fee has the meaning given such term in Exhibit G-1.

Injection Points means those Receipt Points that are located on the 
Short-Haul Lines (and not the Subsystems).
 
Appendix II - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Interest Rate means, on the applicable date of determination (a) the 
prime rate (as published in the Money Rates table of The Wall Street 
Journal, eastern edition, or if such rate is no longer published in such 
publication or such publication ceases to be published, then as published 
in a similar national business publication as mutually agreed by the 
Parties), plus (b) an additional two percentage points (or, if such rate is 
contrary to any applicable Law, the maximum rate permitted by such 
applicable Law).

Interruptible Service means all obligations of Gatherer to provide System 
Services with respect to Crude Oil, which obligations are designated as 
interruptible and as to which obligations Gatherer may interrupt its 
performance thereof for any or no reason.

Invoice has the meaning given such term in Section 12.1.

Laws means any applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, 
order, code, ruling, writ, injunction, decree or other official act of or 
by any Governmental Authority.

Loss or Losses means any actions, claims, settlements, judgments, 
demands, liens, losses, damages, fines, penalties, interest, costs, 
expenses (including expenses attributable to the defense of any actions or 
claims), attorneys fees and liabilities, including Losses for bodily 
injury, death, or property damage.

Maintenance Capital Estimate has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(ii).

Maintenance Capital Expenditures means cash expenditures (including 
expenditures for the construction of new capital assets or the replacement, 
improvement or expansion of existing capital assets) by Gatherer that are 
made to maintain, over the long term, the operating capacity of the 
Gathering System. For purposes of this definition, long term generally 
refers to a period of not less than 12 Months.

Minimum Volume Commitment or MVC has the meaning given such term in 
Section 6.1.

Month means a period of time beginning at 9:00 a.m. CCT on the first Day 
of a calendar month and ending at 9:00 a.m. CCT on the first Day of the 
next succeeding calendar month. The term Monthly shall have the 
correlative meaning.

MPMS has the meaning given such term in Section 1.3(a) of the Operating 
Terms.

MVC Shortfall Credits has the meaning given such term in Section 6.2.

Nominate and its derivatives have the meaning given such terms in 
Section 1.2 of the Operating Terms.

Non-Party means any Person other than a Party to this Agreement.

Non-Party Crude Oil means Crude Oil owned by a Non-Party.
 
Appendix II - Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 19.2.

OFO means an operational flow order or similar order respecting operating 
conditions issued by a Downstream Facility.

Operating Expense Estimate has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(c)(iii).

Operating Terms means those additional terms and conditions applicable to 
the System Services provided under this Agreement, as set forth in 
Appendix I.

Operational Failure means any explosions, breakage or accidents to 
machinery or lines of pipe that are not caused by the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of Shipper.

Original Agreement has the meaning given such term in the recitals to 
this Agreement.

Party or Parties has the meaning given such term in the Preamble.

PDA means, with respect to a Receipt Point or Delivery Point, a 
predetermined allocation directive from, or agreement with, Shipper.

Person means any individual, corporation, company, partnership, limited 
partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, Governmental 
Authority or any other entity.

Planned Delivery Point has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.1(b)(vii).

Planned Receipt Point has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.1(b)(iv).

Planned Well has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1(b)(ii).

Producer means Hess Bakken Investments II, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company, and any of such Persons successors and assigns.

Product Loss means any Crude Oil received into the Gathering System that 
is lost, deemed lost or otherwise not accounted for incident to, or 
occasioned by, the provision of the System Services, including through 
leaks, instrumentation, relief valves, evaporation, shrinkage, line loss, 
clingage, discoloration, deterioration, or blow downs of pipelines, 
vessels, or equipment; provided, however that Product Loss shall not 
include any Crude Oil that is lost as a result of Gatherers gross 
negligence or willful misconduct.

Product Loss Allowance means **%.

Psia means pounds per square inch absolute.

Quarter means a period of three consecutive Months, commencing on the 
first day of January, the first day of April, the first day of July and the 
first day of October in any Year.
 
Appendix II - Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Recalculation Election has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1(e)
.

Receipt Point means the connecting flanges on the Gathering System that 
are described on Exhibit H, which Exhibit may be updated from time to time 
by the Parties pursuant to this Agreement, including pursuant to the 
agreement on an Updated Development Plan and related updated Gathering 
System Plan pursuant to Article 5.

Red Sky Gathering Fee has the meaning given such term in Exhibit G-1.

Red Sky MVC means the MVC applicable to the Red Sky Subsystem.

Red Sky Subsystem has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Residual Value has the meaning given such term in Exhibit G-2.

Return on Capital means ** percent (**%), as such return level may be 
modified by Gatherer pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.1(d).

Secondary Term has the meaning given such term in Section 2.2.

Shipper has the meaning given such term in the preamble of this 
Agreement.

Shipper Group has the meaning given such term in Section 16.3.

Shipper Crude Oil has the meaning given such term in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

Shipper Parent has the meaning given such term in Section 18.1.

Shortfall Fee has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1(c).

Short-Haul Lines has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Subsystem means any of the Goliath Subsystem, Hawkeye Subsystem or Red 
Sky Subsystem, as the same may be amended or modified by a System 
Extension.

System Budget has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(c).

System Extension has the meaning given such term in Section 5.2(b)(iii).

System Services has the meaning given such term in Section 3.1.

Target Completion Date has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.2(b)(iv).

Temporary Release has the meaning given such term in Exhibit B-1.
 
Appendix II - Page 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Tender and its derivatives mean, with respect to Crude Oil, the act of 
Shippers making Shipper Crude Oil available or causing Shipper Crude Oil 
to be made available to the Gathering System at a Receipt Point.

Term has the meaning given such term in Section 2.2.

TEXA means that certain Terminal and Export Services Agreement, dated 
effective as of the Effective Date, by and between Shipper and Hess North 
Dakota Export Logistics LLC, as the same may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time.

Uneconomic has the meaning given such term in Section 10.1(b)(i).

Updated Development Plan has the meaning given such term in Section 
5.1(a).

Well means a well for the production of hydrocarbons that is either 
producing, or is intended to produce, Dedicated Production.

Year means a period of time on and after January 1 of a calendar year 
through and including December 31 of the same calendar year; provided that 
the first Year shall commence on the execution date of the Original 
Agreement and run through December 31 of that calendar year, and the last 
Year shall commence on January 1 of the calendar year and end on the Day on 
which this Agreement terminates.
 
Appendix II - Page 8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT A-1
GOLIATH SUBSYSTEM

The Goliath Subsystem consists of pipelines, interconnections, facilities, 
equipment, appurtenances and surface rights that are in the process of 
being constructed, in each case, located north of the Little Missouri River 
and in Williams County, North Dakota.

The Goliath Subsystem will, once placed in-service (a) commence at the 
Receipt Points denoted in the Tariff Field column of Exhibit H as GO, 
and (b) terminate at the applicable Delivery Points described in Exhibit I
.
 
Exhibit A-1 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT A-2
HAWKEYE SUBSYSTEM

The Hawkeye Subsystem consists of existing pipelines, interconnections, 
facilities, equipment, appurtenances and surface rights, in each case, 
located in McKenzie and Williams Counties, North Dakota.

The Hawkeye Subsystem (a) commences at the Receipt Points denoted in the 
Tariff Field column of Exhibit H as HA, and (b) terminates at the 
applicable Delivery Points described in Exhibit I.
 
Exhibit A-2 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT A-3
RED SKY SUBSYSTEM

The Red Sky Subsystem consists of existing pipelines, interconnections, 
facilities, equipment, appurtenances and surface rights, in each case, 
located north of the Little Missouri River and in Williams, Mountrail, 
Divide and Burke Counties, North Dakota.

The Red Sky Subsystem (a) commences at the Receipt Points denoted in the 
Tariff Field column of Exhibit H as RS, and (b) terminates at the 
applicable Delivery Points described in Exhibit I.
 
Exhibit A-3 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT A-4
SHORT-HAUL LINES
 
Short-Haul Line Name
   	Originating
Location 	   	Delivery
Location 	   	LACT# 	   	Existing /
Future
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 
Exhibit A-4 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT B-1
DEDICATED AREA; EXCLUDED FIELDS

The Dedicated Area is the entire Bakken Area.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as of the Effective Time, the Parties have 
agreed that the Excluded Fields shall be temporarily released from the 
dedication hereunder, but only with respect to Shipper Crude Oil formerly 
owned or Controlled by Producer and produced from those oil and gas 
properties located in the Excluded Fields that are operated by Producer 
(the Temporary Release). The Temporary Release shall be effective for a 
period of three Years from and after the Effective Time; provided, however, 
that the Temporary Release may be extended, as to each then-applicable 
Excluded Field, on a Year-to-Year basis, and in each case, for a period of 
one additional Year. The Parties shall use their good faith efforts to 
reach agreement on whether to extend all or a portion of the Temporary 
Release on or prior to July 1 of each Year in which the Temporary Release 
remains applicable. Should the Parties be unable to mutually agree, on or 
prior to such July 1 date, whether to extend all or a portion of the 
Temporary Release as of such time, the Parties shall utilize the executive 
negotiation provisions of Section 5.3(e) to resolve such dispute. If, 
following the implementation of the provisions of Section 5.3(e), (a) no 
agreement has been reached pursuant to Section 5.3(e) by December 31 of 
such Year, then the then-applicable Temporary Release shall automatically 
be extended for one additional year, or (b) it is determined that all or a 
portion of the Temporarily Release then-in effect should not be extended, 
then such portion(s) of the Temporary Release may not then be later 
extended in a subsequent Year.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Temporary Release does not affect any 
Shipper Crude Oil formerly owned or Controlled by Producer and produced 
from those oil and gas properties located in the Excluded Fields that are 
not operated by Producer, but from which Producer has elected to take its 
applicable production in-kind.

The Excluded Fields are more particularly described below. The Excluded 
Fields referenced below are (i) field name references utilized by Producer 
and Shipper and do not correlate to specific North Dakota Industrial 
Commission field names, and (ii) defined by the maps included on the 
following pages.
 
Excluded Fields
 **
 **
 **
 **
 **
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
**
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
**
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
**
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
**
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
**
 
Exhibit B-1 - Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT B-2
DEDICATED CONTRACTS

NONE.
 
Exhibit B-2 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT C
CONFLICTING DEDICATIONS
 
#
   	
Party
   	
Agreement
   	
Effective
   	
Term
   	
Area/Volume
 1.
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 2.
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 3.
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 4.
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 5.
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 6.
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**

The Parties agree that, with respect to the Conflicting Dedications 
described above as numbers 3 through 6, Shipper shall first utilize Barrels 
of Shipper Crude Oil to meet such Conflicting Dedications that were 
formerly owned or Controlled by Producer and produced from those oil and 
gas properties located in the then-applicable Excluded Fields that are 
operated by Producer.

The Parties agree that, with respect to the Conflicting Dedication 
described above as number 3, Shipper may only deliver volumes of Shipper 
Crude Oil under such Conflicting Dedication from wells in the ** field that 
are not connected to the Gathering System at the time of production or from 
the Excluded Fields.

The Parties agree that, with respect to the Conflicting Dedication 
described above as number 5, Shipper may only deliver volumes of Shipper 
Crude Oil under such Conflicting Dedications from (i) wells that are 
directly connected to ** gathering facilities as of January 1, 2017, (ii) 
wells ** that are not connected to the Gathering System at the time of 
production or (iii) from the Excluded Fields.

For the avoidance of doubt, no Shipper Crude Oil subject to a Conflicting 
Dedication is, or shall be, included in any Dedicated Production Estimates 
contained in any Development Plan delivered by Shipper hereunder while the 
applicable Conflicting Dedication is still in effect.
 
* 	The Parties have agreed that ** Conflicting Dedication may be extended 
beyond its current term for up to an additional ** years, resulting in a 
term ending as late as **.
 
Exhibit C - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT D
CURRENT DEVELOPMENT PLAN

Notwithstanding anything in Section 5.1 to the contrary, the Parties 
acknowledge that the Current Development Plan contained in this Exhibit D 
does not contain all of the information called for by Section 5.1 with 
respect to each Development Plan, as it is recognized that current Shipper 
reporting, process, and system capabilities limit the Current Development 
Plan to the detail shown below.

See Schedules attached to the following pages.
 
Exhibit D - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SCHEDULE 1  DEDICATED OIL ESTIMATES BY SUBSYSTEM AND SHORT-HAUL LINE1
 
MBblsd 	   	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	3Q17 	  	
4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 Goliath System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Gathering to RTF / TRT
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Gathering to 3rd Party
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Prospective 3rd Party Volumes
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Hawkeye System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Gathering to RTF / TRT
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Gathering to 3rd Party
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Prospective 3rd Party Volumes
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Red Sky System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Gathering to RTF / TRT
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Gathering to 3rd Party
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   Prospective 3rd Party Volumes
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Total
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	   	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	  	2032 	  	  	2033 	 
 Goliath System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Gathering to RTF / TRT
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Gathering to 3rd Party
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Prospective 3rd Party Volumes
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Hawkeye System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Gathering to RTF / TRT
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Gathering to 3rd Party
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Prospective 3rd Party Volumes
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Red Sky System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Gathering to RTF / TRT
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Gathering to 3rd Party
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   Prospective 3rd Party Volumes
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
 Total
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 
1  	Schedule 1 is broken out by Subsystem and Short-Haul Line Receipt Point 
groups, and not by individual Receipt Points. See lead in paragraph to this 
Exhibit D.
 
Exhibit D - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
 
Short-haul Lines 	   	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	
3Q17 	  	4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
 Goliath System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Hawkeye System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Red Sky System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Total
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	   	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	  	2032 	  	  	2033 	 
 Goliath System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Hawkeye System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Red Sky System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
 Total
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 
Exhibit D - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SCHEDULE 2  DEDICATED OIL ESTIMATES BY DELIVERY POINT2
 
MBblsd 	   	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	3Q17 	  	
4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 Terminals Inlet3
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	   	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	  	2032 	  	  	2033 	 
 Terminals Inlet
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 
Short-haul Lines 	   	1Q16 	  	2Q16 	  	3Q16 	  	4Q16 	  	1Q17 	  	2Q17 	  	
3Q17 	  	4Q17 	  	1Q18 	  	2Q18 	  	3Q18 	  	4Q18 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
 
 Goliath System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Hawkeye System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Red Sky System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
   	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
 Total
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	   	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	2023 	  	2024 	  	2025 	  	2026 	
  	2027 	  	2028 	  	2029 	  	2030 	  	2031 	  	  	2032 	  	  	2033 	 
 Goliath System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Hawkeye System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Red Sky System Gathering
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
   	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
 Total
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 
2  	Schedule 2 is broken out by general Delivery Point groups, and not by 
individual Delivery Points. See lead in paragraph to this Exhibit D.
3  	Terminals Inlet includes volumes gathered and trucked in gathering 
system and third party purchases delivered inlet to the terminals.
 
Exhibit D - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT E
CURRENT GATHERING SYSTEM PLAN

The Current Gathering System Plan includes the information required by 
Section 5.2(b):

Section 5.2(b)(i): See Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2, Exhibit A-3, and Exhibit 
A-4.

Section 5.2(b)(ii): See Exhibit H, and Exhibit I.

Section 5.2(b)(iii): See Schedule 1 attached below.

Section 5.2(b)(iv): See Schedule 1 attached below.

Section 5.2(b)(v): See Schedule 2 attached below.


SCHEDULE 1: SYSTEM EXTENSIONS AND TARGET COMPLETION DATES
 
$(thousands)
   	Target
Completion
Date 	 
 Various Red Sky System Extension Items
   	  	2029 	  
 Various Hawkeye System Extension Items
   	  	2021 	  
 Various Goliath System Extension Items
   	  	2029 	  


SCHEDULE 2: CHANGES TO FEES DUE TO A RECALCULATION ELECTION
 
FEE TYPE: 	   	FEE AMOUNT: 	 
 Gathering Fees:
   	 	 	
 Goliath Gathering Fee
   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
 Hawkeye Gathering Fee
   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
 Red Sky Gathering Fee
   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
 Injection Fee:
   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
 
Exhibit E - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Included below is the System Budget that corresponds to the Current 
Gathering System Plan set forth in this Exhibit E.

Such System Budget includes the information required by Section 5.2(c):

Section 5.2(c)(i): See Schedule A attached below.

Section 5.2(c)(ii): See Schedule B attached below.

Section 5.2(c)(iii): See Schedule C attached below.

Section 5.2(c)(iv): See Schedule D attached below.


SCHEDULE A: COMMITTED BUILD-OUT COSTS
 
$(thousands) 	   	2016 	   	2017 	   	2018 	   	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	  
 	2022 	   	2023
 Red Sky Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Hawkeye Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Goliath Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
 Total
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**


SCHEDULE B: MAINTENANCE CAPITAL ESTIMATES
 
$(thousands) 	   	2016 	   	2017 	   	2018 	   	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	  
 	2022 	   	2023
 Red Sky Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Hawkeye Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Goliath Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
 Total
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**


SCHEDULE C: OPERATING EXPENSE ESTIMATES
 
$(thousands) 	   	2016 	   	2017 	   	2018 	   	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	  
 	2022 	   	2023
 Red Sky Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Hawkeye Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Goliath Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
 Total
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 
Exhibit E - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
SCHEDULE D: ESTIMATED SCHEDULE OF MAINTENANCE
 
$(thousands) 	   	2016 	   	2017 	   	2018 	   	2019 	   	2020 	   	2021 	  
 	2022 	   	2023
 Red Sky Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Hawkeye Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 Goliath Crude Oil Gathering
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
   	
 
 Total
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 
Exhibit E - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT F
CURRENT MINIMUM VOLUME COMMITMENTS
 
  	   	MVC AMOUNT (BARRELS/DAY): 	 
MVC Type
   	1Q
2016 	  	   	2Q
2016 	  	   	3Q
2016 	  	   	4Q
2016 	  	   	1Q
2017 	  	   	2Q
2017 	  	   	3Q
2017 	  	   	4Q
2017 	  	   	1Q
2018 	  	   	2Q
2018 	  	   	3Q
2018 	  	   	4Q
2018 	 
   Goliath
   	  	9,267 	   	   	  	8,961 	   	   	  	8,724 	   	   	  	8,898 	   	   	
  	7,814 	   	   	  	8,205 	   	   	  	9,194 	   	   	  	10,740 	   	   	  	
17,855 	   	   	  	17,915 	   	   	  	17,352 	   	   	  	18,552 	  
   Hawkeye
   	  	12,059 	   	   	  	11,593 	   	   	  	12,108 	   	   	  	12,670 	   	
   	  	38,669 	   	   	  	38,620 	   	   	  	39,411 	   	   	  	38,793 	   	
   	  	64,273 	   	   	  	64,146 	   	   	  	64,175 	   	   	  	63,752 	  
   Red Sky
   	  	26,358 	   	   	  	26,424 	   	   	  	26,481 	   	   	  	26,533 	   	
   	  	29,779 	   	   	  	29,820 	   	   	  	29,857 	   	   	  	30,194 	   	
   	  	34,240 	   	   	  	31,460 	   	   	  	31,311 	   	   	  	30,538 	  
 
Exhibit F - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-1
FEES
 
FEE TYPE: 	   	FEE AMOUNT: 	 
Gathering Fees: 	   	 	 	
Goliath Gathering Fee 	   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
Hawkeye Gathering Fee 	   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
Red Sky Gathering Fee 	   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
Injection Fee: 	   	  	$**/Barrel 	  
 
Exhibit G-1 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-2
FEE RECALCULATION MODEL


Original Methodology
 
  	 	  	The production profile used will be based on the Current 
Development Plan. To the extent appropriate, the production profile is 
adjusted by an operating factor of **% to reflect realistic operations. 
Further, the Current Development Plan will be adjusted to reflect major 
maintenance and turnarounds.
 
  	 	  	Initial capital (opening balance) is based upon net book value as 
of December 31, 2013.
 
  	 	  	Committed Build-Out Costs and Maintenance Capital Estimates are 
based on the Current Gathering System Plan.
 
  	 	  	Operating Expense Estimates are derived from the Current Gathering 
System Plan.
 
  	 	  	Includes projected public company and executive management costs 
allocated on a pro rata basis to the assets.
 
  	 	  	Includes major maintenance and turnaround expenses
 
  	 	  	Residual Value equals (a) the sum of initial capital and 
Committed Build-Out Costs over the Initial Term (10 years), multiplied by 
(b) (i) one, minus (ii) (A) the ratio of cumulative throughput from the 
Current Development Plan in the Initial Term (10 years), divided by (B) the 
cumulative throughput from the Current Development Plan over the full plan 
period (20 years).
 
  	 	  	The Return on Capital (unadjusted), using a mid-year convention, 
was utilized.
 
  	 	  	Fees are expressed as an escalating $/Mcf or $/Barrel, as 
applicable, figure required to achieve the Return on Capital.
 
  	 	  	Fees are escalated based on the average annual percentage change 
in the CPI for the 10 years prior to each Recalculation Election date or 
2.4% for calendar year 2014 and will be expressed on an annual basis in 
forward years.
 
  	 	  	Market-based Fees not subject to target return calculation but 
subject to CPI escalation:
 
  	 	  	Injection Fees
 
  	 	  	If applicable, pass-through costs (power and utilities, other) and 
market-based revenue streams (compression fees, short-haul/injection fees, 
other) are set to offset costs to be recovered.
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Redetermination Methodology

Each year, if a Recalculation Election is made pursuant to Section 7.1(e), 
the Fees will be recalculated to reflect:
 
  	 	  	The enumerated items in Section 7.1(e)(i) through (ix).
 
  	 	  	The present value of prior year(s) revenue and throughput will be 
subtracted from the Required Cost Recovery and Escalating Tariff 
Throughput (as each such term is used in the following example 
calculations) calculations so that the new Fees reflect costs to be 
recovered over the remaining Term coupled with expected throughput.
 
  	 	  	Operating Expense Estimates based upon the latest updated 
Gathering System Plan for the applicable year and subsequent years. Prior 
year(s) Operating Expense will not be trued-up to actuals.
 
  	 	  	Projected public company and executive management costs allocated 
on a pro rata basis to the assets.
 
  	 	  	Major maintenance and turnaround expenses not otherwise included 
in the above listed items.
 
  	 	  	Any scheduled downtime of the Gathering System.
 
  	 	  	Adjusted Residual Value based on latest Updated Development Plan.
 
  	 	  	All other assumptions will be the same as the Original Methodology 
set forth above.
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Example Fee Calculation
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	
Calculation / Notes
  	2013 	  	2014 	  	  	2015 	  	  	2016 	  	  	2017 	  	  	2018 	  	  	
2019 	  	  	2020 	  	  	2021 	  	  	2022 	  	  	2023 	  	  	2024 	 
  	
 A
  	
 Discounting Date
  	 	  	31-Dec 	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	
30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	
30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	   	  	  	30-Jun 	  
  	
 B
  	
 IRR (**%)
  	 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 C
  	
 Tariff Escalation Index (**%)
  	CPI annual update 	  	** 	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	
  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	
** 	   	  	  	** 	   	  	  	** 	  
 Cost Estimates
  	 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 D
  	
 Initial capital
  	 	  	# 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 E
  	
 Committed Build-Out Costs
  	 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	
  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 F
  	
 Maintenance Capital Estimates
  	 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	
  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 G
  	
 Operating Expenses
  	 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	
  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
  	
 H
  	
 Total Costs before Add backs
  	D+E+F+G 	  	# 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
 Add backs (decreases required cost recovery)
  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 I
  	
 Power & Utilities Pass-through *
  	 	  	 	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	
- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	
- # 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 J
  	
 Compression Revenues *
  	$** * C * High Pressure Gas 	  	 	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- 
# 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- 
# 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 K
  	
 Short-Haul / Injection Revenues *
  	$** * C * Short-Haul Vol. 	  	 	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	
   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	
   	  	  	- # 	   	  	  	- # 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 L
  	
 Residual Value
  	See description 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	  	- # 	  
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
  	  	
 
 
 
  	
 M
  	
 Total Add backs
  	I+J+K+L+X 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	
  	# 	  
  	
 N
  	
 Net Total Costs
  	H-M 	  	# 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	
   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	  
  	  	  	  	  	= xnpv (B, A, N)  	  	PV @ **%  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	O 	  	Required Cost Recovery 	  	xnpv (2014 actual revenue) 	  	as of 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	1/1/14 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
Throughput Estimate (Mbbls or MMcf)
  	  	  	2013 	  	2014 	  	  	2015 	  	  	2016 	  	  	2017 	  	  	2018 	  	
  	2019 	  	  	2020 	  	  	2021 	  	  	2022 	  	  	2023 	  	  	2024 	 
  	
 P
  	
 2014 Nomination
  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 Q
  	
 Operating Factor *
  	 	  	 	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	
  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	  	% 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 R
  	
 Net Throughput
  	= P * Q 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	
 S
  	
 Escalated Net Throughput
  	= R * C 	  	 	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	
# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	  	# 	   	  	 	 	
  	  	  	  	  	= xnpv (B, A, S)  	  	PV @ **%  	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	T 	  	Escalating Tariff Throughput 	  	xnpv (2014 actual throughput) 	  	
as of 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	1/1/14 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
Tariff Rate & Tariff Revenue
 
  	  	  	2013 	  	2014 	  	  	2015 	  	  	2016 	  	  	2017 	  	  	2018 	  	
  	2019 	  	  	2020 	  	  	2021 	  	  	2022 	  	  	2023 	  	  	2024 	 
  	
 U
  	
 2014 Tariff Rate
 ($/Bbl or $/Mcf)
  	= O / T 	  	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	
  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	  	 	 	
  	
 V
  	
 Tariff Revenue
  	
xnpv (B, A, V) -
xnpv (2014 actual revenue) = O
  	 	  	  	U*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	
U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	  	U*C*R 	
   	  	  	U*C*R 	   	  	 	 	
 
* 	Note: Not applicable to all tariffs
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Example Redetermination Election Fee Calculation (First Redetermination 
Election)
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	
Calculation / Notes
  	2013 	  	
2014
  	2015 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	
2023 	  	2024
  	
 A
  	Discounting Date 	  	 	  	31-Dec 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	
30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	30-Jun 	  	
30-Jun
  	
 B
  	IRR (TBD%) 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	
  	
  	
 C
  	Tariff Escalation Index (TBD%) 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	**% used for illustrative purposes 	  	CPI annual update 	  	** 	  	
** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 Cost Estimates
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	
 D
  	Initial capital 	  	 	  	# 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	
  	 	  	
  	
 E
  	Committed Build-Out Costs 	  	 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	
  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 F
  	Maintenance Capital Estimates 	  	 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 G
  	Operating Expenses 	  	 	  	 	  	ISP 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 H
  	Total Costs before Add backs 	  	D+E+F+G 	  	# 	  	Actual/ISP 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
 Add backs (decreases required cost recovery)
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
  	
 I
  	Power & Utilities Pass-through * 	  	 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
  	
 J
  	Compression Revenues * 	  	$** * C * High Pressure Gas 	  	 	  	Actual 	
  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
  	
 K
  	Short-Haul / Injection Revenues * 	  	$** * C * Short-Haul Vol. 	  	 	  	
Actual 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	- # 	  	
- # 	  	
  	
 L
  	
 Residual Value
  	See description 	  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	
 
  	- #
  	
 M
  	Total Add backs 	  	I+J+K+L+X 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	#
  	
 N
  	Net Total Costs 	  	H-M 	  	# 	  	Actual/ISP 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	#
  	
 O
  	Required Cost Recovery 	  	
= xnpv (B, A, N) 
xnpv(2014 actual revenue)
  	PV @ TBD% as 
of 1/1/14 for
Redetermination 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
Throughput Estimate (Mbbls or MMcf)
  	  	  	2013 	  	
2014
  	2015 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	
2023 	  	2024
  	
 P
  	2015 Nomination 	  	 	  	 	  	n/a 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 Q
  	Operating Factor * 	  	 	  	 	  	n/a 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	
% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	% 	  	
  	
 R
  	Net Throughput 	  	= P * Q 	  	 	  	Actual 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 S
  	Escalated Net Throughput 	  	= R * C 	  	 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	
  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	# 	  	
  	
 T
  	Escalating Tariff Throughput 	  	
= xnpv (B, A, S) 
xnpv(2014 actual throughput)
  	PV @ TBD% as 
of 1/1/14 for
Redetermination 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
Tariff Rate & Tariff Revenue
 
  	  	  	2013 	  	
2014
  	2015 	  	2016 	  	2017 	  	2018 	  	2019 	  	2020 	  	2021 	  	2022 	  	
2023 	  	2024
  	
 U
  	
2015 Tariff Rate in 2014 $
($/Bbl or $/Mcf)
  	= O / T 	  	 	  	2014 Rate 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	
U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C 	  	U*C
  	
 V
  	Tariff Revenue 	  	
xnpv (B, A, V) 
xnpv(2014 actual revenue) = O
  	 	  	Actual 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	
  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	U*C*R 	  	
 
* Note: Not applicable to all tariffs
 
Exhibit G-2 - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT G-3
SECONDARY TERM FEE

Effective as of the first Year of the Secondary Term, each Fee hereunder 
shall be calculated in the following manner:

1.    For the first Year of the Secondary Term, each Fee shall be an amount 
equal to the simple average of: (a) an amount equal to (i) the amount of 
such Fee for the eighth Year of the Initial Term, increased by (ii) the 
percentage change in the CPI from the eighth Year of the Initial Term to 
the first Year of the Secondary Term, (b) an amount equal to (i) the amount 
of such Fee for the ninth Year of the Initial Term, increased by (ii) the 
percentage change in the CPI from the ninth Year of the Initial Term to the 
first Year of the Secondary Term, and (c) an amount equal to (i) the amount 
of such Fee for the tenth Year of the Initial Term, increased by (ii) the 
percentage change in the CPI from the tenth Year of the Initial Term to the 
first Year of the Secondary Term.

2.    For each Year during the Term following the first Year of the 
Secondary Term, each Fee shall be an amount equal to: (a) the amount of 
such Fee for the immediately preceding Year (as calculated pursuant to 
Section 7.1(h)), increased by (b) the percentage change in the CPI from the 
then-immediately preceding Year to such current Year.

3.    For purposes of determining any Fee pursuant to this Exhibit G-3 
during the Secondary Term and thereafter (a) no increase to any Fee 
resulting from any application of the CPI adjustment described above in 
subpart (2)(b) shall exceed 3.0% for any given Year, and (b) no Fee shall 
ever be decreased as a result of any application of the CPI adjustment 
described above in subpart (2)(b) to an amount less than the amount of such 
Fee as calculated pursuant to Section 7.1(h) for the prior Year.
 
Exhibit G-3 - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT H
RECEIPT POINTS
 
Receipt Point Name
   	
Tariff Field
   	
Field Name
   	
Type
   	
LACT #
   	
Existing / Future
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 
Exhibit H - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Receipt Point Name
   	
Tariff Field
   	
Field Name
   	
Type
   	
LACT #
   	
Existing / Future
 **
   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	** 	   	**
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 
Exhibit H - Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Receipt Point Name
   	
Tariff Field
   	
Field Name
   	
Type
   	
LACT #
   	
Existing / Future
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 
Exhibit H - Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Receipt Point Name
   	
Tariff Field
   	
Field Name
   	
Type
   	
LACT #
   	
Existing / Future
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 
Exhibit H - Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
Receipt Point Name
   	
Tariff Field
   	
Field Name
   	
Type
   	
LACT #
   	
Existing / Future
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **
   	
 **


Note: SL=Split LACT, GO=Goliath, RS=Red Sky, HA=Hawkeye
 
Exhibit H - Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT I
DELIVERY POINTS
 
Delivery Point Name
   	Delivery Pt.
Location 	  	Originating
Facility 	  	Type 	  	Meter # 	  	Existing /
Future
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**
 **
   	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	** 	  	**

Note: SL=Split LACT
 
Exhibit I - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT J
INSURANCE

Each of the Parties shall maintain or self-insure, and shall require its 
applicable subcontractors or agents who (a) in the case of Gatherer, are 
providing any of the System Services hereunder, or (b) in the case of 
Shipper, are delivering any Crude Oil to the Receipt Points and/or 
receiving any Crude Oil at the Delivery Points hereunder, in each case, to 
maintain or self-insure, during the Term, the following insurance coverage:
 
  	1. 	Workers Compensation Insurance, covering obligations under all 
applicable Laws and employers liability insurance in the amount of 
$1,000,000 per occurrence.
 
  	2. 	General Liability Insurance, including contractual liability, with 
limits of $1,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence bodily injury and 
property damage with a $2,000,000 annual aggregate.
 
  	3. 	Automobile Liability Insurance, with limits of $1,000,000 combined 
single limit per occurrence bodily injury and property damage. Such 
automobile insurance will apply to all owned and non-owned vehicles.
 
Exhibit J - Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR 
THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN FILED 
SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE 
BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH TWO ASTERISKS (**).
 
EXHIBIT K

NOTICE INFORMATION

If to Gatherer:

Hess North Dakota Pipelines LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: Director, Commercial - Midstream
Fax: (713) 496-8028
Email: michael.frailey@hess.com

with a copy to:

Hess North Dakota Pipelines LLC
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: Operations Director
Fax: (713) 496-8028
Email: jtamborski@hess.com


If to Shipper:

Hess Trading Corporation
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: US Crude Oil Marketing
Fax: (713) 496-8028
Email: wharvey@hess.com

with copies to:
 
Hess Trading Corporation
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: HTC Pipeline Scheduler
Fax: (866) 581-8748
Email: ssalch@hess.com
   	
Hess Trading Corporation
1501 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attn: HTC Legal
Fax: (713) 496-8028
Email: kbaehl@hess.com
   	
 
Exhibit K - Page 1