 EX-10.19 35 d201422dex1019.htm EX-10.19
Exhibit 10.19

FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION

as Landlord

And

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

as Tenant
 

 

SUBLEASE AGREEMENT
 

 

Dated as of July 21, 2015

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUBLEASE AGREEMENT

THIS SUBLEASE AGREEMENT, is made and entered into on July 21, 2015, by and 
between FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION, a New York not-for-profit 
corporation having a mailing address at 259 Fuller Road, Albany, New York 
12203, (the Landlord) and Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. a corporation duly 
organized under the laws of Delaware, and having its principal place of 
business at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, NY 14203, (the Tenant).


RECITALS:

A. Conventus Partners, LLC (Prime Landlord) is ground lessee of the real 
property commonly known as 1001 Main Street, Buffalo, New York (the 
Property) which Property is described on Exhibit A attached hereto and 
made a part hereof.

B. Landlord, as tenant, leases certain space, including the Leased Premises 
(as defined below in Section 1), under that certain Lease Agreement, as 
amended, with Prime Landlord, dated as of December 4, 2014 (Prime Lease).

C. In accordance with that certain Agreement for Medical Technology 
Research, Development, Innovation, and Commercialization Alliance, 
effective as of May 1, 2015, between Landlord and Tenant (Alliance 
Agreement), Landlord desires to sublease to Tenant and Tenant desires to 
sublease from Landlord the Leased Premises on the terms and conditions set 
forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the 
representations and agreements contained in this Sublease Agreement, the 
parties agree as follows:

1. Leased Premises. Landlord hereby leases to Tenant and Tenant agrees to 
lease from Landlord approximately Fifty-One Thousand (51,000) rentable 
square feet (the Leased Premises), including 14,000 square feet for a 
formulation testing lab and pilot plan, 2,000 square feet for a chemistry 
lab for a biological and analytical testing lab, 24,000 square feet for 
office and training space, 3,000 square feet for mechanicals, and related 
infrastructure, located on the sixth (6th) floor of the building 
(Building) located on the Property, upon the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Sublease Agreement, which Leased Premises are depicted with 
more particularity on Exhibit B attached hereto.

The net rentable area shall include a common area factor which shall be 
included in the calculation of Base Rent (hereinafter defined), and 
Additional Rent (hereinafter defined) for the Leased Premises.

In determining the number of rentable or useable square feet, all 
measurements shall be performed pursuant to the standards and methods of 
measurement set forth by the Building Owners and Managers Association 
International (BOMA) Office Buildings: Standard Methods of Measurement and 
Calculating Rentable Area (2010) (BOMA 2010). If the amount of rentable 
square feet of the Leased Premises is adjusted by Landlord and Prime 
Landlord under the Prime Lease, then Landlord and Tenant shall amend this 
Sublease Agreement in accordance with the adjustment under the Prime Lease.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Landlords Work. Consistent with Sections 5.1(e)-(f) and Exhibit C of 
the Alliance Agreement, Landlords obligation with respect to the Leased 
Premises shall be as set forth on Exhibit C, attached hereto and 
incorporated herein. Landlord will use its best efforts to have the office 
space included within the Leased Premises substantially completed no later 
than October 1, 2015 and the lab/technical space included within the Leased 
Premises substantially completed no later than March 31, 2016. In 
accordance with Section 5.1(g) of the Alliance Agreement, under no 
circumstances will Landlords costs for the Premises and the Laboratory 
Equipment identified in Exhibit C exceed $25 million in the aggregate.

3. Term. The term of this Sublease Agreement shall be for ten (10) Lease 
Years (the Term), commencing on August 1, 2015 (Commencement Date) and 
ending on the last day of the tenth (10th) Lease Year unless sooner 
terminated as permitted in this Lease. Tenant shall begin to pay Landlord 
Base Rent and Additional Rent for the Leased Premises on August 1, 2015 
(the Rent Commencement Date). If fit-up for the Leased Premises is not 
completed by August 1, 2015, then Tenant will be allowed to begin moving 
into the Leased Premises while fit-up is being finalized. The term Lease 
Year as used herein shall mean a period of twelve (12) consecutive full 
calendar months (except for the first Lease Year, which may be longer). The 
first Lease Year shall commence on the Commencement Date. The first Lease 
Year shall expire at midnight on the last day of the twelfth (12th) full 
month following Rent Commencement Date. Succeeding Lease Years shall each 
commence on the first (1st) day following the end of the preceding Lease 
Year. Tenant shall have the option to extend the Term of the Sublease 
Agreement for an additional ten (10) year period. This option to extend the 
Term may be exercised by Tenant by providing written notice to Landlord at 
least forty-eight months prior to the end of the Term. If Tenant does not 
timely exercise its option to extend the Term of this Sublease Agreement, 
or if an event of default has occurred and remains uncured by Tenant, then 
such option is null and void and be of no further force or effect. In no 
event shall the Term of this Sublease Agreement extend beyond the term of 
the Prime Lease.

4. Use.

Tenant shall occupy, use and operate the Leased Premises solely for uses 
permitted under the terms of the Ground Lease (as hereinafter defined), and 
no other purposes (collectively the Permitted Uses). Tenant shall not use 
or allow the Leased Premises or any part thereof to be used or occupied for 
an unlawful purpose or in violation of any certificate of occupancy or 
completion affecting the Leased Premises or in any manner which may 
constitute a nuisance, public or private, or make void or voidable any 
insurance then in force with respect thereto.

Tenant shall at its own cost and expense promptly observe and comply with 
all laws, ordinances, requirements, orders, directives, rules and 
regulations of the federal, state, county, or municipal governments and of 
all governmental authorities (collectively, Laws) affecting its occupancy 
of and conduct of its business at the Leased Premises, whether the same are 
in force at the commencement of the term of this Sublease Agreement or may 
be in the future passed, enacted or directed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Rent.

Tenant covenants and agrees to pay to Landlord base rent (Base Rent) as 
follows:
 
Lease Years
   	Base Rent Per Rentable Square Foot Per Lease Year 	 
 1-3
   	$ 	8.15 	 
 4-10
   	$ 	25.30 	 

If Tenants option to extend the term is exercised Tenant covenants and 
agrees to pay to Landlord base rent (Base Rent) as follows:
 
 11-15
   	$ 	27.32 	 
 16-20
   	$ 	29.35 	 

One-twelfth of annual Base Rent and Additional Rent shall be paid in 
advance by Tenant to Landlord without notice on the first day of each month 
without offset or deduction to Landlord, in its name, at 257 Fuller Road, 
Albany, New York 12203, or to such other address or payee as Landlord may 
designate in writing. In the event that the Commencement Date is other than 
on the first of the month, then Base Rent and Additional Rent for the 
balance of the month shall be pro-rated accordingly and paid on or prior to 
the Commencement Date and the full term of the Lease shall commence on the 
first day of the following month.

Tenant shall be required to pay any applicable taxes levied against rental 
payments made hereunder including, but not limited to, any sales, use or 
similar tax imposed on rent, if any.

Tenant agrees to pay all rents and other charges under the terms of this 
Lease when they are due and payable. Any Base Rent or Additional Rent or 
other sums due and payable pursuant to this Lease remaining unpaid five (5) 
days after due date or any other charges remaining unpaid ten (10) days 
after receipt of invoice shall accrue interest at the Interest Rate as 
defined in Section 12 below from such tenth (10th) day, until paid.

6. Tenants Pro Rata Share of Operating Costs.

(a) Beginning effective as of the Rent Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay 
to Landlord as Additional Rent its pro rata share of (i) all state and 
local real estate taxes and assessments (including any sewer charges 
included in the tax bill), and payments in lieu thereof, and all other 
charges and assessments imposed upon the Property, (ii) premiums for fire, 
casualty, rent, liability and other insurance maintained by Landlord, 
including, without limitation, coverage for such perils as may be 
reasonably required by Landlords lender as may exist from time to time 
(Mortgagee) or as is desired by Landlord and is, in Landlords opinion, 
prudent for the Building and Property and (iii) the costs of all services 
performed by Landlord, including, without limitation, those set forth in 
Exhibit D [(i), (ii) and (iii) collectively being Operating Costs]. 
Operating Costs shall include a management fee of not more than five 
percent (5%). If Landlord or Tenant secures a reduction or exemption from 
real property taxes related solely to the Leased Premises, Tenant will be 
solely entitled to such reduction or abatement. Any other reduction or
abatement shall be allocated among all tenants of the Building 
proportionately in accordance with their respective rentable square 
footage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Beginning effective as of the Commencement Date and thereafter prior to 
December 15th of each calendar year Landlord shall deliver to Tenant 
Landlords reasonable estimate of the aggregate amount which will be 
incurred by Landlord for the Operating Costs during the forthcoming 
calendar year or, in the first or last year of the term, the applicable 
part thereof. Tenant shall pay as Additional Rent by the first day of each 
month of a full or partial calendar year during the term of this Sublease 
Agreement, that fraction of Tenants pro rata share for such full or 
partial calendar year, the numerator of which shall be one (1) and the 
denominator of which shall be twelve or the number of months in the term 
occurring in such year. As soon as reasonably possible after the completion 
of each year, but in no event later than April 1st, or, in the final year 
of the term, as soon as reasonably possible after completion of the term, 
Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a statement of the actual Operating Costs 
incurred during such year or applicable part thereof and Tenant shall remit 
to Landlord within thirty (30) days thereafter the amount, if any, by which 
Tenants pro rata share thereof exceeds the aggregate amount paid by Tenant 
toward the Operating Costs during such year or applicable part thereof. In 
the event that the aggregate amount paid by Tenant exceeds its actual pro 
rata share, Landlord shall credit such excess against Tenants estimated 
payments toward its pro rata share of the Operating Costs for the next year 
or, except that if in the final Lease Year, the amount paid by Tenant as 
estimated Operating Costs for such final Lease Year exceeds the actual 
Operating Costs for such Lease Year, Landlord shall remit such excess to 
Tenant no later than thirty (30) days after expiration of the final Lease 
Year.

(c) For purposes of this Section 6, Tenants pro rata share of each 
component of Operating Costs shall be that fraction, the numerator of which 
is the number of rentable square feet leased by Tenant and the denominator 
of which is the number of rentable square feet of space in the Building or 
(if any service is not applicable to all tenants), in that portion of the 
Building to which such component is applicable. Not less than thirty (30) 
days prior to the Commencement Date, Landlord shall provide Tenant with 
written confirmation as to the rentable square footage.

The obligations of the parties relating to Tenants payment of its pro rata 
share of the Operating Costs for the year in which this Sublease Agreement 
expires shall survive the expiration of this Sublease Agreement.

7. Landlords Services. Provided that Tenant is not in default of any of 
the terms, conditions or provisions contained in this Sublease Agreement, 
Prime Landlord shall, during the Term of this Sublease Agreement, and 
subject to Tenants obligation to pay its pro rata share thereof in 
accordance with Section 6, provide those services listed in Exhibit D 
attached hereto and made a part hereof. Unless otherwise specified, such 
services shall be provided from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Mondays through 
Fridays and from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Saturdays, holidays excluded 
(Normal Business Hours). Prime Landlord shall generally provide 
janitorial services after Normal Business Hours. Landlord shall not be 
required to provide or perform any services except as specifically set 
forth herein and in Exhibit D.

8. Utilities. Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining and shall pay for 
all gas, water, telephone service, information technology services, sewer 
(to the extent not included in the tax bill as sewer rent), electricity and 
other utility services used in or to be supplied for the Leased

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Premises, including any deposits for meters and/or service. Prime Landlord 
will install a check or sub meter at Prime Landlords expense to 
measure Tenants water and/or other utility usage within the Leased 
Premises. Tenant shall pay for water and/or other utility usage as 
Additional Rent within thirty (30) days after receipt of an invoice from 
Landlord. Electricity usage by Tenant shall be pursuant to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Electricity Rider attached hereto as Exhibit E
.

9. Maintenance and Repairs.

(a) Tenant shall, at its sole expense, be responsible for maintaining the 
Leased Premises in a good, orderly and safe condition and shall notify 
Landlord of all repairs required to be made thereto.

(b) Prime Landlord or Landlord shall, at Tenants sole expense: (i) make 
all repairs required to the Leased Premises, including, without limitation, 
repairs to those components of the heating, ventilating and 
air-conditioning (HVAC), plumbing, water, electrical, and sprinkler (if 
any) systems which are located within the Leased Premises or serve the 
Leased Premises exclusively; and (ii) repair any damage to the Property, 
the Leased Premises, the Building or any appurtenances thereto caused by 
the misuse or negligence of Tenant, its employees or invitees. The cost of 
any services provided by Landlord or Prime Landlord at Tenants expense 
shall be payable by Tenant as Additional Rent within 30 days after receipt 
of a statement for same.

(c) Prime Landlord shall, at Prime Landlords sole expense, provide 
structural repairs to the foundation roof, loadbearing walls, exterior 
walls, loadbearing columns of the Building and the common areas of the 
Property as needed in its reasonable judgment, unless caused by the misuse 
or negligence of Tenant, its employees or invitees.

(d) Subject to Tenants obligation to pay its pro rata share of Operating 
Costs, Prime Landlord shall provide the maintenance and repairs listed on 
Exhibit D.

(e) Tenant shall not be entitled to any partial or total abatement of Base 
Rent for periods during which repairs are required to be made pursuant to 
Section 9, whether such repairs are the responsibility of Landlord or 
Tenant.

10. Access to the Leased Premises. Tenant agrees that Landlord or Prime 
Landlord and their agents shall have the right to enter the Leased 
Premises: (a) during normal business hours upon giving Tenant least 24 
hours advance notice to inspect, show to existing or prospective 
mortgagees, purchasers or, during the last nine (9) months of the Term 
hereof, tenants; (b) in the event of a bona fide emergency at any time and 
without notice; and (c) at such times as may be necessary or desirable to 
provide repairs or janitorial services, if applicable.

11. Quiet Enjoyment. Landlord covenants that so long as Tenant is not in 
default hereunder, it shall and may peaceably and quietly have, hold and 
enjoy the Leased Premises during the Term of this Sublease Agreement and 
any renewal or extension hereof, subject to the provisions hereof, and any 
easements, restrictions or agreements to which the Leased Premises are now 
or shall hereafter be subject.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12. Alterations. Except for normal office decorations which do not damage 
the Leased Premises (whether upon their installation, removal or 
otherwise), Tenant shall make no alterations, additions or improvements 
(collectively, Alterations) in or to the Leased Premises without 
Landlords prior written consent. Landlord shall not unreasonably 
condition, withhold or delay its consent to any Alteration subject to Prime 
Landlord and/or Mortgagee approval (if such consent is required). In the 
event that Landlord consents to any Alterations they shall be made at 
Tenants sole expense, and Tenant shall, before making any such 
Alterations, obtain all permits, approvals and certificates required by any 
governmental body or agency, and certificates of final approval thereof, 
and shall deliver promptly duplicates of all such permits, approvals and 
certificates to Landlord. Tenant agrees to carry, or to cause its 
contractor and subcontractors to carry, such workers compensation, general 
liability, personal and property damage insurance as Landlord may require. 
Tenant shall compensate Landlord for Landlords reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses in reviewing any plans and/or specifications for any proposed 
Alteration, whether or not Landlord consents to the making of same. Any 
amounts due from Tenant and not paid within thirty (30) days of when 
invoiced shall incur interest at a rate that is the greater of five percent 
(5%) above the then prime interest rate or twelve percent (12%) per annum 
(the Interest Rate).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Sublease Agreement, Tenant 
agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against all 
losses, expenses, costs (including reasonable attorneys fees), claims, 
fines, penalties, suits, causes of action and damages, including, without 
limitation, personal injury or death, arising from or connected with any 
Alterations or other work done by Tenant or any contractor or subcontractor 
retained by or on behalf of Tenant, regardless of whether such Alteration 
or other work was performed with Landlords consent, except to the extent 
caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord.

Tenant has no authority or power to cause or permit any lien or 
encumbrance, created by act or omission of Tenant to be attached to or be 
placed upon the Property, and any and all liens and encumbrances created by 
Tenant shall be attached only to its interest in the Leased Premises. Any 
lien or claim of lien filed against the Leased Premises for work claimed to 
have been done for, or for materials claimed to have been furnished to, 
Tenant shall, within thirty (30) days thereafter, be discharged by Tenant, 
or, at the discretion of Tenant, be bonded pursuant to the New York Lien 
Law, at Tenants expense. If Tenant fails to discharge (or, if permitted, 
bond) any such liens, then Landlord may, at its option, bond or discharge 
such lien, and the costs incurred by it in such discharge or bonding shall 
be due from Tenant on demand and shall bear interest at the Interest Rate.

13. Liability. Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord, 
Prime Landlord, each Mortgagee, the State University of New York 
Polytechnic Institute, The Research Foundation for the State University of 
New York (collectively the Landlord Parties) and their respective 
members, agents and employees (collectively, together with the Landlord 
Parties, the Indemnified Parties) from and against all causes of action, 
claims, damages, losses and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, 
resulting from or arising out of bodily injury or death, or damage to or 
destruction of property, in connection with Tenants use or occupancy of 
the Leased Premises, whether the same be asserted by third parties, Tenant 
or Tenants agents, contractors, employees, invitees or licensees, except, 
as to Landlord Parties, to the extent caused by Landlord Parties or 
Landlord Parties agents, contractors, employees, invitees or licensees

------------------------------------------------------------------------
negligence or intentional misconduct and except, as to a Mortgagee, to the 
extent caused by the gross negligence or intentional misconduct of such 
Mortgagee or its agents, contractors, employees, invitees or licensees.

Moreover, Landlord Parties shall not be liable for any damage or injury to 
any improvements to the Leased Premises made by Tenant, to any property in 
the Leased Premises, or to Tenant, its agents, contractors, employees, 
invitees or licensees, arising from any use or condition of the Leased 
Premises including, without limitation, any injury or damage to persons or 
property resulting from fire, explosion, collapse, falling plaster, steam, 
gas, electricity, water, rain or snow or leaks from any part of the Leased 
Premises or from the pipes, sprinklers, appliances or plumbing works or 
from the roof, street or subsurface or from any other place or by dampness 
or by any other cause whatsoever, except, as to Landlord or Prime Landlord, 
to the extent caused by Landlord or Prime Landlord or their agents, 
contractors, employees, invitees or licensees negligence or intentional 
misconduct.

In no event shall Landlord Parties be responsible for consequential or 
indirect damages.

14. Insurance.

(a) Tenant shall, at its expense, at all times during the Term of this 
Sublease Agreement maintain in force a policy or policies with insurance 
carriers acceptable to Mortgagee of (i) commercial general liability 
insurance, including contractual liability for Tenants obligations of 
indemnity hereunder and liability for both bodily injury and property 
damage, against claims for loss of life, bodily injury and property damage 
occurring in, on or about the Leased Premises or with respect to the 
operations of Tenant in the Leased Premises, in which the limit of public 
liability coverage shall be not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) 
for combined single limit bodily injury, death, and property damage 
liability (the CGL Policy), (ii) fire, casualty and extended risk 
insurance covering Tenants property and inventory used or stored at the 
Leased Premises and (iii) workers compensation and employers liability 
coverage providing statutorily required benefits. The CGL Policy shall be 
written on ISO Occurrence form CG 00 01 10/01 or a substitute form 
providing equivalent coverage and shall cover liability arising from 
premises and operations, independent contractors, [products-completed 
operations and personal and advertising injury] and liability assumed under 
an insured contract (including tort liability of another assumed in a 
business contract). If the CGL Policy contains a General Aggregate limit, 
such General Aggregate limit shall apply separately to each location. 
Landlord Parties shall be included as additional insureds, using ISO 
Additional Insured Endorsement CG 20 10 11/85 or both CG 20 10 10/01 and CG 
20 37 10/01 or equivalent coverage to the additional insured. Coverage for 
Landlord and each other additional insured shall be as broad as the 
coverage for Tenant and shall apply as primary insurance on a 
non-contributory basis before any other insurance or self-insurance, 
including any deductible, maintained by or provided to Landlord or such 
other additional insured. Each such policy of insurance shall be written by 
one or more insurance companies licensed to do business in the State of New 
York with an AM Best rating of A-VIII or better, shall name Landlord 
Parties as additional insureds and as the certificate holders thereof, with 
express waivers of subrogation against Landlord Parties, and shall provide 
that if the insurers cancel such insurance for any reason whatsoever, or 
the same is allowed to lapse or expire, or there be any reduction in 
amount, or any material change is made in the coverage, such

------------------------------------------------------------------------
cancellation lapse, expiration, reduction or change shall not be effective 
as to Landlord Parties until thirty (30) days after receipt by Landlord 
Parties, as the case may be, of written notice thereof. A copy of each 
policy and endorsement shall be delivered to Landlord Parties on or before 
the commencement of the Term of this Sublease Agreement, and copies of all 
policies and endorsements with respect to all renewals, extensions or 
replacements thereof shall thereafter be furnished to Landlord Parties at 
least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration or cancellation of any 
policies and endorsements which they replace. Tenant shall promptly (and in 
any event at least five (5) business days prior to the date on which notice 
is required to be given to the insurer under such policies) notify both 
Landlord and the insurer in writing of any occurrence which might give rise 
to a claim under any of the policies required to be maintained by Tenant 
under this Sublease Agreement. Tenant further agrees to comply in timely 
fashion with all of the obligations of the insured under each such policy 
and shall defend, indemnify and hold Landlord Parties harmless from any 
liability, loss, cost and/or expense suffered or incurred by Landlord 
Parties as a result of Tenants failure to comply with the provisions of 
this Section 14(a).

(b) Subject to Tenants obligation to pay a portion of the cost thereof as 
a component of the Operating Costs, Prime Landlord will carry the insurance 
described in item 5 of Exhibit D.

(c) Tenant shall also give Landlord written notice thereof as soon as 
reasonably practical after it becomes aware of any occurrence or incident 
which might give rise to a claim against Landlord, including, without 
limitation, any incident or occurrence within the Leased Premises, the 
common areas of the Building, the parking lot or elsewhere on the Property.

15. Fire or Other Casualty. In the event that the Leased Premises shall be 
rendered untenantable by fire or other casualty, Landlord shall be entitled 
to the proceeds of all applicable insurance maintained by Landlord, and 
shall, at its option, either (a) terminate this Sublease Agreement by 
giving Tenant written notice thereof within forty-five (45) days from the 
later to occur of (i) the date of said damage or destruction or (ii) 
notification from a Mortgagee that it shall not permit the entire insurance 
proceeds required for restoration of the Building to be used for such 
purpose (the Notice Date), or (b) repair or replace the Leased Premises 
to substantially the same condition as prior to the damage or destruction 
(exclusive of Alterations made by Tenant). If Landlord fails to commence to 
repair the damage or destruction to the Property within seventy-five (75) 
days following the date of such damage or destruction, or if the Leased 
Premises shall not have been substantially replaced or repaired as 
expeditiously as possible, but in no event more than three hundred sixty 
five (365) days after the date Landlord commences the repair of such damage 
or destruction, Tenant may at its option, terminate this Sublease Agreement 
by giving written notice to Landlord within fifteen (15) days after 
Landlords failure to commence or substantially complete said repairs 
within the applicable time period. The Base Rent and Additional Rent herein 
required to be paid shall abate during the period of such untenantability, 
to the extent that such abatement is covered by Prime Landlords rent 
insurance (or, if Prime Landlord has failed to obtain rent insurance in 
accordance with item 5 of Exhibit D, to the extent that the abatement would 
have been covered had Prime Landlord obtained such insurance). Whether or 
not all or any part of the Leased Premises has been rendered untenantable 
thereby, Landlord shall also have the option to terminate this Sublease 
Agreement if such a substantial portion of the Building is damaged by fire 
or other casualty that Landlord decides not to rebuild. Landlord may 
exercise its option by giving Tenant written notice thereof on or before 
the Notice Date.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If the Leased Premises shall be damaged in part by fire or other casualty, 
but still remain partially tenantable, Landlord shall repair the Leased 
Premises to substantially the same condition as prior to the damage 
(exclusive of Alterations made by Tenant). Landlord shall commence repair 
of the damage or destruction within sixty (60) days from the date of 
occurrence and complete them with reasonable diligence. During the period 
of such repairs and restorations, this Sublease Agreement shall continue in 
full force and effect, and Tenant shall be required to pay the Base Rent 
and Additional Rent herein reserved, abated by the percentage of area the 
Leased Premises destroyed as compared to the total area of the Leased 
Premises, to the extent that such abatement is covered by Prime Landlords 
rent insurance (or, if Prime Landlord has failed to obtain rent insurance 
in accordance with item 5 of Exhibit D, to the extent that the abatement 
would have been covered had Prime Landlord obtained such insurance).

16. Eminent Domain. In the event that all or any portion of the Building 
shall be taken by any governmental authority under the exercise of its 
right of eminent domain or similar right (or by act in lieu thereof), all 
right, title and interest in and to any award granted (or sums paid in lieu 
thereof) shall belong entirely to Landlord, and Tenant hereby assigns to 
Landlord all of its interest, title or claim, if any, in and to such award 
(or sums paid in lieu thereof), including, but not limited to, any part of 
such award attributable to Tenants leasehold interest, if any. Nothing 
contained herein shall preclude Tenant from seeking a separate award from 
the condemning authority for its relocation expenses and loss of any trade 
fixtures. In the event of a partial permanent taking, Base Rent and 
Additional Rent shall be reduced as of the date of such taking by an amount 
which shall equitably reflect the portion of the Leased Premises taken. If 
the taking is permanent and of such a substantial nature that (a) it 
includes more than 25% of the Leased Premises and (b) Tenant cannot conduct 
its operations in the Leased Premises, Tenant shall have the option, to be 
exercised by notice in writing to Landlord within thirty (30) days after 
such taking, of terminating this Sublease Agreement, or, if such taking be 
total, this Sublease Agreement shall terminate upon the taking. In the 
event that this Sublease Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 
16, Tenant shall not have any claim against Landlord for the balance of the 
unexpired Term of this Sublease Agreement.

17. Subordination; Non-Disturbance. This Sublease Agreement is subject and 
subordinate to each Mortgage which now encumber or shall hereafter encumber 
the Property. On the Commencement Date, Prime Landlord shall furnish Tenant 
with an executed, nondisturbance agreement in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit F from the holder of each mortgage encumbering the Building as of 
such date.

18. Estoppel Certificate. Tenant shall, once annually, upon not less than 
twenty (20) days prior written request by Landlord, execute, acknowledge 
and deliver to Landlord a written estoppel certificate in such form as 
Landlord may reasonably require, certifying that this Sublease Agreement is 
unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been 
modifications that the same is in full force and effect as modified and 
stating the modifications), the dates to which the Base Rent and Additional 
Rent have been paid, whether or not to the best of Tenants knowledge 
Landlord is in default hereunder (and if so, specifying the nature of the 
default), and such other matters as may be required by any Mortgagee or 
purchaser of the Property, it being intended that any such statement 
delivered pursuant to this Section 18 may be relied upon by a prospective 
purchaser of Landlords interest or by a Mortgagee, prospective Mortgagee 
or any assignee or prospective assignee of any Mortgage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. Default.

(a) Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of 
Default hereunder:

(i) If any representation or warranty made by Tenant herein or in 
connection with any Mortgage shall prove to be false, misleading or 
incorrect in any material respect as of the date made; or

(ii) If Tenant fails to pay any installment of Base Rent or Additional Rent 
or any other sum to be paid by Tenant within ten (10) days after it is due 
(any monetary amounts due Landlord pursuant to this Sublease Agreement 
shall be considered to be Additional Rent); or

(iii) If Tenant fails to remedy a default by it with respect to any of the 
other covenants, conditions and agreements contained herein or in any 
rider, exhibit or other addendum hereto, within thirty (30) days after 
notice thereof; provided, however, that if the default is of such a nature 
that it cannot reasonably be cured within thirty (30) days, the foregoing 
shall not be an Event of Default provided that Tenant: (A) within said 
thirty (30) day period delivers to Landlord written notice of its intention 
to cure; (B) commences the cure within said thirty (30) day period; and (C) 
diligently continues to prosecute the cure; and (D) completes the cure 
prior to the expiration of the applicable grace period under any Mortgage; 
or

(iv) If Tenant abandons or vacates the Leased Premises or ceases to conduct 
its business therein; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not 
constitute an Event of Default if and for so long as Tenant (A) notifies 
Landlord at least thirty (30) days prior to vacating the Leased Premises; 
and (B) continues to pay all Base Rent and Additional Rent due hereunder 
and to perform all of its obligations hereunder in timely fashion; and (C) 
pays increased insurance premiums, if any, occasioned by its vacating the 
Leased Premises; and (D) provides reasonable security measures for the 
Leased Premises reasonably satisfactory to Landlord; or

(v) If (A) a petition in bankruptcy is filed by Tenant, any guarantor, or 
any other person or entity that becomes liable for the performance of the 
obligations of Tenant (any guarantor or such other person or entity being a 
Responsible Party), or (B) proceedings under any bankruptcy or debtors 
relief law or seeking the appointment of a receiver or similar relief are 
commenced against Tenant or a Responsible Party and are not dismissed 
within thirty (30) days, or (C) Tenant or a Responsible Party becomes 
insolvent or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they 
become due, or (D) proceedings are commenced by Tenant or a Responsible 
Party seeking the appointment of a receiver or similar relief.

(b) If an Event of Default shall occur, Landlord may, in addition to any 
other right or rights or damages which Landlord may have pursuant to 
subsection (c) below, serve a written three (3) days notice of 
cancellation of this Sublease Agreement upon Tenant, and upon the 
expiration of said three (3) days, this Sublease Agreement and the Term 
hereunder shall end and expire as fully and completely as if the date of 
expiration of such three (3) days period were the day herein definitely 
fixed for the end and expiration of this Sublease Agreement and the Term 
thereof, and Tenant shall then quit and surrender the Leased Premises to 
Landlord, but Tenant shall remain liable as hereinafter provided. If the 
three (3) day notice of cancellation shall have been

------------------------------------------------------------------------
given, and the Term shall expire as aforesaid, or if any execution or 
attachment shall be issued against Tenant or any of Tenants property 
whereupon the Leased Premises shall be taken or occupied by someone other 
than Tenant, then and in either of such events Landlord may, without 
notice, re-enter the Leased Premises and dispossess Tenant and the legal 
representative of Tenant or other occupant of the Leased Premises by 
summary proceedings or otherwise, and remove their effects and hold the 
Leased Premises as if this Sublease Agreement had not been made, but Tenant 
shall remain liable hereunder as hereinafter provided.

(c) Should an Event of Default occur Landlord shall have the following 
options in addition to any rights or remedies set forth above:

(i) Landlord may collect from Tenant any other loss or damage Landlord may 
sustain by reason of any breach and any diminished value of the Leased 
Premises resulting from said breach;

(ii) in the event of a breach by Tenant of any of the covenants or 
provisions of this Sublease Agreement, Landlord shall have the right to 
enjoin any such; or

(iii) Landlord may cure such default by Tenant at Tenants expense, and 
upon completion of such cure by Landlord Tenant shall, upon demand and as 
Additional Rent, reimburse Landlord for all costs in connection therewith.

(d) Any and all rights and remedies which Landlord may have under this 
Sublease Agreement and any rider hereto attached and made a part hereof and 
at law or in equity shall be cumulative and shall not be deemed 
inconsistent with each other, and any two or more or all of such rights and 
remedies may be exercised at the same time. Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein to the contrary, Landlord hereby agrees, following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, to use commercially reasonable efforts 
to mitigate its damages.

20. Failure to Insist on Strict Performance. The failure of either party to 
insist, in any one or more instances, upon strict performance of any 
covenant, term, provision or agreement of this Sublease Agreement shall not 
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment thereof, but the same shall 
continue and remain in full force and effect, notwithstanding any law, 
usage or custom to the contrary. The receipt by Landlord of Base Rent 
and/or Additional Rent with knowledge of the breach of any covenant or 
agreement hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of the rights of Landlord 
with respect to such breach. No waiver by a party of any provision hereof 
shall be deemed to have been made unless expressed in writing and signed by 
the waiving party.

21. Surrender of Leased Premises.

(a) Tenant shall, upon the termination of this Sublease Agreement, by lapse 
of time or otherwise, return the Leased Premises to Landlord in as good 
condition as when received, loss by fire or other unavoidable casualty and 
reasonable wear and tear excepted. It is understood and agreed that the 
exception made as to loss by fire or other unavoidable casualty does not 
include damages, fires or casualties caused or contributed to by the act or 
neglect of Tenant, its servants, agents, employees, invitees or licensees, 
and not compensated for by insurance. Tenant shall surrender all keys to 
the Leased Premises and inform Landlord of all combinations on locks, safes 
and vaults therein.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) All installations, additions, fixtures, and permanent improvements in 
or upon the Leased Premises, whether placed there by Landlord or Tenant, 
including, without limitation, paneling, permanent partitions, railings, 
wall-to-wall carpeting and flooring, shall, at Landlords option, become 
the property of Landlord and shall remain upon the Leased Premises at the 
termination of this Sublease Agreement without compensation, allowance or 
credit to the Tenant. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, Tenant shall remove 
any or all installments, additions, fixtures (whether or not trade 
fixtures) and/or improvements if so directed by Landlord at least thirty 
(30) days prior to the expiration or termination of the Term and shall 
repair any damage caused by such removal. Unless Landlord otherwise directs 
at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration or termination of the 
Term, Tenant shall remove all telecommunications and data cabling installed 
by Tenant and repair all damage caused thereby.

(c) Any furniture, equipment, machinery or movable property owned by Tenant 
and brought onto the Leased Premises during Tenants occupancy thereof and 
not removed at the termination of the Sublease Agreement shall be deemed to 
have been abandoned by Tenant and shall without any further act by Tenant, 
be conclusively deemed to have been conveyed by Tenant to Landlord as by 
bill of sale without further payment or credit by Landlord to Tenant and 
may be sold by Landlord or disposed of by Landlord as it sees fit. Any 
amount realized upon any such a sale shall be the property of Landlord. If 
Landlord directs Tenant to remove any or all of such property, Tenant shall 
remain liable for the cost of its removal and for the cost of restoring the 
Leased Premises after such removal.

(d) The provisions of this Section 21 shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Sublease Agreement, for the period of one (1) year.

22. Holding Over. Should Tenant fail to vacate the Leased Premises at the 
termination hereof, such holding over shall operate and be construed to be 
a tenancy from month to month only, at a base monthly rental equal to the 
base monthly rental paid for the last month of the Term of this Sublease 
Agreement plus fifty percent (50%) of such amount, unless otherwise agreed 
in writing, plus Additional Rent as provided herein and otherwise subject 
to the conditions, obligations and provisions of this Sublease Agreement. 
No such holding over or payment or acceptance of Base Rent or Additional 
Rent resulting therefrom shall constitute or be deemed reconfirmation or 
renewal of this Sublease Agreement. Nothing in this Section 22 shall be 
construed as consent by Landlord to the possession of the Leased Premises 
after the expiration or termination of this Sublease Agreement.

23. Expenses and Attorneys Fees. Tenant shall pay to Landlord as 
Additional Rent hereunder all reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and 
all other expenses which may be incurred by Landlord (to the extent that 
same are not paid to Landlord pursuant to any insurance policies maintained 
by Tenant in accordance with this Sublease Agreement) in enforcing any of 
the obligations of Tenant under this Sublease Agreement or in any other 
litigation or dispute in which Landlord shall become involved through or 
because of Tenants use or occupancy of the Leased Premises, any action or 
omission of Tenant, or the breach of any representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements of Tenant contained in or relating to this Sublease 
Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
24. Assignment and Subletting.

(a) Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord, Prime 
Landlord and each Mortgagee (if its Mortgage so requires), have the right 
to assign this Sublease Agreement, or sublet, or encumber the Leased 
Premises in whole or in part, or permit any other person or entity to 
occupy or use same, which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned 
withheld or delayed. No attempted assignment or subletting, whether with 
the consent of Landlord, Prime Landlord and each Mortgagee whose consent is 
required or in violation of this Section 24, shall relieve the original 
Tenant from liability for payment of rent or other sums due hereunder, or 
from being bound by any of the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements 
of this Sublease Agreement. No partial assignment of this Sublease 
Agreement will be permitted without Landlords consent, which Landlord may 
grant or deny in Landlords sole discretion.

(b) In the event that Landlord consents to any assignment, Tenant shall pay 
to Landlord 100% of the amount paid by the assignee for the assignment [net 
of Tenants actual and reasonable costs for advertising, legal fees and 
brokers commissions in connection therewith (Costs)]. In the event that 
Landlord consents to any sublease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount, 
if any, by which the rentals thereunder exceed the rentals due from Tenant 
hereunder (net of Costs). Acceptance of rent from any other person or 
entity shall not be deemed a waiver of any of the provisions of this 
Sublease Agreement or to be a consent to the assignment of this Sublease 
Agreement or to the subletting, encumbrance or use or occupancy by another 
of the Leased Premises.

(c) In the event that Landlord, Prime Landlord and Mortgagees whose consent 
is required consent to any proposed assignment, subletting, encumbrance, or 
granting of a right of use or occupancy, such consent shall not be deemed 
to be a consent to any other or further assignment, subletting, encumbrance 
or granting of a right of use or occupancy.

25. Broker. The parties agree that this agreement was not brought about 
without the assistance of any broker. Each party shall indemnify the other 
with respect to the claim of any broker alleging to have acted on behalf of 
the indemnifying party.

26. Rules and Regulations. Tenant agrees to follow all rules and 
regulations set forth in Exhibit G attached hereto and such rules and 
regulations as may be promulgated from time to time by Landlord or Prime 
Landlord with respect to the Building and the Property.

27. Miscellaneous.

(a) This Sublease Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be 
binding upon, Landlord and Tenant, and their respective successors and 
assigns.

(b) This Sublease Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without reference to the 
principles of conflicts of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably consents to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the City of Buffalo, County of 
Erie and State of New York and of the federal courts located in the

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Western District of New York for all purposes in connection with any 
action, suit or proceeding which arises out of or relates to this Sublease 
Agreement. To the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable 
law, each party hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way 
of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to 
the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection which it may now or 
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such action, suit or 
proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such action, 
suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum.

(c) Tenant hereby waives the provision of Section 227 of the New York Real 
Property Law, or any law of like import now or hereafter in effect.

(d) All notices, certificates or other communications hereunder shall be 
addressed:
 
To Landlord: 	   	
Fort Schuyler Management Corporation
   	
257 Fuller Road
   	
Albany, New York 12203
   	
Attn: Walter G. Barber
To Tenant: 	   	
Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
   	
701 Ellicott Street
   	
Buffalo, New York 14203
   	
Attn:

or to such other person or address as Landlord or Tenant may hereafter 
direct by giving notice as provided herein. Notices shall be deemed to have 
been received upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt or attempted 
delivery and refusal of the addressee to accept same (ii) on the first 
business day after the notice has been deposited with a recognized 
overnight courier or the third business day after the notice has been 
deposited in a mail box or office of the U.S. Postal Service, postage 
prepaid or (iii) upon receipt if sent by receipted facsimile followed by 
delivery by one of the methods set forth in (i) or (ii) above.

(e) This Sublease Agreement shall completely and fully supersede all other 
prior understandings or agreements, both written and oral, between Landlord 
and Tenant relating to the rental of the Leased Premises.

(f) If any clause, provision or Section of this Sublease Agreement shall be 
ruled invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of 
such clause, provision or Section shall not affect any of the remaining 
provisions thereof.

(g) This Sublease Agreement may be simultaneously executed in several 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall 
constitute but one and the same instrument.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) Tenant does hereby expressly waive all rights to trial by jury on any 
cause of action directly or indirectly involving the terms, covenants or 
conditions of this Sublease Agreement or the Leased Premises or any matters 
whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Sublease 
Agreement.

(i) The provisions of this Sublease Agreement relating to indemnification 
and to waivers of a jury trial and the right of redemption shall survive 
the termination or expiration of this Sublease Agreement.

28. Construction. In this Sublease Agreement, unless the context otherwise 
requires:

(a) The terms hereby, hereof, hereto, herein, hereunder and any 
similar terms shall refer to this Sublease Agreement, and the term 
hereafter shall mean after, and the term heretofore shall mean before, 
the date of the execution and delivery of this Sublease Agreement.

(b) Words of each gender shall mean and include correlative words of each 
other gender and words importing the singular number shall mean and include 
the plural number and vice versa.

(c) Words importing persons shall include firms, associations, partnerships 
(including limited partnerships), trusts, corporations, limited liability 
companies, and other legal entities, including public bodies, as well as 
natural persons.

(d) Any headings preceding the texts of the several Sections of this 
Sublease Agreement, and any table of contents appended to copies hereof, 
shall be solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a 
part of this Sublease Agreement, nor shall they affect its meaning, 
construction or effect.

29. Force Majeure. This Sublease Agreement and the obligation of Tenant to 
pay Additional Rent hereunder and to perform all of the other covenants and 
agreements hereunder on part of Tenant to be performed shall not be 
affected, impaired or excused because Landlord is unable to supply or is 
delayed in supplying any service expressly or impliedly to be supplied or 
is unable to make or is delayed in making any repairs, additions, 
alterations or decorations or is unable to supply, or is delayed in 
supplying any equipment or fixtures if Landlord is prevented or delayed 
from so doing by reason of a strike or labor trouble, or governmental 
preemption in connection with a National Emergency or in connection with 
any rule, order or regulation of any department or subdivision thereof or 
of any governmental agency, or by reason of the condition of supply and 
demand which have been or are affected by war or other emergency, or by 
weather conditions or by any other condition beyond the control of 
Landlord.

30. Memorandum of Lease. This Sublease Agreement shall not be recorded but 
at the request of either party, Landlord and Tenant shall execute a 
Memorandum of Lease which may be recorded in the Erie County Clerks 
Office.

31. Representation and Warranty of Authorization. Each party hereto 
represents and warrants to the other that the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Sublease Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated have been duly 
authorized by all requisite action on the part of the that party and will 
not violate any provision of Law applicable to that party or the 
certificate of incorporation, by-laws, partnership agreement or operating 
agreement of the that party (as applicable).

32. Intentionally Omitted.

33. Financial Statements. Upon request, Tenant agrees to furnish to 
Landlord, Prime Landlord and each Mortgagee, a copy of the annual financial 
statements of Tenant (including balance sheets as at the end of such year, 
and the related statements of income, earnings, retained earnings and 
changes in financial position) for its most recently completed fiscal year, 
prepared, on a reviewed basis, in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles and practices, and reviewed by independent certified 
public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Mortgagees.

34. No Recourse. This Sublease Agreement shall be non-recourse to Landlord, 
and Tenant shall look only to Landlords equity in the Property in the 
event of any damages or claims which Tenant may assert against Landlord 
arising out of or in connection with this Sublease Agreement except those 
for which Landlord is specifically required to maintain insurance as 
provided in this Sublease Agreement, in which event Tenant may also look to 
any insurance proceeds received in connection therewith or to other assets 
of Landlord in the event Landlord breaches its obligation to maintain 
insurance.

35. Execution and Delivery of Sublease Agreement. In order to avoid delay, 
this Sublease Agreement has been prepared and submitted to Tenant by 
Landlord with the understanding that it shall not bind Landlord unless and 
until it is signed by Landlord and thereafter delivered to Tenant.

36. Heavy Equipment. Tenant shall not move any safe, heavy machinery, heavy 
equipment, bulky matter or fixtures (Heavy Equipment) that exceeds the 
calculation in the following sentence into or out of the Building without 
Landlords prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed. Floors 2 through 7 of the Building will 
be designed for a live load of 100 pounds per square foot, with live load 
reduction to accommodate flexibility in usage of the space. Live load 
reduction will not be permitted to exceed 35 pounds per square foot, for a 
minimum live load of 65 pounds per square foot. If such safe, machinery, 
equipment, bulky matter or fixtures requires special handling, all work in 
connection therewith shall comply with all applicable municipal rules and 
regulations applicable thereto, shall be subject to reasonable restrictions 
imposed by landlord and shall be done during such hours as Landlord may 
reasonably designate. Tenant shall deliver a set of plans and 
specifications, as required by Landlord, which must be approved by 
Landlord, prior to Landlords providing any consent to the movement of such 
Heavy Equipment into the Building.

37. Intentionally Omitted.

38. E-Mail Address. Tenant shall provide Landlord with the electronic 
mailing address of the person responsible for making Tenants payments of 
Additional Rent or other sums due under this Sublease Agreement and shall 
promptly notify Landlord of any changes thereto.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
39. Obligations of Tenant. If Tenant fails to perform any of its 
obligations hereunder, Landlord may (but shall not be obligated to) perform 
same, and in such event, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost 
thereof, and said reimbursement shall be due and payable upon demand by 
Landlord and shall bear interest at the Interest Rate.

40. Signage. Tenant shall have the right to signage inside and outside the 
Building provided such signage is (i) consistent with Landlords overall 
sign plan and (ii) is approved by Landlord. Tenant shall be solely 
responsible for the cost of fabrication and installation of Tenants 
signage. If and for as long as Landlord maintains a Building directory, 
Landlord, at Tenants request, shall maintain listings on such directory of 
the name of Tenant.

41. Mutual Cooperation. It is the intention of Landlord and Tenant that 
Landlord shall consult with Tenant on a regular basis regarding the 
construction and occupancy of the Building by Tenant. Landlord shall 
provide regular updates to Tenant and shall consult with Tenant regarding 
the planning, design and construction of the Building, it being the 
intention of the parties hereto that Tenants input shall be obtained by 
Landlord in connection with the planning, design and construction of the 
Building. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to 
require Tenants consent in connection with the planning, design and 
construction of the Building except for Tenant Improvements, to the extent 
required in this Sublease Agreement.

42. Special Provisions.

(a) Pursuant to the Ground Lease between Kaleida Properties, Inc., as 
landlord, and Prime Landlords predecessor in interest, as tenant, dated as 
of December 2, 2011 (the Ground Lease) pursuant to which Prime Landlord 
ground leases the Property, Landlord is obligated to include the following 
paragraph in all leases:

Tenant agrees that it will not engage in any uses of the Leased Premises 
except as expressly set forth herein, without the prior written consent of 
Prime Landlord and Kaleida Properties, Inc. (Kaleida Prime Landlord), 
Prime Landlord under that certain Ground Lease dated as of December 2, 2011 
between Prime Landlord as tenant and Kaleida Properties, Inc. as landlord, 
which consent may be withheld or denied in accordance with the Terms of the 
Ground Lease. Tenant further agrees that Kaleida Prime Landlord is an 
intended third party beneficiary of the provisions of this Sublease 
Agreement defining and restricting the uses permitted hereunder. 
Accordingly, Kaleid Prime Landlord will have all rights and remedies 
available at law or in equity to enforce such provisions directly against 
Tenant or anyone claiming by or through Tenant. Furthermore, Tenant agrees 
that, notwithstanding anything set forth in this Lease, Tenant shall not 
violate any of the use restrictions set forth in Article IV of the Ground 
Lease, which use restrictions are also set forth in that certain Memorandum 
of Ground Lease recorded December 22, 2011 in the Erie County Clerks 
Office in Liber 11214 of deeds at page 4078, a copy of which is attached as 
Exhibit H.

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Sublease Agreement to the contrary, 
Landlord shall not agree to any amendment, modification or supplement to 
the Ground Lease which reduces the existing term of the Ground Lease, 
increases rent payable thereunder, further restricts the permitted uses of 
the Building thereunder or otherwise materially decreases the rights or 
materially increases the responsibilities of the ground lessee thereunder, 
without the prior consent of Tenant during the term of this Sublease 
Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank  Signature Page Follows]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Sublease Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
 
Landlord: 	  	Fort Schuyler Management Corporation
  	By 	  	
[LOGO]
 
  	 	  	Name: Walter G. Barber
  	 	  	Title: Chairman
Tenant: 	  	Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
  	By 	  	
[LOGO]
 
  	 	  	Name: Flint D. Besecker
  	 	  	Title: COO & Director
 
Sublease Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
STATE OF NEW YORK 	   	) 	   	
   	SS: 	   	
COUNTY OF Erie    ) 	   	 	   	

On the 21 day of July in the year 2015, before me, the undersigned, a 
notary public in and for said state, personally appeared Flint D. Besecker, 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same 
in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on 
the instrument, the individual(s) or the person upon behalf of which the 
individual(s) acts, executed the instrument.
 
  	
 [LOGO]
 
  	Notary Public
 
   	 	   	 	   	
[LOGO]
   	 	   	 	  
 STATE OF NEW YORK
   	) 	   	 	  
   	
 SS:
   	 	  
 COUNTY OF Albany
   	) 	   	 	  

On the 6 day of August in the year 2015, before me, the undersigned, a 
notary public in and for said state, personally appeared Walter G. Barber 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within 
instrument and acknowledged to me that she executed the same in her 
capacity, and that by her signature on the instrument, the individual or 
the person upon behalf of which the individual acts, executed the 
instrument.
 
  	
 [LOGO]
 
  	
 Notary Public
 
[LOGO]
 
Sublease Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A 	   	Site Plan
Exhibit B 	   	Floor Plan Showing Leased Premises
Exhibit C 	   	Base Building Specifications
Exhibit D 	   	Prime Landlords Services
Exhibit E 	   	Electricity Rider
Exhibit F 	   	Non-Disturbance Agreement
Exhibit G 	   	Rules and Regulations
Exhibit H 	   	Memorandum of Ground Lease

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A

Site Plan

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B

Floor Plan Showing Leased Premises

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit C

Base Building Specifications

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
[LOGO]

1001 Main Street, Buffalo, NY
Shell & Core  Work Letter
 
CONTENTS 	   	
 General Notes
   	Page 1
 Site
   	Page 1
 Parking
   	Page 1
 Structure
   	Page 2
 Exterior
   	Page 3
 Interior
   	Pages 3 - 4
 MEP&FP
   	Pages 5 - 7


General Notes
 
  	 	  	All aspects of the scope of work addressed herein will be in 
compliance with all applicable codes and accessibility standards.


Site
 
  	 	  	Storm Sewer
 
  	 	  	Sanitary Sewer
 
  	 	  	Potable Water
 
  	 	  	Natural Gas
 
  	 	  	Fire Line Water
 
  	 	  	Electric Service
 
  	 	  	Phone & Data
 
  	 	  	Landscaping
 
  	 	  	Site Lighting


Parking
 
  	 	  	Building users and tenants will have controlled access to 2 levels 
of below grade parking immediately below the building at market rates.
 
  	 	  	Direct access from parking to the 1st Floor lobby via vertical 
cores.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 1 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Structure
 
  	 	  	Occupancy Category II; Seismic Design Category B.
 
  	 	  	Resistance to lateral wind and seismic forces will be provided by 
rigid frame action of the structural steel columns and beams. The lateral 
load-resisting frames will not extend to the perimeter of the building, but 
will be limited to the typical 30-foot by 30-foot bays, resulting in a 
lateral load-resisting core measuring approximately 120-feet by 
180-feet.
 
  	 	  	Floor girders and beams located on the column centerlines will 
have moment connections to the columns. These connections are anticipated 
to have field-welded flange-to-column connections and field-bolted 
single-sided shear connections. To simplify steel fabrication, the building 
will be designed without special seismic steel detailing.
 
  	 	  	Floors 2 through 7 will be designed for a live load of 100 pounds 
per square foot, with live load reduction to accommodate flexibility in 
usage of the space. Live load reduction will not be permitted to exceed 35 
pounds per square foot, for a minimum live load of 65 pounds per square 
foot.
 
  	 	  	The mechanical penthouse will be designed to safely support a live 
load of 150 pounds per square foot, or the actual mechanical unit weights, 
whichever is greater.
 
  	 	  	Roofs will be designed for code-required snow loads, including 
drifted snow, as applicable.
 
  	 	  	Additional loads for any green roof areas and roof mechanical 
units outside the penthouse will be added at the roof above the seventh 
floor and above the mechanical penthouse.
 
  	 	  	Supported floor construction on levels 2 through 7 will consist of 
3,5-inch thick lightweight concrete over 2- inch, 20-gauge galvanized 
composite steel deck.
 
  	 	  	The concrete will be reinforced with 6x6 W2.1 x W2.1 welded wire 
fabric, or Novomesh 850 steel and polypropylene fiber reinforcing, as 
manufactured by Propex.
 
  	 	  	Typically, the floor beams will be 18 to 21 inches deep and spaced 
at 10-feet on center.
 
  	 	  	The girders will be approximately 24 to 27 Inches deep and will be 
located at the column centerlines.
 
  	 	  	Estimated steel weight for the typical bay / typical floor 
construction is 12 pounds per square foot. Sizes and weights will increase 
somewhat at the mechanical room floor.
 
  	 	  	Bar reinforcing will be Installed over the floor beams to resist 
cracking of the slab.
 
  	 	  	Beams will require cementitious spray fireproofing to meet 
anticipated fire-resistance requirements.
 
  	 	  	The deck construction will not require fireproofing.
 
  	 	  	Column bays will vary within the footprint, with the typical bay 
measuring 30-feet by 30-feet.
 
  	 	  	Columns will be nominally 14-inch deep. At the lower levels, the 
columns will likely measure approximately 16-inches square.
 
  	 	  	Bases will be considered pinned  transferring only axial and 
shear forces  to simplify coordination with the reinforced concrete 
columns of the below-grade parking garage. Bases will be exposed above the 
first floor slab and will likely measure 2-feet square.
 
  	 	  	Columns will require cementitious spray fireproofing.
 
  	 	  	Column splices are anticipated above the second, fourth, and 
mechanical penthouse floors.
 
  	 	  	Coatless connections (pedestrian bridges) to adjacent building are 
not in the scope of this building. Criteria for any future coatless 
connections will be established by the landlord. Loads from any future 
coatless connections to the north and to the south that comply with the 
aforementioned criteria will be accommodated by the superstructure of this 
building at specific designated locations at the 2nd Floor. Any proposed 
future coatless connections to this building must be approved by the 
landlord.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 2 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exterior

Thermal & Moisture
 
  	 	  	Exterior envelope which exceeds current NYS Energy Code 
requirements for thermal and moisture barriers.
 
  	 	  	insulated fully adhered TPO membrane roof.
 
  	 	  	Caulking of control and expansion joints, doors and windows.


Doors & Windows
 
  	 	  	Aluminum storefront doors at exterior 1st Floor entrances.
 
  	 	  	Aluminum storefront windows.
 
  	 	  	Exterior glazing will be low-E coated glass.
 
  	 	  	Steel doors at emergency exits in hollow metal frames.


Walls
 
  	 	  	Insulated composite metal panel.


Signage
 
  	 	  	Exterior building signage will be universally and easily 
identifiable as determined by design.


Entry
 
  	 	  	Entries at High Street and Main Street.
 
  	 	  	Drop-off on High Street.


INTERIOR

Doors & Windows
 
  	 	  	Tenant suite doors on the common corridor will be solid core wood 
with hollow metal frames; adjacent sidelights will be provided as 
determined by design.
 
  	 	  	Egress stairs will have hollow metal doors with hollow metal 
frames.
 
  	 	  	Public restrooms will have solid core wood doors with hollow metal 
frames.
 
  	 	  	Hollow metal door frames provided will be painted.
 
  	 	  	Door hardware will be of commercial quality and accessibility 
compliant.
 
  	 	  	Tenant doors and door hardware will be the building standard.
 
  	 	  	No windowsills are included; tenant windowsills will be the 
building standard.


Walls
 
  	 	  	Vertical shafts, public restrooms and common corridor partitions 
will be constructed with metal studs and gypsum wallboard.
 
  	 	  	Gypsum wallboard will be taped, sealed and painted only at public 
side of common corridors and at public restrooms.
 
  	 	  	Paints will be low to no VOC content.
 
  	 	  	Sound attenuation will be provided within the wall cavity of 
public restrooms only.
 
  	 	  	The interior face of exterior walls in tenant spaces will only be 
framed with metal studs; sound attenuation and gypsum wallboard will not be 
provided.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 3 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 	  	The tenant side of common area partitions will only be framed with 
metal studs; sound attenuation and gypsum wallboard will not be provided.
 
  	 	  	At multi-tenanted floors only, fire-rated corridor passage 
partitions will be provided as required by code.


Columns
 
  	 	  	Columns in tenant spaces will be exposed and unfinished.


Cellings
 
  	 	  	Acoustic celling panels will be typical throughout common 
corridors, common passages and public restrooms.
 
  	 	  	Common nodes, such as elevator lobbies, will have finished 
ceilings.
 
  	 	  	Ceilings in tenant spaces will be exposed to the underside of slab 
above and unfinished.


Flooring and Bases
 
  	 	  	The 1st floor lobby will have ceramic tile and base.
 
  	 	  	Public restrooms will have ceramic tile and base.
 
  	 	  	Floors in tenant spaces will be broom-cleaned, steel troweled, 
unfinished concrete slab with no finish flooring.


Window Treatments
 
  	 	  	Tenant window treatments will be the building standard.


Signage
 
  	 	  	Interior building signage will be universally and easily 
identifiable as determined by design.
 
  	 	  	Tenant signage will be the building standard.


Vertical Cores
 
  	 	  	Egress stairs and public elevators will be provided as required by 
code.
 
  	 	  	Freight elevator adjacent to the Loading Dock area.


Public Restrooms
 
  	 	  	Typically, each above grade floor will have one mens public 
restroom and one womens public restroom.
 
  	 	  	No public restrooms are included on the 2nd and 3rd Floors, which 
are to be occupied by Kaleida, per Kaleldas direction.


Janitors Closets
 
  	 	  	Each floor above grade will have one (1) custodial closet with 
mop-sink.


Loading Dock
 
  	 	  	There will be a loading dock off of Goodrich Street. The loading 
dock is provided with one 10-0 wide by 14-0 high overhead door and one 
12-0 wide by 14-0 high overhead door. The loading dock bay provides 
space for a maximum 36-0 long vehicle to be parked inside with the 
overhead door closed. A 2-0 elevated dock is provided along with a 
delivery ramp. The space will be conditioned during the winter months with 
unit heaters.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 4 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MEP&FP
HVAC
 
  	 	  	Ceiling mounted high efficiency water-to-air heat-pumps will be 
provided for heating and air conditioning of all Common Area Spaces. 
Dedicated heat pumps will be provided to address heat gains from data and 
electrical equipment.
 
  	 	  	Water-to-water heat pumps will be provided to supply warm glycol 
to under slab piping for snow melting of the parking garage entry ramp.
 
  	 	  	High efficiency boilers and cooling towers, located on the roof, 
will add heat to and reject heat from the heat pump loop to maintain 
optimal loop temperature.
 
  	 	  	Variable speed heat-pump loop pumps, located in the mechanical 
penthouse, will circulate water through piping risers that will have 
branches to serve tenant spaces valved and capped at each floor. 
Distribution piping at each floor will be provided under tenant fit-out.
 
  	 	  	Ventilation air will be supplied and conditioned by two (2) roof 
mounted heat recovery air handling units with variable speed supply and 
exhaust fans. Supply and exhaust duct risers will be provided to feed each 
floor. Ventilation air will be ducted from the risers directly to each 
space under tenant fit-out.
 
  	 	  	Variable speed supply and exhaust fans will provide ventilation 
for the Parking Garage. The fans will be controlled by carbon monoxide (CO) 
and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) sensors.
 
  	 	  	An Energy Management System (EMS) will be provided for automatic 
temperature control, energy management, lighting control and other 
mechanical and electrical system monitoring and alarms as well as recording 
and monitoring all building and tenant electric power and water.
 
  	 	  	Stairwell pressurization fans and associated ductwork will be 
provided as necessary for a High Rise Building.
 
  	 	  	A separate exhaust system may be provided for Copy and Fax Machine 
Rooms, Janitors Closets and other chemical storage spaces in order to meet 
LEED requirements.


Plumbing/Fire Protection
 
  	 	  	A domestic cold water service will be provided from the City of 
Buffalo Municipal Main. Upon entering the building a main house meter and 
backflow preventers will be installed on the First Floor.
 
  	 	  	A variable speed pressure booster system will be provided to 
supply cold water mains throughout.
 
  	 	  	Stacked Public Toilet Rooms and common spaces will have cold water 
piping as required. Point of use instantaneous electric water heaters 
located on each floor will provide domestic hot water.
 
  	 	  	Water will be provided as necessary for make-up water to central 
mechanical equipment such as cooling towers, etc.
 
  	 	  	Domestic Hot Water will be provided by point of use electric water 
heaters for core and shell. Tenants will provide point of use electric 
water heaters of gas fired heaters from tenant supplied utility meters in 
location as established by the building owner.
 
  	 	  	Cold water risers will be provided at each floor with valves and 
caps for future development of fit-outs (sub- metering for Tenant 
consumption will be provided by the tenant at the connection to each 
riser.)
 
  	 	  	Soil, waste and vent piping from the facility will connect to the 
City of Buffalo Municipal sewers at High Street and connect to all Shell 
and Core plumbing fixtures and equipment in the common spaces.
 
  	 	  	Multiple soil, waste and vent stacks will be provided to all 
floors for connection and development of tenant spaces.
 
  	 	  	The Parking Floors will have drains to collect any water from 
outside sources and direct it to sump pits with pumping systems discharging 
the storm water to the municipal sewer system in Goodrich and High Streets.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 5 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 	  	The foundation drainage system will collect and direct water to 
sump pits located in each corner of the lowest parking level. Each sump pit 
will have sump pumps to discharge the water to the municipal sewer system 
in Goodrich and High Streets.
 
  	 	  	Natural gas will be provided from a street main and connect to a 
meter setting located within a louvered meter alcove near the northeast 
corner of the facility on Goodrich Street, Gas piping will be connected to 
gas fired equipment used for the facility heating system and space will be 
provided within the meter alcove to accommodate the tenants natural gas 
utility meters.
 
  	 	  	A fire water service will be provided to the facility from the 
City of Buffalo water main located in the street. A double detector check 
valve assembly will be installed just inside the building wall to provide 
backflow protection for the city water supply and will be located on the 
First Floor.
 
  	 	  	An electric fire pump fed from the emergency generator will be 
provided to deliver water at the flow and pressure required.
 
  	 	  	A wet standpipe system will be installed in the stair-halls and 
selected areas as required for proper hose coverage of all parts of the 
floors.
 
  	 	  	An automatic wet type sprinkler system will be provided on all 
occupied floors with all valves and alarms In accordance with NFPA #13, The 
Parking Floors and all unheated spaces will be provided with dry type 
sprinkler systems Including air compressors, valves and alarms in 
accordance with NFPA #13.
 
  	 	  	Medical gas systems are not provided as part of the Shell and 
Core.


Electrical
 
  	 	  	A National Grid 23kV spot network service will be provided with 
three (3) 1500kVA Transformers for N + 1 operation in a below grade 
transformer vault on the northwest side of the building on Goodrich Street.
 
  	 	  	A Collector Bus Room and Power Distribution Room will be located 
on Parking Level 1 directly in line with the transformer vaults.
 
  	 	  	A nominal 4000 ampere secondary metered service at 480Y/277 volt, 
3-phase, 4-wire will be provided.
 
  	 	  	Two (2) 480Y/277 volt switchboards will provide normal power for 
Parking up to the Seventh Floor.
 
  	 	  	Two (2) 750kVA 208Y/120 volt Unit Substations will provide power 
for the Parking up to the Seventh Floor and Penthouse.
 
  	 	  	A 480Y/277 volt switchboard located in the Penthouse will provide 
power for Mechanical Penthouse.
 
  	 	  	The fire pump service connection will be directly connected off a 
480 Volt Collector Bus.
 
  	 	  	Power will be provided for all Shell and Core common areas for 
lighting, receptacle loads, and mechanical equipment.
 
  	 	  	Two (2) vertical 480Y/277 volt bus ducts and two (2) vertical 
208Y/120 volt bus ducts located in Electrical Rooms at north and south 
stair locations will be provided on each floor for tenant use. Bus ducts 
will include provisions only for the tenants feeder circuit breakers to 
plug in. Each tenant feeder will be monitored and recorded utilizing 
current transformers for tenant usage of lighting, heat pumps, receptacles, 
miscellaneous equipment, power, etc.
 
  	 	  	Three (3) indoor 500kW diesel standby generators located in the 
Penthouse will be supplied by a 2,000 gallon double walled fuel tank (8 
hours run time) located below grade. The generator paralleling gear 
includes provisions for a fourth generator which will be provided for 
future tenant fit-out.
 
  	 	  	Emergency power will be provided for: Egress lighting, fire alarm 
systems, access control/security/duress system, generator room lighting and 
accessories and fire pump, etc.
 
  	 	  	Emergency 480Y/277 volt and 208Y/120 volt distribution panels in 
two (2) stair locations will be provided on each floor for Shell and Core 
use.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 6 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 	  	Legally required emergency branch 480Y/277 volt distribution will 
be provided for elevators, sewage ejector, sump pumps stairwell 
pressurization, water booster System, data processing and communications 
equipment, etc.
 
  	 	  	Two (2) vertical 480Y/277 volt bus ducts located In the north and 
south Electrical Rooms will be provided on each floor for optional 
stand-by emergency power for tenant use.
 
  	 	  	The interior Building Shell and Core lighting will consist of high 
efficiency and efficacy fluorescent and LED luminaires in the following 
common areas; Lobby, Stairwells, Corridors, Passages, Public Rest Rooms, 
Electrical/Mechanical Rooms, Loading Dock/Receiving, Parking Garage, 
Management Offices, Temporary Lighting in Fit-out Areas, site illumination 
and building facade illumination. Unless otherwise specifically requested 
by the Owner, it is planned to utilize light fixtures that qualify for 
NYSERDA incentives.
 
  	 	  	Energy saving lighting control will consist of the following; 
tri-level or bi-level switching, occupancy sensor control, day-lighting 
controls and centrally time controlled from the Building Management System 
(BMS). Each tenant fit-out will be required to meet the Building Standards 
for Lighting Controls.
 
  	 	  	All Interior and exterior illumination levels will meet the 
recommended illumination levels as published by the Illuminating 
Engineering Society (IES).
 
  	 	  	The lighting power budget will be below that set by the Energy 
Conservation Construction Code of New York State and ASHRAE 90.1 to achieve 
LEED Credits.
 
  	 	  	The interior tenant fit-out lighting will consist of building 
standard style luminaires in all tenant spaces with exterior windows. This 
will make the interior lighting appear uniform from the street.
 
  	 	  	All other tenant fit-out lighting will be required to meet or 
exceed an established luminaire high efficiency and efficacy in order to 
meet the U.S. Green Building Councils LEED Gold Program.
 
  	 	  	All means of egress emergency lighting will be powered from the 
emergency source.
 
  	 	  	Fire alarm system will be point addressable type and full smoke 
detection provided in the means of egress, storage areas, telephone 
equipment, Data Rooms, Mechanical Rooms, Electrical Rooms, Elevator Lobby 
shaft, etc. Audio speaker/visual and visual only devices will be provided 
in all public areas. Manual pullstations will be located at each exit stair 
on each floor.
 
  	 	  	Air handling unit supply and return duct smoke sensors will be 
provided along with return duct smoke sensors at each floor. Each floor 
will have a centrally located terminal cabinet. Fire Alarm Control Panel 
(FACP) will be provided as required and will be connected in a loop with 
fiber optic cable.
 
  	 	  	The main Fire Alarm Graphic Command Center will be located in the 
security area located in the Main Lobby. Due to the building being a High 
Rise classification the fire alarm system is required to also include for 
emergency voice evacuation, stairwell pressurization system, fire command 
center on First Floor, fire fighters two-way radio repeater, AHU controls, 
ATS annunciation, generator annunciation, etc.
 
  	 	  	Close circuit television surveillance will be provided for 
exterior perimeter, parking level, main lobby, elevator lobby on each 
floor, main corridors on each floor, etc.
 
  	 	  	The main Telecommunications Room will be located on Parking Level 
1 on the west side of the Building. This will be the demark location for 
telephone service, internet service, television service, etc.
 
  	 	  	Internet service pathways only will be provided to Tele/Data Rooms 
at two (2) locations on each floor.
 
  	 	  	Cable television service pathways only will be provided to 
Tele/Data Rooms at two (2) locations on each floor.
 
  	 	  	Telephone service (Verizon) pathways only will be provided to 
Tele/Data Rooms at two (2) locations on each floor.
 
  	 	  	Lightning protection will be provided for the building including 
surge protection on the main distribution switchboards and Branch 
Distribution Panel boards.
 
Conventus at 1001 Main | Shell & Core Work Letter | September 26, 2014 	   	
Page 7 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit D

Landlords Services

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

Landlords Services

1. Repairs to, replacements of and maintenance for the roof and repairs to 
and maintenance of elevators (if applicable) of the Building, as needed in 
the reasonable judgment of Landlord unless caused by the misuse or 
negligence of Tenant, its employees or invitees.

2. Repairs to and replacements of those components of the HVAC, plumbing, 
water, electrical and sprinkler (if any) systems which extend beyond the 
Leased Premises or which serve both the Leased Premises and other portions 
of the Building, as needed in the reasonable judgment of Landlord unless 
caused by the misuse or negligence of Tenant, its employees or invitees, 
and maintenance contracts for the routine maintenance of the HVAC system.

3. Snow plowing; parking lot lighting, striping and maintenance; 
landscaping; garbage removal, maintenance of fences (if any); lawn and yard 
care; maintenance of Building exterior and Building sign (if any); exterior 
window cleaning; cleaning and maintenance of, repairs to, utilities for and 
cleaning and janitorial services for any common hallways, lobbies, 
elevators, entrances, walks and restrooms and other areas of facilities 
which service both the Leased Premises and other portions of the Building.

4. Any security guard or the installation and maintenance of any security 
system which Landlord may, at its option, elect to provide (it being 
understood that Landlord shall not be required to provide either a security 
guard or security system).

5. Insurance policies providing coverage for (a) fire, casualty and 
extended risk for the Building for the full replacement value thereof or 
such lesser amount as Landlord may elect and is acceptable to the 
Mortgagees, (b) liability of Landlord for personal injury and property 
damage caused by occurrences on or connected with the Property, (c) loss of 
rent by Landlord for twelve (12) months following fire or casualty damage 
and (d) such other insurance or coverage as may be required by any 
Mortgagee or is desired by Landlord and is in Landlords opinion, prudent 
for the Property.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit E

ELECTRICITY RIDER

(a) Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that there is one existing 
electrical check or sub meter serving the Leased Premises. Tenant 
shall, at its sole cost and expense, maintain, repair and replace such 
electrical meter during the term of the Lease. Tenant shall pay for its own 
utilities, including electricity, as shown on such meter(s) as and when 
bills are rendered.

(b) Tenant shall furnish and install all lighting tubes, lamps, bulbs and 
ballasts required in the Leased Premises, at Tenants expense. Tenant shall 
also pay for the cost of electricity consumed by any air conditioning 
equipment located in or servicing the Leased Premises, irrespective of 
whether any such equipment is located in the Leased Premises or in any 
other portion of the Building, The term air conditioning equipment as 
used herein shall be deemed to include, without limitation, all components 
and auxiliary equipment used in connection with the Supplemental A/C 
System, and the A/C System including Tenants pro rata share of the cost of 
the electricity (or other utility) for the operation of the cooling 
tower(s) used in connection therewith.

(c) Tenants use of electric energy in the Leased Premises shall not at any 
time exceed the capacity of any of the electrical conductors, machinery and 
equipment in or otherwise serving the Leased Premises. In order to ensure 
that such capacity is not exceeded and to avert possible adverse effects 
upon the Buildings electric service, Tenant shall not, without Landlords 
prior written consent in each instance, connect any additional fixtures, 
machinery, appliances or equipment to the Building electric distribution 
system or make any alteration or addition to Tenants machinery, appliances 
or equipment, or the electric system of the Leased Premises existing on the 
Commencement Date hereof. Should Landlord grant such consent, all 
additional risers and/or other equipment required therefor shall be 
provided by Landlord and the cost thereof shall be paid by Tenant upon 
Landlords demand.

(d) Landlord shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense or in any 
other way to Tenant for any failure, interruption or defect of any kind in 
the supply or character of electric service furnished to the Leased 
Premises by reason of any requirements of law, act or omission of the 
utility serving the Building (including without limitation the Current 
Service Provider and any Alternate Service Provider (as each such term is 
hereinafter defined)) or for any other reason, nor shall there be any 
allowance to Tenant for a diminution of rental value, nor shall the same 
constitute an actual or constructive eviction of Tenant, in whole or in 
part, or relieve Tenant from any of its Lease obligations, and no liability 
shall arise on the part of Landlord by reason of inconvenience, annoyance 
or injury to business.

(e) Landlord shall have the right at any time and from time to time during 
the term, to the extent permitted by law, to either contract for 
electricity service with the current utility company providing electricity 
service to the Building (the Current Service Provider) or to contract for 
service from an alternate company or companies providing comparable 
electricity service (each an Alternate Service Provider). Tenant shall 
cooperate with Landlord, the Current Service Provider and any Alternate 
Service Provider at all times, and as reasonably necessary, to

------------------------------------------------------------------------
allow Landlord, Current Service Provider and any Alternate Service Provider 
reasonable access to any and all electric lines, feeders, wiring and other 
machinery within the Leased Premises, subject to the restriction and 
limitations on Landlords access to the Leased Premises expressly set forth 
in this Lease. Tenant may not utilize the services of any Alternate Service 
Provider, and no such Alternate Service Provider shall be permitted to 
provide service to Tenant or to install its lines or other equipment within 
the Building, without the prior written consent of Landlord, which may be 
given or withheld in Landlords sole discretion. Tenant shall pay Landlord 
its pro-rata share of electricity usage based on usage evidenced by the 
sub or check meter serving the Leased Premises. Tenant shall pay 
Landlord within ten (10) days after receipt of a bill from Landlord for 
Tenants electricity usage

(f) If any tax is imposed upon Landlord with respect to electrical energy 
furnished as a service to Tenant by any federal, state, municipal or other 
authority, Tenant covenants and agrees that unless prohibited by law or 
applicable regulations, Tenants pro rata share of such taxes, shall be 
reimbursed by Tenant to Landlord within ten (10) days after being billed 
therefor.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit F

Non-Disturbance Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]


SUBORDINATION, NONDISTURBANCE AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT
New York

AGREEMENT dated as of the      day of             , 20        , between     
                , a                      whose address is                   
   (Tenant), and M&T BANK, a New York banking corporation with its 
principal banking office at One M&T Plaza, Buffalo, NY 14203. Attention: 
Office of General Counsel (the Mortgagee).

WHEREAS,                    , a                      whose address is       
               (Landlord), owns the real property located at              
        (such real property, including all buildings, improvements, 
structures and fixtures located thereon, Landlords Premises), as more 
particularly described in Schedule A;

WHEREAS, Mortgagee has made or will be making a loan to Landlord in the 
original principal amount of$          as the loan may be modified or 
amended from time to time (the Loan);

WHEREAS, to secure the Loan, Landlord has encumbered Landlords premises by 
entering into a mortgage dated on or about                     , 19        
/ 20         in favor of Mortgagee (as amended, increased, renewed, 
extended, spread, consolidated, severed, restated, or otherwise changed 
from time to time the Mortgage) recorded on                     , 19      
   /20        , at Book         , Page         , in the Official Records of 
the County of                     , State of New York or to be recorded in 
such Land Records (the Land Records);

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Lease dated as of                     , 19         / 
20        , as such lease may have been, or may be amended from time to 
time (the Lease), Landlord demised to Tenant all or a portion of 
Landlords Premises (Tenants Premises) effective as of                   
  , 19        /20        . Tenants Premises are commonly known as          
           ;

WHEREAS, ☐ (check and complete if appropriate) a memorandum of the Lease is 
to be recorded in the Land Records prior to the
recording of this Agreement or was recorded in the Land Records on          
           , 19        /20        , at Book         , Page        ; and

WHEREAS, Tenant and Mortgagee desire to agree upon the relative priorities 
of their interests in Landlords Premises and their rights and obligations 
if certain events occur.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and sufficient consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Tenant and Mortgagee agree as 
follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this 
Agreement:

1.1 Construction-Related Obligation means any obligation of Landlord 
under the Lease to make, pay for, or reimburse Tenant for any alterations, 
demolition or other improvements or work at Landlords Premises, including 
Tenants Premises. Construction-Related Obligations shall not include: (a) 
reconstruction or repair following fire, casualty or condemnation; or (b) 
day-to-day maintenance and repairs.

1.2  Foreclosure Event means (a) foreclosure under the Mortgage; (b) any 
other exercise by Mortgagee of rights and remedies (whether under the 
Mortgage or under applicable law, including bankruptcy law) as holder of 
the Loan and/or the Mortgage, as a result of which Successor Landlord 
becomes owner of Landlords Premises; or (c) delivery by Landlord to 
Mortgagee (or its designee or nominee) of a deed or other conveyance of 
Landlords interest in Landlords Premises in lieu of any of the foregoing.

1.3  Former Landlord means Landlord and any other party that was landlord 
under the Lease at any time before the occurrence of any attornment under 
this Agreement.
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	1 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.4 Offset Right means any right or alleged right of Tenant to any 
offset, defense (other than one arising from actual payment and 
performance, which payment and performance would bind a Successor Landlord 
pursuant to this Agreement), claim, counterclaim, reduction, deduction, or 
abatement against Tenants payment of Rent or performance of Tenants other 
obligations under the Lease, arising (whether under the Lease or other 
applicable law) from Landlords breach or default under the Lease.

1.5 Rent means any fixed rent, base rent or additional rent under the 
Lease.

1.6 Successor Landlord means any party that becomes owner of Landlords 
Premises as the result of a Foreclosure Event.

1.7 Termination Right means any right of Tenant to cancel or terminate 
the Lease or to claim a partial or total eviction arising (whether under 
the Lease or under applicable law) from Landlords breach or default under 
the Lease.

2. SUBORDINATION. The Lease and all of Tenants rights thereunder shall be, 
and shall at all times remain, subject and subordinate to the Mortgage, the 
lien imposed by the Mortgage, and all indebtedness secured by the Mortgage.

3. NONDISTURBANCE, RECOGNITION AND ATTORNMENT.

3.1 No Exercise of Mortgage Remedies Against Tenant. So long as the Lease 
has not been terminated on account of Tenants default that has continued 
beyond applicable cure periods (an Event of Default), Mortgagee shall not 
name or join Tenant as a defendant in any exercise of Mortgagees rights 
and remedies arising upon a default under the Mortgage unless applicable 
law requires Tenant to be made a party thereto as a condition to proceeding 
against Landlord or prosecuting such rights and remedies. In the latter 
case, Mortgagee may join Tenant as a defendant in such action only for such 
purpose and not to terminate the Lease or otherwise adversely affect 
Tenants rights under the Lease or this Agreement in such action.

3.2 Nondisturbance and Attornment. If the Lease has not been terminated on 
account of an Event of Default by Tenant, then, when Successor Landlord 
takes title to Landlords Premises (Attornment Date): (a) Successor 
Landlord shall not terminate or disturb Tenants possession of Tenants 
Premises under the Lease, except in accordance with the terms of the Lease 
and this Agreement; (b) Successor Landlord shall be bound to Tenant under 
all the terms and conditions of the Lease (except as provided in this 
Agreement); (c) Tenant shall recognize and attorn to Successor Landlord as 
Tenants direct landlord under the Lease as affected by this Agreement; and 
(d) the Lease shall continue in full force and effect as a direct lease, in 
accordance with its terms (except as provided in this Agreement), between 
Successor Landlord and Tenant

3.3 Further Documentation. The provisions of this Article shall be 
effective and self-operative without any need for Successor Landlord or 
Tenant to execute any further documents. Tenant and Successor Landlord 
shall, however, confirm the provisions of this Article in writing upon 
request by either of them.

4. PROTECTION OF SUCCESSOR LANDLORD. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Lease or the Mortgage, neither Mortgagee nor the Successor 
Landlord shall be liable for or bound by any of the following matters:

4.1 Claims Against Former Landlord. Any Offset Right that Tenant may have 
against any Former Landlord relating to any event or occurrence before the 
Attornment Date, including any claim for damages of any kind whatsoever as 
the result of any breach by Former Landlord that occurred before the 
Attornment Date. The foregoing shall not limit either (a) Tenants right to 
exercise against Successor Landlord any Offset Right otherwise available to 
Tenant because of events occurring after the Attornment Date; or (b) 
Successor Landlords obligation to correct any conditions that existed as 
of the Attornment Date and violate Successor Landlords obligations as 
Landlord under the Lease.

4.2 Prepayments. Any payment of Rent that Tenant may have made to Former 
Landlord more than thirty days before the date such Rent was first due and 
payable under the Lease with respect to any period after the Attornment 
Date other than, and only to the extent that, the Lease expressly required 
such a prepayment.

4.3 Payment; Security Deposit. Any obligation: (a) to pay Tenant any sum(s) 
that any Former Landlord owed to Tenant; or (b) with respect to any 
security deposited with Former Landlord. This paragraph is not intended to 
apply to Landlords obligation to make any payment that constitutes a 
Construction-Related Obligation.

4.4 A Modification, Amendment, or Waiver. Any modification or amendment of 
the Lease, or any waiver of any terms of the Lease, made without 
Mortgagees written consent.
 
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	2 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.5 Surrender, Etc. Any consensual or negotiated surrender, cancellation, 
or termination of the Lease, in whole or in part, agreed upon between 
Landlord and Tenant, unless effected unilaterally by Tenant pursuant to the 
express terms of the Lease.

4.6 Construction-Related Obligations. Any Construction-Related Obligation 
of Former Landlord, except as expressly provided for in Schedule B (if any) 
attached to this Agreement.

5. EXCULPATION OF SUCCESSOR LANDLORD. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement or the Lease, upon any attornment pursuant to 
this Agreement, the Lease shall be deemed to have been automatically 
amended to provide that Successor Landlords obligations and liability 
under the Lease shall never extend beyond Successor Landlords (or is 
successors or assigns) interest, if any, in Landlords Premises from time 
to time, including insurance and condemnation proceeds, Successor 
Landlords interest in the Lease, and the proceeds from any sale or other 
disposition of Landlords Premises by Successor Landlord (collectively, 
Successor Landlords Interest). Tenant shall look exclusively to 
Successor Landlords Interest (or that of its successors and assigns) for 
payment or discharge of any obligations of Successor Landlord under the 
Lease as affected by this Agreement. If Tenant obtains any money judgment 
against Successor Landlord with respect to the Lease or the relationship 
between Successor Landlord and Tenant, then Tenant shall look solely to 
Successor Landlords Interest (or that of its successors and assigns) to 
collect such judgment Tenant shall not collect or attempt to collect any 
such judgment out of any other assets of Successor Landlord.

6. MORTGAGEES RIGHT TO CURE.

6.1 Notice to Mortgagee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Lease or this Agreement, before exercising any Termination Right or Offset 
Right, Tenant shall provide Mortgagee with notice of the breach or default 
by Landlord giving rise to same (the Default Notice) and, thereafter, the 
opportunity to cure such breach or default as provided for below.

6.2 Mortgagees Cure Period. After Mortgagee receives a Default Notice, 
Mortgagee shall have a period of thirty (30) days beyond the time available 
to Landlord under the Lease in which to cure the breach or default by 
Landlord, Mortgagee shall have no obligation to cure (and shall have no 
liability or obligation for not curing) any breach or default by Landlord, 
except to the extent that Mortgagee agrees or undertakes otherwise in 
writing.

6.3 Extended Cure Period. In addition, as to any breach or default by 
Landlord the cure of which requires possession and control of Landlords 
Premises, provided only that Mortgagee undertakes to Tenant by written 
notice to Tenant within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Default 
Notice to exercise reasonable efforts to cure or cause to be cured by a 
receiver such breach or default within the period permitted by this 
paragraph, Mortgagees cure period shall continue for such additional time 
(the Extended Cure Period) as Mortgagee may reasonably require to either 
(a) obtain possessions and control of Landlords Premises and thereafter 
cure the breach or default with reasonable diligence and continuity; or (b) 
obtain the appointment of a receiver and give such receiver a reasonable 
period of time in which to cure the default.

7. CONFIRMATION OF FACTS. Tenant represents to Mortgagee and to any 
Successor Landlord, in each case as of the date of this Agreement 
(Effective Date):

7.1 Effectiveness of Lease. The Lease is in full force and effect, has not 
been modified, and constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and 
Tenant relating to Tenants Premises. Tenant has no interest in Landlords 
Premises except pursuant to the Lease. No unfulfilled conditions exist to 
Tenants obligations under the Lease.

7.2 Rent. Tenant has not paid any Rent that is first due and payable under 
the Lease after the Effective Date.

7.3 No Landlord Default. To the best of Tenants knowledge, no breach or 
default by Landlord exists and no event has occurred that, with the giving 
of notice, the passage of time, or both, would constitute such a breach or 
default.

7.4 No Tenant Default. Tenant is not in default under the Lease and has not 
received any uncured notice of any default by Tenant under the Lease.

7.5 No Termination. Tenant has not commenced any action nor sent or 
received any notice to terminate the Lease. Tenant has no presently 
exercisable Termination Right(s) or Offset Right(s).

7.6 Commencement Date. The Commencement Date of the Lease was     , 19    
/20    .
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	3 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.7 Acceptance. Except as set forth in Schedule B (if any) attached to this 
Agreement: (a) Tenant has accepted possession of Tenants Premises; and (b) 
Landlord has performed all Construction-Related Obligations related to 
Tenants initial occupancy of Tenants Premises and Tenant has accepted 
such performance by Landlord.

7.8 No Transfer. Tenant has not transferred, encumbered, mortgaged, 
assigned, conveyed or otherwise disposed of the Lease or any interest 
therein, other than sublease(s) made in compliance with the Lease.

7.9 Due Authorization. Tenant has full authority to enter into this 
Agreement, which has been duly authorized by all necessary actions.

8. TENANT COVENANTS. Tenant covenants with the Mortgagee that now and 
continuing as long as the Mortgage shall remain unsatisfied of record as 
follows:

8.1 Rent Payment Notices. From and after Tenants receipt of written notice 
from Mortgagee (a Rent Payment Notice), Tenant shall pay all Rent to 
Mortgagee or as Mortgagee shall direct in writing, until such time as 
Mortgagee directs otherwise in writing. Tenant shall comply with any Rent 
Payment Notice notwithstanding any contrary instruction, direction or 
assertion from Landlord. Mortgagees delivery to Tenant of a Rent Payment 
Notice, or Tenants compliance therewith, shall not be deemed to: (a) cause 
Mortgagee to succeed to or to assume any obligations or responsibilities as 
Landlord under the Lease, all of which shall continue to be performed and 
discharged solely by Landlord unless and until any attornment as occurred 
pursuant to this Agreement; or (b) relieve Landlord of any obligations 
under the Lease.

8.2 Tenant shall not subordinate the Lease to the lien of any other 
mortgage other than the Mortgage in favor of the Mortgagee.

8.3 If requested by the Mortgagee or the Successor Landlord, Tenant shall 
deliver to Mortgagee or the Successor Landlord (as the case may be) the 
same periodic deliveries (e.g., updated financial reports, updated estoppel 
certificates) it delivers to Landlord pursuant to the Lease.

9. MISCELLANEOUS.

9.1 Notices. Any demand or notice hereunder or under any applicable law 
pertaining hereto shall be in writing and duly given if delivered to any 
party (at the address on page one). Such notice or demand shall be deemed 
sufficiently given for all purposes when delivered (i) by personal delivery 
and shall be deemed effective when delivered, or (ii) by mail or courier 
and shall be deemed effective three (3) business days after deposit in an 
official depository maintained by the United States Post Office for the 
collection of mail or one (1) business day after delivery to a nationally 
recognized overnight courier service (e.g., Federal Express). Notice by 
e-mail is not valid notice under this agreement.

9.2 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and benefit the 
parties, their successors and assigns, any Successor Landlord, and its 
successors and assigns, if Mortgagee assigns the Mortgage, then upon 
delivery to Tenant of written notice thereof accompanied by the assignees 
written assumption of all obligations under this Agreement, all liability 
of the assignor shall terminate.

9.3 Interaction with Lease and with Mortgage. If this Agreement conflicts 
with the Lease, then this Agreement shall govern as between the parties and 
any Successor Landlord, including upon any attornment pursuant to this 
Agreement. This Agreement supersedes, and constitutes full compliance with, 
any provisions in the Lease that provide for subordination of the Lease to, 
or for delivery of nondisturbance agreements by the holder of, the 
Mortgage. Mortgagee confirms that Mortgagee has consented to Landlords 
entering into the Lease.

9.4 Mortgagees Rights and Obligations. Except as expressly provided for in 
this Agreement, Mortgagee shall have no obligations to Tenant with respect 
to the Lease. If an attornment occurs pursuant to this Agreement, then all 
rights and obligations of Mortgagee under this Agreement shall terminate, 
without thereby affecting in any way the rights and obligations of 
Successor Landlord provided for in this Agreement.

9.5 Interpretation; Governing Law. The interpretation, validity and 
enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the 
internal laws of the State of New York, excluding its principles of 
conflicts of laws. TENANT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN A 
COUNTY OR JUDICIAL DISTRICT WHERE THE MORTGAGEE MAINTAINS A BRANCH, AND 
CONSENTS THAT THE MORTGAGEE MAY EFFECT ANY SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER 
AND AT TENANTS ADDRESS SET FORTH ABOVE. Tenant acknowledges and agrees 
that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the 
Mortgagee and Tenant. Tenant waives any objection to venue and any 
objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under 
this Agreement.
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	4 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9.6 Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 
Mortgagee and Tenant regarding the subordination of the Lease to the 
Mortgage and the rights and obligations of Tenant and Mortgagee as to the 
subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, discharged 
or terminated, or any of its provisions waived, only by a written 
instrument executed by the party to be charged. This Agreement may be 
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. Mortgagee represents that Mortgagee has full authority to enter 
into this Agreement, and Mortgagees entry into this Agreement has been 
duly authorized by all necessary actions. No provisions of this Agreement 
may be amended, waived or modified except by an instrument in writing 
signed by the party to be bound. The headings and captions in this 
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit 
or describe the scope or the intent of any provision or section of this 
Agreement and shall not be deemed to have any substantive effect. 
Inapplicability or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement 
shall not limit or impair the operation or validity of any other provision 
of this Agreement.

9.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be an 
original, but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same 
instrument.

9.8 No Agency Relationship. The Mortgagee is not the agent or 
representative of Landlord and this Agreement shall not make the Mortgagee 
liable to materialmen, contractors, craftsmen, laborers or others for goods 
delivered to or services performed by them upon the Landlord=s Premises, or 
for debts or claims accruing to such parties against Landlord and there is 
no contractual relationship, either expressed or implied, between the 
Mortgagee and any materialmen, subcontractors, craftsmen, laborers, or any 
other person supplying any work, labor or materials for the Improvements.

9.9 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TENANT AND THE MORTGAGEE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY THEY 
MAY HAVE IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING, IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. TENANT REPRESENTS 
AND WARRANTS THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF THE MORTGAGEE HAS 
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE THAT THE MORTGAGEE WILL NOT, IN THE 
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL WAIVER. THE 
TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE MORTGAGEE HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ACCEPT THIS 
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the 
first date set forth above.
  	 	  	
 
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
Signature of Witness 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
 
  	 	  	Title: 	  	
 
Typed Name of Witness 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	M&T BANK
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
Signature of Witness 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
 
  	 	  	Title: 	  	
 
Typed Name of Witness 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	5 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Landlord Consent

Landlord consents and agrees to the foregoing Agreement, which was entered 
into at Landlords request. The foregoing Agreement shall not alter, waive 
or diminish any of Landlords obligations under the Mortgage or the Lease. 
The above Agreement discharges any obligations of Mortgagee under the 
Mortgage and related loan documents to enter into a nondisturbance 
agreement with Tenant. Landlord is not a party to the above Agreement.

Landlord irrevocably directs Tenant to comply with any Rent Payment Notice, 
notwithstanding any contrary direction, instruction or assertion by 
Landlord. Tenant shall be entitled to rely on any Rent Payment Notice, 
Tenant shall be under no duty to controvert or challenge any Rent Payment 
Notice. Tenants compliance with a Rent Payment Notice shall not be deemed 
to violate the Lease. Landlord hereby releases Tenant from, and shall 
indemnify and hold Tenant harmless from and against, any and all loss, 
claim, damage, liability, cost or expense (including payment of reasonable 
attorneys fees and disbursements) arising from any claim based upon 
Tenants compliance with any Rent Payment Notice. Landlord shall look 
solely to Mortgagee with respect to any claims Landlord may have on account 
of an incorrect or wrongful Rent Payment Notice.
 
  	 	  	LANDLORD
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
Signature of Witness 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
 
  	 	  	Title: 	  	
 
Typed Name of Witness 	  	 	  	 	  	
Dated:             , 20     	  	 	  	 	  	


Guarantor Consent

Each of the undersigned, a guarantor of Tenants obligations under the 
Lease (a Guarantor), consents to Tenants execution, delivery and 
performance of the foregoing Agreement. From and after any attornment 
pursuant to the foregoing Agreement, that certain Guaranty dated            
  , 19     /20     (the Guaranty) executed by Guarantor in favor of       
               shall automatically benefit and be enforceable by Successor 
Landlord with respect to Tenants obligations under the Lease as affected 
by the foregoing Agreement. Successor Landlords rights under the Guaranty 
shall not be subject to any defense, offset, claim, counterclaim, reduction 
or abatement of any kind resulting from any act, omission or waiver by any 
Former Landlord for which Successor Landlord would, pursuant to the 
foregoing Agreement, not be liable or answerable after an attornment. The 
foregoing does not limit any waivers or other provisions contained in the 
Guaranty. Guarantor confirms that the Guaranty is in full force and effect 
and Guarantor presently has no offset, defense (other than any arising from 
actual payment or performance by Tenant, which payment or performance would 
bind a Successor Landlord under the foregoing Agreement), claim, 
counterclaim, reduction, deduction or abatement against Guarantors 
obligations under the Guaranty.
 
  	 	  	GUARANTOR
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
Signature of Witness 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
 
 
  	 	  	Title: 	  	
 
Typed Name of Witness 	  	 	  	 	  	
Dated:             , 20     	  	 	  	 	  	
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	6 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
(Tenant)
 
STATE OF NEW YORK 	  	)
  	: SS.
COUNTY OF                      	  	)

On the      day of             , in the year 20    , before me, the 
undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared     
                , personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they 
executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their 
signature(s) on the instrument, (the individuals), or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
 
 
Notary Public


ACKNOWLEDGMENT
(Mortgagee)
 
STATE OF NEW YORK 	  	)
  	: SS.
COUNTY OF                      	  	)

On the      day of             , in the year 20    , before me, the 
undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared     
                , personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they 
executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their 
signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
 
 
Notary Public


ACKNOWLEDGMENT
(Guarantor)
 
STATE OF NEW YORK 	  	)
  	: SS.
COUNTY OF                      	  	)

On the      day of             , in the year 20    , before me, the 
undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared     
                , personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they 
executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their 
signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon 
behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
 
 
Notary Public


ACKNOWLEDGMENT
(Landlord)
 
STATE OF NEW YORK 	  	)
  	: SS.
COUNTY OF                      	  	)

On the      day of             , in the year 20    , before me, the 
undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared     
                , personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of 
satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) 
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they 
executed the same in his/her/their capacity(its), and that by his/her/their 
signatures) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon behalf 
of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
 
 
Notary Public
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	7 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE A

DESCRIPTION OF LANDLORDS PREMISES

ALL THAT CERTAIN REAL PROPERTY lying, being and situated in the City of     
                , County of                     , and State of New York, 
more particularly described as follows.
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	8 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE B

CONSTRUCTION-RELATED OBLIGATIONS

Construction-Related Obligations remaining to be performed as of            
 , 19    /20    , if any

[Summarize and Describe]

Successor Landlords Construction-Related Obligations after attornment, if 
any:

[Negotiate and Describe]
 
CM-025 NY (11/06) 	  	 	   	© M&T Bank, 2006
  	9 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit G

Rules and Regulations

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit G

RULES AND REGULATIONS

1. The rights of tenants in the entrances, corridors, elevators and 
escalators of the Building are limited to ingress and egress for the 
tenants and their employees, licensees and invitees, and no tenant shall 
use the entrances, corridors, escalators or elevators for any other 
purpose, Fire exits and stairways are for emergency use only, and they 
shall not be used for any other purpose by the tenants, their employees, 
licensees or invitees. No tenant shall encumber or obstruct, or permit the 
encumbrance or obstruction of, any of the sidewalks, plazas, entrances, 
corridors, escalators (if any), elevators, fire exits or stairways of the 
Building. The Landlord reserves the right to control and operate the public 
portions of the Building and the public facilities, as well as facilities 
furnished for the common use of the tenants, in such manner as it deems 
best for the benefit of the tenants generally.

2. Landlord may refuse admission to the Building outside of Normal Business 
Hours to any person not known to the watchman, in charge or not having a 
pass issued by the Landlord or the tenant whose premises are to be entered 
or not otherwise properly identified, and may require all persons admitted 
to or leaving the Building outside of ordinary business hours to register. 
Any person whose presence in the Building at any time shall, in the 
judgment of Landlord, be prejudicial to the safety, character, reputation 
and interests of the Building or of its tenants may be denied access to the 
Building or may be ejected therefrom. In case of invasion, riot, public 
excitement or other commotion, Landlord may prevent all access to the 
Building during the continuance of the same, by closing the doors or 
otherwise, for the safety of the tenants and protection of property in the 
Building. Landlord may require any person leaving the Building with any 
package or other object to exhibit a pass from the tenant from whose 
premises the package or object is being removed, but the establishment and 
enforcement of such requirement shall not impose any responsibility on 
Landlord for the protection of any tenant against the removal of property 
from the premises of the tenant Landlord shall, in no way, be liable to any 
tenant for damages or loss arising from the admission, exclusion or 
ejection of any person to or from the tenants premises or the Building 
under the provisions of this rule. Canvassing, soliciting or peddling in 
the Building Is prohibited, and every tenant shall cooperate to prevent the 
same.

3. No tenant shall obtain or accept for use in its premises towel, 
barbering, boot blacking, floor polishing, lighting maintenance or other 
similar services from any persons not authorized by Landlord in writing to 
furnish such services, provided that the charges for such services by 
persons authorized by Landlord are not excessive and, where appropriate and 
consonant with the security and proper operation of the Building, 
sufficient persons are so authorized for the same service to provide 
tenants with a reasonable competitive selection. Such services shall be 
furnished only at such hours, in such places within the tenants premises 
and under such reasonable regulations as may be fixed by Landlord.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. The cost of repairing any damage to the public portions of the Building 
or the public facilities or to any facilities used in common with other 
tenants, caused by a tenant or the employees, licensees or invitees of the 
tenant, shall be paid by such tenant as additional rent.

5. No lettering, sign, advertisement, notice or object shall be displayed 
in or on, the exterior windows or doors, or on the outside of any tenants 
premises without the prior written consent of Landlord. The inscription of 
the name of the tenant on the door of the tenants premises shall be done 
by Landlord at the Tenants expense; any other listings shall be at the 
discretion of Landlord.

6. No awnings or other projections over or around the outside of any 
windows shall be installed by any tenant, Linoleum, tile or other floor 
covering shall be laid in a tenants premises only in a manner approved by 
Landlord.

7. Landlord shall have the right to prescribe the weight and position of 
safes and other objects of excessive weight, and no safe or other object 
whose weight exceeds the lawful load for the area upon which it would stand 
shall be brought into or kept upon a tenants premises. If, in the judgment 
of Landlord, it is necessary to distribute the concentrated weight of any 
heavy object, the work involved in such distribution shall be done at the 
expense of the tenant and in such manner as Landlord shall determine. The 
moving of safes and other heavy objects shall take place only outside of 
ordinary business hours upon previous notice to Landlord, and the persons 
employed to move the same in and out of the Building shall be reasonably 
acceptable to Landlord and, if so required by law, shall hold a Master 
Riggers license, Freight, furniture, business equipment, merchandise and 
bulky matter of any description shall be delivered to and removed from the 
premises only in the freight elevators and through the service entrances 
and corridors, and only during hours and in a manner approved by Landlord. 
Arrangements will be made by Landlord with any tenant for moving large 
quantities of furniture and equipment into or out of the Building.

8. No machines or mechanical equipment of any kind, other than ordinary 
business machines or equipment related to tenants medical practice, if 
applicable, may be installed or operated in any tenants premises without 
Landlords prior written consent, and in no case (even where the same are 
of a type so excepted or as so consented to by Landlord) shall any machines 
or mechanical equipment be so placed or operated as to disturb other 
tenants, Machines and mechanical equipment which may be permitted to be 
installed and maintained by such tenant shall be installed and maintained 
so as to prevent any disturbing noise, vibration or electrical or other 
interference from being transmitted from such premises to any other area of 
the Building.

9. No noise, including the playing of any musical instruments, radio or 
television, which, in the judgment of the Landlord, might disturb other 
tenants in the Building, shall be made or permitted by any tenant, and no 
cooking (exclusive of microwave ovens) shall be done in any tenants 
premises, except as expressly approved by Landlord. Nothing shall be done 
or permitted in any tenants premises, and nothing shall be brought into or 
kept in any tenants premises, which would impair or interfere

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with any of the Building services or the proper and economic heating, 
cleaning or other servicing of the Building or the premises, or the use or 
enjoyment by any other tenant of any other premises, nor shall there be 
installed by any tenant any ventilating, air-conditioning, electrical or 
other equipment of any kind which, in the judgment of Landlord, might cause 
any such impairment or interference. No dangerous, flammable, combustible 
or explosive object or material shall be brought into the Building by any 
tenant or with the permission of any tenant.

10. No acids, vapors or other materials shall be discharged or permitted to 
be discharged into the waste lines, vents or flues of the Building which 
may damage them. The water and wash closets and other plumbing fixtures in 
or serving any tenants premises shall not be used for any purpose other 
than the purpose for which they were designed or constructed, and no 
sweepings, rubbish, rags, acids or other foreign substances shall be 
deposited therein.

11. No additional locks or bolts of any kind shall be placed upon any of 
the doors or windows in any tenants premises and no lock on any door 
therein shall be changed or altered in any respect, unless such addition, 
change or alteration is made at tenants expense and, upon making same, a 
key or keys to the additional, changed or altered lock or bolt is delivered 
to Landlord. Upon the termination of a tenants lease, all keys of the 
tenants premises and toilet rooms shall he delivered to Landlord.

12. All entrance doors in each tenants premises shall be left locked and 
all windows shall be left closed by the tenant when the tenants premises 
are not in use.

13. Hand trucks not equipped with rubber tires and side guards or other 
means of protecting against damage to the Building shall not be used within 
the Building.

14. All windows in each tenants premises shall be kept closed and all 
blinds therein above the ground floor shall be closed when and as 
reasonably required because of the position of the sun, during the 
operation of the Building air-conditioning system to cool or ventilate the 
tenants premises.

15. A directory in a conspicuous place, and containing the names of the 
tenants in the Building will be provided by Landlord. Changes, alterations 
or additions in lettering upon the directory, and upon doors within the 
tenants respective premises, when required, will be made for the tenants 
by Landlord at the respective tenants expense.

16. The Landlord reserves the right to make such other and further 
reasonable rules and regulations, or make changes in the same, as in its 
judgment may from time to time be needed for the safety, care and 
cleanliness of the Building, and for the preservation of good order 
therein, provided that such additional rules and regulations (a) shall not 
unreasonably restrict Tenants use of the Leased Premises or the nature of 
Tenants business, (b) shall not limit any of the services already provided 
by the Landlord and (c) shall be provided to Tenant in writing prior to 
being implemented or enforced.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. Except as an aid to the handicapped, no dogs or other animals, reptiles 
or birds will be allowed in the Building.

18. Landlord shall have the light to designate one or more areas on the 
Property for smoking. Tenant shall restrict its employees and visitors from 
smoking in any areas other than those designated by Landlord for such 
purpose. Landlord may, from time to tune, change the designated smoking 
area(s).

19. Except in the ordinary course of its business and in strict compliance 
with all applicable Laws, Tenant shall not bring or permit to be brought or 
kept in or on the Leased Premises, Building, or surrounding yards, areas, 
or parking lots any inflammable, combustible, or explosive or otherwise 
hazardous fluid, material, chemical or substance or cause or permit any 
odors to permeate in or emanate therefrom.

20. Tenants may accept deliveries via the building loading dock. Delivery 
and the transport of received items to the tenant space must be scheduled 
to occur either before 8:00 a.m. or after 6:00 p.m. on weekdays or before 
or after established business hours on weekends. All deliveries must be 
scheduled and coordinated by the tenant with the Landlords designated 
Property Management Representative. The tenant must contact the Landlords 
designated property management representative regarding the scheduling of 
any deliveries between 8:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. on weekdays or during 
established business hours on weekends. Deliveries must be broken down at 
the loading dock into a size that can be easily transported to the tenant 
space on a dolly cart approved by the Landlords designated Property 
Management Representative. The use of pallet jacks is prohibited. The 
tenant shall be responsible to provide all necessary protection of finishes 
for the transport of the delivery from the loading dock to the tenant 
space. The tenant will be responsible to pay for the repair of any damages 
caused by the transport of the delivery from the loading dock to the tenant 
space. The Landlords designated property management representative will 
assess any damages and will coordinate any needed repair work.

21. All capitalized terms set forth in this Exhibit E shall be as defined 
in the Lease.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit H

Memorandum of Ground Lease
 
076494.00000 Business 12305717v13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERIE COUNTY CLERKS OFFICE 	  	 [LOGO]
County Clerks Recording Page 	   	 	  	 	   	
Return to: 	   	 	  	Book Type: 	   	D Book: 11214 Page: 4078
BOX 139
   	 	  	Page Count: 	   	7
   	 	  	Doc Type: 	   	LEASE/MEMO
   	 	  	Rec Date: 	   	12/22/2011
   	 	  	Rec Tim: 	   	12:45:21 PM
Party 1: 	   	 	  	Control #: 	   	2011258809
KALEIDA PROPERTIES INC 	   	 	  	UserlD: 	   	Danielle
   	 	  	Receipt#: 	   	11182404
Party 2: 	   	 	  	Document Sequence Number
FLC 50 HIGH STREET CORPORATION 	   	 	  	
TT2011008173
   	 	  	
 
Recording Fees:
  	   	  	   	
Consideration Amount: 1.00
 
 Fee 1
   	  	$55.00 	  	   	 	   	BASIC 	   	  	0 	 
 Fee 2
   	  	$1.00 	  	   	 	   	SONYMA 	   	  	0 	 
 COE STATE $14.25 GEN
   	  	$14.25 	  	   	 	   	ADDL 	   	  	0 	 
 COE STATE $4.75 RM
   	  	$4.75 	  	   	 	   	NFTA MT 	   	  	$0.00 	 
 TP584
   	  	$10.00 	  	   	 	   	TRANSFER 	   	  	$0.00 	 
   	 	 	 	   	 	   	NFTA TT 	   	  	$0.00 	 
 
 
Total: $85.00

STATE OF NEW YORK
ERIE COUNTY CLERKS OFFICE

WARNING  THIS SHEET CONSTITUTES THE CLERKS ENDORSEMENT REQUIRED BY 
SECTION 319&316-a (5) OF THE REAL PROPERTY LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. DO 
NOT DETACH. THIS IS NOT A BILL.

Christopher L. Jacobs
COUNTY CLERK
 
Book11214/Page4078 	   	Page 1 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MEMORANDUM OF GROUND LEASE

NAME AND ADDRESS OF LANDLORD:

Kaleida Properties Inc.
726 Exchange Street, Suite 200
Buffalo, New York 14210


NAME AND ADDRESS OF TENANT:

F.L.C. 50 High Street Corporation
350 Essjay Road
Williamsville, New York 14221


DATE OF EXECUTION OF LEASE:

December 2, 2011


DESCRIPTION OF DEMISED PREMISES IN THE FORM CONTAINED IN THE LEASE:

Approximately 61,226 square feet of land more particularly described on 
Exhibit A attached hereto.


DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF LEASE TERM:

The original term of the Lease commenced on December 2, 2011.


DATE OF TERMINATION OF LEASE TERM:

The original term of the Lease shall terminate on the last day of the forty 
ninth lease year after the rent commencement date as set forth the lease.

RENEWAL TERMS: None

USE RESTRICTIONS: The lease contains the following provisions as to uses of 
the premises:

Tenant may use the Premises for medical office, related services and other 
ancillary uses, subject to the terms set forth below. Ancillary uses shall 
include general office use, retail shops, parking facilities, hotel, 
residential, recreational, child care and restaurants servicing patients, 
tenants, guests, invitees and the general public.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not lease retail space to a 
Subtenant for use as a pharmacy for the retail sale to the public of 
prescription and non-prescription medications (a Retail Pharmacy) only 
for so long as Landlord or a wholly owned subsidiary of Landlord solely 
owns and operates such Retail Pharmacy and such Retail Pharmacy is open for
 
Book11214/Page4079 	   	Page 2 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
business to the general public within the Premises. Landlord must notify 
Tenant in writing prior to the commencement of construction of the Tenants 
Improvements whether or not it intends to operate a Retail Pharmacy within 
the Premises. In the event the Retail Pharmacy is not owned and operated 
solely by Landlord or a wholly owned affiliate of Landlord, Landlords 
right to operate a Retail Pharmacy within the Premises shall immediately 
terminate and the Retail Pharmacy operated by Landlord shall immediately 
close. In the event the Retail Pharmacy otherwise ceases operations for any 
reason (except to the extent resulting damage or destruction pursuant to 
Article XXIV below) Landlords right to operate a Retail Pharmacy within 
the Premises shall immediately terminate.

Tenant shall not lease space within the Premises: (i) to physicians, 
physician practice groups or other medical providers (Competing Medical 
Providers) employed by, or involved in any contractual relationship with, 
a hospital corporation directly competing for patients with Landlord or 
with Kaleida Health, a New York State not for profit corporation 
(Kaleida) (Competing Hospital Provider) unless such Competing Physician 
Providers are also employed by Kaleida Health, Great Lakes Health, General 
Physicians, P. C., or any subsidiary professional corporation of General 
Physicians, P. C. or an affiliate of any of the foregoing, (ii) to a 
Competing Hospital Provider, (iii) to others providing outpatient medical 
services (Outpatient Medical Services) offered by Kaleida within the 
Medical Campus (Competing Outpatient Services, as defined below). A 
prospective Subtenant shall be considered to be providing Competing 
Outpatient Services to the extent the primary use or any significant 
ancillary use proposed by such prospective Subtenant is being provided by 
Kaleida within the Medical Campus at the time a Proposed Use Summary 
(defined below) is submitted to Landlord for its approval and such primary 
or ancillary use would be competing directly with the service then being 
provided by Kaleida. By way of example only, it shall not be considered a 
significant ancillary use if a physician or medical provider is drawing 
blood from his/her patients incidental to his/her practice or, if, in the 
regular course of practice, a physician or medical provider provides 
limited diagnostic testing through the use of such portable diagnostic 
tools as a portable sonogram.

The prohibition against Tenant subleasing space within the Premises to 
Competing Medical Providers, to Competing Hospital Providers, or to others 
providing Competing Outpatient Services, as set forth in (i) through (iii) 
above shall terminate if Kaleida does not own or operate a major hospital 
facility within the Medical Campus, as shall the restrictions set forth 
below.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may sublease space within the 
Premises to (A) medical providers offering medical services at the Medical 
Campus as of the Effective Date or, (B) if Landlord or Kaleida (or an 
affiliate thereof) ceases to sublease at least 85,000 square feet of 
rentable square feet at the Premises, to any medical provider other than a 
Competing Medial Provider or a Competing Hospital Provider, but in such 
case, only for uses other than the following: (i) a diagnostic therapeutic 
imaging center, (ii) surgery, other than Outpatient Surgery, as defined 
below, (iii) urgent care, (iv) emergency services, (v) birthing of babies, 
(vi) pediatric in-patient invasive services, (vii) dedicated center for 
performance of gastrointestinal procedures, or (viii) ambulatory surgical 
centers, being defined as a service organized to provide those surgical 
procedures which need to be performed for safety reasons in an operating 
room on anesthetized patients requiring a stay of less than 24 hours. 
Outpatient Surgery is defined as a
 
Book11214/Page4080 	   	Page 3 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
procedure which may be performed on an outpatient basis, is a diagnostic 
test or treatment, including certain surgical procedures, that carries a 
low patient risk, requires minimal pre- and post-procedure observation and 
treatment, is not likely to be time consuming or followed by complications, 
and is not associated with a condition which would require hospitalization.

Provided Kaleida owns, controls or operates a full service hospital 
facility at the Medical Campus, Tenant shall not sell the Tenants 
Improvements or assign its rights pursuant to this Lease to a Competing 
Medical Provider, a Competing Hospital Provider, or to a party providing 
Competing Outpatient Services.

Each of the Subleases into which Tenant enters at the Premises will contain 
the following language: Tenant agrees that it will not engage in any uses 
of the premises except as expressly set forth herein, without the prior 
written consent of Landlord and Prime Landlord, which consent may be 
withheld or denied in accordance with the Terms of the Prime Lease. Tenant 
further agrees that Prime Landlord is an intended third party beneficiary 
of the provisions of this Lease defining and restricting the uses permitted 
hereunder. Accordingly, Prime Landlord will have all rights and remedies 
available at law or in equity to enforce such provisions directly against 
Tenant or anyone claiming by or through Tenant.
 
Book11214/Page4081 	   	Page 4 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have respectively executed this 
Memorandum of Lease as of this 2nd day of December, 2011.
 
LANDLORD:
KALEIDA PROPERTIES INC.
By: 	  	
[LOGO]
 
Name: 	  	Joseph M. Kessler
Title: 	  	EVP and CFO
TENANT:
F.L.C. 50 HIGH STREET CORPORATION
By: 	  	
[LOGO]
 
Name: 	  	Frank L. Ciminelli
Title: 	  	President
 
Book11214/Page4082 	   	Page 5 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
 
STATE OF New York 	   	) 	   	
   	:ss. Amherst 	   	
COUNTY OF Erie 	   	) 	   	

On the 2nd day of December, in the year 2011, before me, the undersigned, a 
notary public in and for said state, personally appeared Joseph Kessler, 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same 
in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on 
the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of which the 
individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
 
[LOGO]
 
Notary Public
 
STATE OF New York 	   	) 	  	 	  	 [LOGO]
   	:ss.Amherst 	  	 	 
COUNTY OF Erie 	   	) 	  	 	 

On the 2nd day of December, in the year 2011, before me, the undersigned, a 
notary public in and for said state, personally appeared Frank Ciminelli, 
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory 
evidence to be the individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the 
within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same 
in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on 
the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon behalf of which the 
individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
 
[LOGO]
 
Notary Public
[LOGO]
 
026342/00009 Business 8794288v1 	   	
Book11214/Page4083 	   	Page 6 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A
 
(Suggested Description) 	   	1.402±Acres
Job No. 7669-C 	   	

ALL THAT TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND situate in the City of Buffalo, County of 
Erie, State of New York, and Being part of Lot 29, Township 11, Range 6 of 
the Holland Land Company survey (so-called), bounded and described as 
follows:

BEGINNING AT the intersection of the east line of Main Street and the south 
line of Goodrich Street;

RUNNING THENCE: Easterly, along the south line of Goodrich Street, a 
distance of 191.58 feet to a point:

RUNNING THENCE: Southerly, at an interior angle of 89°-46° with the last 
described line, a distance of 274, 85 foot to a point on the north line of 
High street;

RUNNING THENCE: Westerly, along the north lice of High Street and at an 
interior angle of 90°-16°-10 with the last described line, a distance of 
281.96 feet to the POINT OR PLACE OF BEGINNING containing 1,402 Acres, be 
the same , more or less.

SUBJECT to assessment, rights of way and restrictions of record.
 
026342/00009 Business 8716276v7
 
  	- 44 - 	  	
Book11214/Page4084 	   	Page 7 of 7