 EX-10 10 filename10.htm
Exhibit 10.18.1

FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE AGREEMENT FOR MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT,
INNOVATION AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE AGREEMENT FOR MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, INNOVATION AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE (First Amendment) 
is effective as of July 21, 2015, (First Amendment Effective Date) and is 
between FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION (FSMC), a not-for-profit 
corporation existing under the laws of the State of New York, having its 
office located at 257 Fuller Road, Albany, New York 12203 and KINEX 
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (KINEX), a Delaware corporation with its principal 
office located at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 14203. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined in this First Amendment shall have the meanings 
set forth in the Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, reference is made to that certain Agreement for Medical Technology 
Research, Development, Innovation and Commercialization Alliance 
(Agreement) entered into by FSMC and KINEX and made effective as of May 
1, 2015; and

WHEREAS, the Agreement sets forth the location of the to be constructed 
Manufacturing Facility; and

WHEREAS, FSMC and KINEX desire to amend the Agreement to amend the location 
of the Manufacturing Facility.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of mutual promises herein contained, the 
Parties agree as follows:
 
1. 	Section 2.8 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and 
replaced as follows with all references to the location of the 
Manufacturing Facility to be deleted and revised to refer to Dunkirk, New 
York:

Manufacturing Facility means the approximately 315,000 square foot 
state-of-the-art ISO Class 5 high potency oral and sterile injectable 
pharmaceutical manufacturing facility and related infrastructure to be 
located at a site in or near Dunkirk, New York. After the Parties sign this 
Agreement, the Parties will mutually agree on specifications for the design 
and construction of the Manufacturing Facility to be set forth in Exhibit A 
by amending this Agreement and on terms for the operation and maintenance 
of the Manufacturing Facility in a separate written lease agreement between 
KINEX and FSMC.
 
2. 	Exhibit C annexed to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety 
and is replaced with the Exhibit C annexed to this First Amendment.
 
3. 	Exhibit D annexed to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety 
and is replaced with the Exhibit D annexed to this First Amendment.
 
4. 	Unless otherwise expressly amended by this First Amendment, the terms 
and conditions of the Agreement shall remain the same and in full force and 
effect.
 
5. 	This First Amendment may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, and all of which when taken together shall 
constitute but one and the same First Amendment.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
 
Any signed copy of this First Amendment made by reliable means (e.g., 
photocopy, facsimile, or PDF Adobe Format) is considered an original.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to 
be signed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the 
Effective Date.
 
FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 	  	 	  	KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
 By:
  	
 [LOGO]
 
  	 	  	
 By:
  	
[LOGO]
 
 Name:
  	
 Walter Gerald Barber
  	 	  	
 Name:
  	
 Flint D. Besecker
 Title:
  	
 Chairman
  	 	  	
 Title:
  	
 Chief Operating Officer & Board Director
 Date:
  	
 August 6, 2015
  	 	  	
 Date:
  	
 July    , 2015

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
 
EXHIBIT C

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
 
EXHIBIT D

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]