 EX-10.5 7 d260662dex105.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5

EXECUTION VERSION




TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT

among

XEROX CORPORATION

and

XEROX OVERSEAS, INC.

and

CONDUENT INCORPORATED

Dated as of December 30, 2016

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
ARTICLE II 	  	
 Term
   	  	2 	  
ARTICLE III 	  	
 Grant
   	  	2 	  
ARTICLE IV 	  	
 Restrictions
   	  	3 	  
ARTICLE V 	  	
 Ownership
   	  	3 	  
ARTICLE VI 	  	
 Quality Control
   	  	3 	  
ARTICLE VII 	  	
 Representations and Warranties
   	  	5 	  
ARTICLE VIII 	  	
 Indemnification
   	  	5 	  
ARTICLE IX 	  	
 Termination
   	  	6 	  
ARTICLE X 	  	
 Miscellaneous
   	  	7 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT is dated as of December 30, 2016 (this 
Agreement), among XEROX CORPORATION, a New York corporation (Xerox), 
XEROX OVERSEAS, INC., a Delaware corporation (together with Xerox, 
Licensor), and CONDUENT INCORPORATED, a New York corporation (Licensee
).

RECITALS

WHEREAS in connection with the contemplated Spin-Off of Conduent and 
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Xerox and Conduent are 
entering into a Separation and Distribution Agreement (the Separation 
Agreement);

WHEREAS Licensor is the owner of the Licensed Trademarks; and

WHEREAS Licensee desires to acquire a license to use the Licensed 
Trademarks with respect to the Licensed Services and Licensor has the right 
to grant such a license and is willing to do so pursuant to the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and 
covenants contained in this Agreement, the Parties, intending to be legally 
bound, hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
have the following meanings:

Customer List Uses shall mean use of the Licensed Trademarks on customer 
lists.

Designated Territory shall mean the territory set forth in Schedule C.

General Use Term shall mean (a) 12 months after the Distribution Date, or 
(b) 18 months after the Distribution Date if the Licensee requests in 
writing such longer period and Licensor consents (in its sole discretion) 
to such longer period.

Identified Group Members means only the members of the Conduent Group 
immediately following the Distribution.

Licensed Trademarks shall mean the trademarks set forth in Schedule A.

Licensed Services shall mean the products, services and offerings 
actually sold or offered by the BPO Business for commercial sale as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution and substantially related extensions 
of such products, services and offerings.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Party means a party hereto, and Parties means all of the parties 
hereto.

Territory shall mean the entire world wherever Licensor has rights to the 
Licensed Trademarks; provided that the Territory shall exclude all 
embargoed and sanctioned countries under US export control laws and 
regulations, including as of the date of this Agreement: Syria, Sudan, 
Iran, North Korea, Cuba and Crimea. Licensor shall have the right to add or 
remove countries from the Territory should the US government impose or 
remove sanctions upon such country.

SECTION 1.02. Any capitalized term used in this Agreement but not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.


ARTICLE II

TERM

The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Distribution Date and 
shall expire on the expiration of the General Use Term unless earlier 
terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the Term).


ARTICLE III

GRANT

SECTION 3.01. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Licensor hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Xerox Group 
to hereby grant, to Licensee and the Identified Group Members a fully 
paid-up, royalty free, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license to use the 
Licensed Trademarks (i) solely in connection with the sale, provision, 
marketing, performance and promotion of the Licensed Services, excluding 
Customer List Uses and excluding any use of the Licensed Trademarks as a 
trade name including use on business cards, invoices, contracts or on 
letterhead except where and for so long as Identified Group Members 
currently use XEROX in their trade name, and (ii) with the prior written 
approval of Licensor, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed, solely in connection with the Customer List Uses 
that are associated with the sale, provision, marketing, performance and 
promotion of the Licensed Services within the Territory.

SECTION 3.02. Licensee and the Identified Group Members shall not use the 
Licensed Trademarks in connection with any business other than the Licensed 
Services and Customer List Uses.

SECTION 3.03. Except as provided in this Article III, all licenses granted 
herein shall be nontransferable and non-assignable without the prior 
written consent of Licensor.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.04. No Sublicensing. Licensee and the Identified Group Members 
have no right to grant sublicenses of the Licensed Trademarks to any other 
Person without the express written approval of Licensor.


ARTICLE IV

RESTRICTIONS

Licensee will not, and will cause the Identified Group Members not to, 
adopt, use or register in any jurisdiction any trademark, trade name or 
domain name that is confusingly similar to the Licensed Trademarks. 
Licensee shall not, and shall cause the Identified Group Members not to, 
make any use of the Licensed Trademarks in a manner that may tarnish, blur, 
or dilute the quality associated with trademarks owned by Licensor or its 
Subsidiaries or the associated goodwill.


ARTICLE V

OWNERSHIP

Licensee acknowledges that the Licensed Trademarks are the exclusive and 
sole property of Licensor, and Licensee agrees that it will not contest 
Licensors ownership or validity of the Licensed Trademarks. Nothing in 
this Agreement shall confer in Licensee any right of ownership in Xerox 
trademarks, and Licensee shall not make any representation to that effect, 
or use the Licensed Trademarks in a manner that suggests that such rights 
are conferred. Licensee agrees that any and all rights and goodwill that 
might be acquired by its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to the 
sole benefit of Licensor.


ARTICLE VI

QUALITY CONTROL

SECTION 6.01. Licensee agrees, upon Licensors reasonable request, to 
furnish to Licensor representative samples of marketing materials used, 
distributed, sold or otherwise disposed of by Licensee that include or 
refer to the Licensed Trademarks. Licensee shall provide and maintain the 
Licensed Services according to standards that are, and a level of quality 
that is either (i) substantially the same as the standards and quality of 
the BPO Business as of immediately prior to the Distribution, or (ii) 
approved in writing by Licensor prior to the marketing of the Licensed 
Services.

SECTION 6.02. Conditions Applicable to the Appearance of the Licensed 
Trademarks:

(a) Licensee agrees to comply with the rules set forth on Schedule B (
Trademark Guidelines) with respect to the appearance and manner of use of 
the Licensed Trademarks, as such rules may be amended by Licensor from time 
to time in Licensors sole discretion. It being understood and agreed that 
such rules shall be consistent with the rules set forth as of immediately 
prior to the Distribution. Licensor
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
agrees to notify Licensee in writing of any changes to the Trademark 
Guidelines. Licensees and the Identified Group Members obligation to 
comply with revised Trademark Guidelines shall be prospective from the date 
of notification of any such changes thereto, and Licensee shall not be 
required to modify any materials complying with the prior guidelines that 
were distributed, sold or otherwise disposed of prior to such notification. 
Any changes to any form of use of the Licensed Trademarks not specifically 
provided for pursuant to the Trademark Guidelines shall be adopted by 
Licensee only upon prior approval in writing by Licensor.

(b) Licensee agrees to submit any uses of the Licensed Trademarks within 
the Designated Territory to North America Brand Support (via the brand 
review tool 
http://xeroxbrandcentral.external.xerox.com/brandreview/Account/LoginRegister?ReturnUrl=%2fbrandreview 
or by email to NABrandSupport@xerox.com) prior to use for the approval of 
North America Brand Support. Such approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

SECTION 6.03. Protection of Licensed Trademarks

(a) Licensee shall take reasonable steps to avoid endangering the validity 
of the Licensed Trademarks, including compliance with the applicable laws 
and regulations in all countries where Licensed Services are marketed. 
Licensee shall execute registered user agreements and similar documents 
required by Licensor to protect or enhance Licensors title and rights in 
the Licensed Trademarks. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, 
Licensee shall be responsible for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with obtaining and maintaining trademark 
registrations where such registrations would not have been applied for or 
maintained in the absence of Licensees activities under this Agreement, 
recording this Agreement and obtaining the entry of Licensee as a 
registered or authorized user of the Licensed Trademarks.

(b) In relation to the Licensed Services, in the event that Licensee learns 
of any infringement or threatened infringement of the Licensed Trademarks 
in the Territory or any passing-off in the Territory or that any third 
party alleges or claims to Licensee that the Licensed Trademarks are liable 
to cause deception or confusion to the public in the Territory, or are 
liable to dilute or infringe any right in the territory, Licensee shall as 
promptly as reasonably practicable notify Licensor or its authorized 
representative giving particulars thereof. Licensor may elect to pursue 
such claims and any such proceedings shall be at the sole expense of 
Licensor and any recoveries shall be solely for the benefit of Licensor. 
Nothing herein, however, shall be deemed to require Licensor to enforce the 
Licensed Trademarks against others.

(c) In the performance of this Agreement, each Party shall comply with all 
applicable intellectual property and industrial laws and regulations, and 
those laws and regulations particularly pertaining to the proper use and 
designation of trademarks, in the Territory. Should either Party be or 
become aware of any applicable intellectual property or industrial laws or 
regulations that are inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, it 
shall as promptly as reasonably practicable notify the other Party of such 
inconsistency.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VII

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 7.01. Licensor represents on behalf of itself and each other member 
of the Xerox Group, and Licensee represents on behalf of itself and each 
other member of the Conduent Group, as follows:

(a) it has the requisite corporate or other power and authority and has 
taken all corporate or other action necessary in order to execute, deliver 
and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby; and

(b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it and 
constitutes, or will constitute, a valid and binding agreement of it 
enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof.

SECTION 7.02. Licensor represents and warrants that it is the exclusive 
owner of the Licensed Trademarks and has the right to grant the license and 
rights set forth in this Agreement.


ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 8.01. Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensor, 
each other member of the Xerox Group and each of their respective former 
and current directors, officers and employees, and each of the heirs, 
executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (the Licensor 
Indemnitees) from and against any and all Liabilities of the Licensor 
Indemnitees to the extent that it is based upon Licensees breach of this 
Agreement or a third-party claim that Licensor is directly or indirectly 
responsible for or participates in Licensees or the Identified Group 
Members use or exploitation of the Licensed Trademarks, except to the 
extent the claim relates to a matter for which Licensor is obligated to 
indemnify any Licensee Indemnitee under Section 8.02 of this Agreement.

SECTION 8.02. Licensor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensee, 
each of the Identified Group Members and each of their respective former 
and current directors, officers and employees, and each of the heirs, 
executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (the Licensee 
Indemnitees) from and against any and all Liabilities of the Licensee 
Indemnitees to the extent that it is based upon (i) any third-party claim 
that Licensees or the Identified Group Members use of the Licensed 
Trademarks in accordance with this Agreement infringes or dilutes such 
third partys trademarks, or (ii) Licensors breach of this Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8.03. Licensor assumes no responsibilities or obligations to 
Licensee or the Identified Group Members, and Licensee shall, and shall 
cause the Identified Group Members to, make no claim against Licensor, 
regarding the safety, reliability, performance or marketability of any 
Licensed Services marketed under the Licensed Trademarks, whether or not 
such services have been approved by Licensor pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided that this Section 8.03 shall in no way limit the effectiveness or 
scope of any representations or warranties in the Separation Agreement.


ARTICLE IX

TERMINATION

SECTION 9.01. Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at 
any time upon written notice to Licensor. Licensor shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement if Licensee, at any time, materially defaults in 
performing any of its obligations under this Agreement and fails to remedy 
such default within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof from 
Licensor. Licensor may also terminate this Agreement upon written notice to 
Licensee in the event that Licensee:

(a) is adjudged bankrupt;

(b) becomes insolvent;

(c) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;

(d) has a receiver or trustee appointed for the benefit of its creditors;

(e) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy;

(f) initiates reorganization proceedings or takes any step toward 
liquidation; or

(g) loses or has expropriated substantially all of its assets related to 
Licensed Services.

SECTION 9.02. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall, and 
shall cause the Identified Group Members to, discontinue all use as soon as 
commercially practical but in no event more than thirty days after such 
termination of the Licensed Trademarks, and thereafter Licensee and the 
Identified Group Members shall no longer use or have the right to use the 
Licensed Trademarks on or in connection with the Licensed Services.

SECTION 9.03. Effect of Termination; Survival. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, Article I, Article VIII and Article X shall 
survive the expiration or any termination of this Agreement.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. No Assignment Or Transfer Without Consent. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any of 
the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be 
assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by either 
Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. Any purported 
assignment without such consent shall be void. Subject to the preceding 
sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, 
and be enforceable by, the Parties and their respective successors and 
assigns.

SECTION 10.02. Counterparts; Entire Agreement. (a) This Agreement may be 
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be 
considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one 
or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the 
other Party. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile or PDF signature 
and scanned and exchanged by electronic mail, and such facsimile or PDF 
signature or scanned and exchanged copies shall constitute an original for 
all purposes.

(b) This Agreement and the Schedules hereto contain the entire agreement 
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede 
all previous agreements, negotiations, discussions, writings, 
understandings, commitments and conversations with respect to such subject 
matter, and there are no agreements or understandings between the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those set forth or 
referred to herein or therein.

SECTION 10.03. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New 
York, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable 
principles of conflicts of Laws thereof. Each Party irrevocably consents to 
the exclusive jurisdiction, forum and venue of the Commercial Division of 
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County and the United 
States District Court for the Southern District of New York over any and 
all claims, disputes, controversies or disagreements between the Parties or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors and assigns 
under or related to this Agreement or any document executed pursuant to 
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

SECTION 10.04. Third-Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Agreement 
are solely for the benefit of Licensee, the Identified Group Members, 
Licensor and its Affiliates and are not intended to confer upon any other 
Person any rights or remedies hereunder, and there are no third-party 
beneficiaries of this Agreement other than the Identified Group Members and 
Licensors Affiliates and this Agreement shall not provide any third person 
other than the Identified Group Members and Licensors Affiliates with any 
remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right in 
excess of those existing without reference to this Agreement.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 10.05. Notices. All notices or other communications under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given when (a) 
delivered in person, (b) on the date received, if sent by a nationally 
recognized delivery or courier service or (c) upon the earlier of confirmed 
receipt or the fifth business day following the date of mailing if sent by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
addressed as follows:

If to Xerox, to:

Xerox Corporation
Attn: Director, Global Brand
Xerox Corporate Marketing Operations
800 Phillips Road, MS 0212-06S
Webster, New York 14580

and

Xerox Overseas, Inc.
Attn: Manager
45 Glover Avenue
P.O. Box 4505
Norwalk, Connecticut 06856-4505

with a copy to:

Xerox Corporation
Attn: Trademark Counsel
Office of General Counsel
45 Glover Avenue
P.O. Box 4505
Norwalk, Connecticut 06856-4505

If to Conduent, to:

Conduent Incorporated
233 Mount Airy Road, Suite 100
Basking Ridge, New Jersey
Attn: General Counsel

with a copy to:

Conduent Incorporated
233 Mount Airy Road, Suite 100
Basking Ridge, New Jersey
Attn: Senior Vice PresidentSEC, Procurement and Real Estate
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Either Party may, by notice to the other Parties, change the address to 
which such notices are to be given.

SECTION 10.06. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to 
Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which 
it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so 
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated 
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. 
Upon any such determination, any such provision, to the extent determined 
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, shall be deemed replaced by a 
provision that such court determines is valid and enforceable and that 
comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, void or 
unenforceable provision.

SECTION 10.07. Headings. The article, section and paragraph headings 
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

SECTION 10.08. Survival of Covenants. Except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, the covenants in this Agreement and the Liabilities for the 
breach of any obligations in this Agreement shall survive the Spin-Off and 
shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 10.09. Waivers of Default. No failure or delay of any Party (or the 
applicable member of its Group) in exercising any right or remedy under 
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or 
discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of 
conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right or power. Waiver by any Party of any default by the other 
Party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by 
the waiving Party of any subsequent or other default.

SECTION 10.10. Specific Performance. Notwithstanding the procedures set 
forth in Article IX, in the event of any actual or threatened default in, 
or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this 
Agreement, the affected Party shall have the right to specific performance 
and injunctive or other equitable relief of its rights under this 
Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at Law or 
in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The other 
Party shall not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that money 
damages are an adequate remedy. The Parties agree that the remedies at Law 
for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including monetary damages, are 
inadequate compensation for any loss and that any defense in any action for 
specific performance that a remedy at Law would be adequate is waived. Any 
requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are 
waived.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 10.11. Amendments. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed 
waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, 
amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the 
authorized representative of each Party.

SECTION 10.12. Interpretation. Words in the singular shall be held to 
include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall be held to 
include the other gender as the context requires. The terms hereof, 
herein, herewith and words of similar import, unless otherwise stated, 
shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of 
the schedules hereto) and not to any particular provision of this 
Agreement. Article, Section or Schedule references are to the articles, 
sections and schedules of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule to this Agreement but not 
otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this 
Agreement. Any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or 
other document herein (including any reference herein to this Agreement) 
shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other 
document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, 
supplements or modifications set forth herein). The word including and 
words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including, 
without limitation, unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise specified. The word or shall not be exclusive.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed as of the date hereof.
 
XEROX CORPORATION,
By 	  	/s/  Leslie F. Varon
  	Name:   Leslie F. Varon
  	Title:     Chief Financial Officer
XEROX OVERSEAS, INC.,
By 	  	/s/  Roy C. Harding
  	Name:  Roy C. Harding
  	Title:    President
CONDUENT INCORPORATED,
By 	  	/s/  Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Name:   Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Title:     Chief Financial Officer