 EX-10.2 4 f8k122716ex10ii_pacific.htm FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, BY AND 
AMONG PACIFIC SPECIAL ACQUISITION CORP., ZHENGQI INTERNATIONAL HOLDING 
LIMITED, IN ITS CAPACITY AS THE PURCHASER REPRESENTATIVE, AND THE 
SHAREHOLDER AND/OR WARRANT HOLDER OF BORQS INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CORP PARTY 
THERETO
Exhibit 10.2
 
FORM OF
LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
 
THIS LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of [●], 2017 by and 
among (i) Pacific Special Acquisition Corp., a British Virgin Islands 
business company with limited liability, which will be known after the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as 
defined below) as “Borqs Technologies, Inc.” (including any successor 
entity thereto, “Purchaser”), (ii) Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a 
business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited 
liability, in its capacity under the Merger Agreement as the Purchaser 
Representative (including any successor Purchaser Representative in 
accordance with the Merger Agreement, the “Purchaser Representative”), and 
(iii) the undersigned (“Holder”). Any capitalized term used but not defined 
in this Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Merger 
Agreement.
 
WHEREAS, on December 27, 2016, (i) Purchaser, (ii) PAAC Merger Subsidiary 
Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Purchaser (“Merger Sub”), (iii) the Purchaser Representative, (iv) Borqs 
International Holding Corp, an exempted company incorporated under the laws 
of the Cayman Islands with limited liability (the “Company”), (v) Zhengdong 
Zou, in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder, and (vi) for 
limited purposes thereof, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a business 
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability, 
entered into that certain Merger Agreement (as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to 
which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company 
continuing as the surviving entity (the “Merger”), and as a result of 
which, (a) all of the issued and outstanding capital shares of the Company, 
immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger (the “Closing”), shall 
no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall 
cease to exist, in exchange for the Merger Consideration Shares, subject to 
the withholding of the Escrow Shares being deposited in the Escrow Account 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and the 
Escrow Agreement, (ii) the Company’s warrant holders immediately prior to 
the Closing shall be issued replacement warrants of Purchaser exercisable 
into Purchaser Ordinary Shares (the “Replacement Purchaser Warrants”) and 
(iii) each outstanding Company option shall be assumed by Purchaser and 
automatically converted into an option exercisable into Purchaser Ordinary 
Shares (as equitably adjusted), all upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Law (2016 Revision) of the Cayman 
Islands;
 
WHEREAS, immediately prior to the Closing, Holder is a holder of Company 
Shares and/or Company Warrants in such amounts as set forth underneath 
Holder’s name on the signature page hereto; and
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and in view of the valuable 
consideration to be received by Holder thereunder, including the rights 
under the Registration Rights Agreement by and among Purchaser, the 
Purchaser Representative, Holder and the other holders of the Company’s 
securities immediately prior to the Closing that are named therein, that is 
to be entered into on or about the date hereof in connection with the 
Merger Agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), Purchaser, the 
Purchaser Representative, and Holder desire to enter into this Agreement, 
pursuant to which the Merger Consideration Shares, the Replacement 
Purchaser Warrants and all Purchaser Ordinary Shares underlying the 
Replacement Purchaser Warrants received by Holder in the Merger (all such 
securities, together with any securities paid as dividends or distributions 
with respect to such securities or into which such securities are exchanged 
or converted, the “Restricted Securities”) shall become subject to 
limitations on disposition as set forth herein.
 

  	 	 

 

 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, which 
are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and 
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.  Lock-Up Provisions.
 
(a)  Holder hereby agrees not to, during the period commencing from the 
Closing and (A), with respect to fifty percent (50%) of each type of the 
Restricted Securities, ending on the earliest of (x) the one (1) year 
anniversary of the date of the Closing, (y) the date after the Closing on 
which Purchaser consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other 
similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party that results in all of 
Purchaser’s shareholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings 
in Purchaser for cash, securities or other property (a “Subsequent 
Transaction”), and (z) the date on which the closing sale price of the 
Purchaser Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted 
for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) 
for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) trading day period 
commencing after the Closing, and (B), with respect to the remaining fifty 
percent (50%) of the Restricted Securities, ending on the earlier of (x) 
the one (1) year anniversary of the date of the Closing and (y) the date 
after the Closing on which Purchaser consummates a Subsequent Transaction, 
(the “Lock-Up Period”): (i) lend, offer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, 
donate, assign, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to 
purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right 
or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or 
indirectly, any Restricted Securities, (ii) enter into any swap or other 
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the 
economic consequences of ownership of the Restricted Securities, or (iii) 
publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing, whether any 
such transaction described in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) above is to be 
settled by delivery of Restricted Securities or other securities, in cash 
or otherwise (any of the foregoing described in clauses (i), (ii), or 
(iii), a “Prohibited Transfer”); provided, however, that the foregoing 
shall not preclude Holder from engaging in any transaction in the 
securities of another company in the same sector or in a similar sector as 
that of the Company. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to the transfer 
of any or all of the Restricted Securities owned by Holder (other than 
Escrow Shares until such Escrow Shares are disbursed to such Holder from 
the Escrow Account in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Merger Agreement and the Escrow Agreement), (A) by gift, will or intestate 
succession upon the death of Holder, (B) to any Permitted Transferee or (C) 
pursuant to a court order or settlement agreement related to the 
distribution of assets in connection with the dissolution of marriage or 
civil union; provided, however, that in any of cases (A), (B) or (C) it 
shall be a condition to such transfer that the transferee executes and 
delivers to Purchaser and the Purchaser Representative an agreement stating 
that the transferee is receiving and holding the Restricted Securities 
subject to the provisions of this Agreement applicable to Holder, and there 
shall be no further transfer of such Restricted Securities except in 
accordance with this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the term “
Permitted Transferee” shall mean: (1) the members of Holder’s immediate 
family (for purposes of this Agreement, “immediate family” shall mean any 
relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first 
cousin), (2) any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of Holder or the 
immediate family of Holder, (3) if Holder is a trust, to the trustor or 
beneficiary of such trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust, 
(4) as a distribution to limited partners, shareholders, members of, or 
owners of similar equity interests in Holder upon the liquidation and 
dissolution of Holder or (5) to any affiliate of Holder or to any 
investment fund or other entity controlled by Holder.
 
(b)  Without limiting Section 1(a) above, Holder further acknowledges and 
agrees that it shall not be permitted to engage in any Prohibited Transfer 
with respect to any Escrow Shares until such Escrow Shares are disbursed to 
such Holder from the Escrow Account in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Merger Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
(c)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Holder may during the Lock-Up Period 
pledge its Restricted Securities (other than its Escrow Shares) to an 
unaffiliated third party as a guarantee to secure borrowings made by such 
third party to the Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
(d)  If any Prohibited Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the 
provisions of this Agreement, such purported Prohibited Transfer shall be 
null and void ab initio, and Purchaser shall refuse to recognize any such 
purported transferee of the Restricted Securities as one of its equity 
holders for any purpose. In order to enforce this Section 1, Purchaser may 
impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Restricted Securities 
of Holder (and permitted transferees and assigns thereof) until the end of 
the Lock-Up Period.
 
(e)  During the Lock-Up Period (and with respect to any Escrow Shares, if 
longer, during the period when such Escrow Shares are held in the Escrow 
Account), each certificate evidencing any Restricted Securities shall be 
stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially the following 
form, in addition to any other applicable legends:
 
    “THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO
    RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF
    [●], 2017, BY AND AMONG THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES (THE “COMPANY”)
    AND THE COMPANY’S SHAREHOLDER NAMED THEREIN, AS AMENDED. A COPY OF SUCH
    LOCK-UP AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE COMPANY TO
    THE HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.”
         
(f)  For the avoidance of any doubt, Holder shall retain all of its rights 
as a shareholder of Purchaser during the Lock-Up Period, including the 
right to vote any Restricted Securities.
         
(g)  To the extent that any of the Merger Consideration Shares or 
Replacement Purchaser Warrants held by any other Company Shareholder 
subject to a Lock-Up Agreement entered into in connection with the Closing 
are released from, or not subject to, lockup restrictions substantially 
similar to those in this Agreement (a “Lockup Change”), Purchaser shall 
promptly give Holder written notice of such Lockup Change and the 
Restricted Securities subject to the terms of this Agreement shall be 
immediately released from, or not subject to, the lockup restrictions in 
this Agreement with an effectiveness concurrent with, and to substantially 
the same extent and effect as, the Lockup Change.
 
2.  Miscellaneous.
 
(a)  Termination of Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, in the event that the Merger Agreement is 
terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the Closing, this 
Agreement and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall 
automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect.
 
(b)  Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions 
hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective permitted successors and assigns. This Agreement and 
all obligations of Holder are personal to Holder and may not be transferred 
or delegated by Holder at any time. Purchaser may freely assign any or all 
of its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any successor 
entity (whether by merger, consolidation, equity sale, asset sale or 
otherwise) without obtaining the consent or approval of Holder. If the 
Purchaser Representative is replaced in accordance with the terms of the 
Merger Agreement, the replacement Purchaser Representative shall 
automatically become a party to this Agreement as if it were the original 
Purchaser Representative hereunder.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
(c)  Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any 
instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed 
to have been executed for the benefit of, any person or entity that is not 
a party hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a 
party.
 
(d)  Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute or 
controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, 
without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. All Actions 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined 
exclusively in any state or federal court located in New York, New York (or 
in any court in which appeal from such courts may be taken) (the “
Specified Courts”). Each party hereto hereby (i) submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of any Specified Court for the purpose of any Action arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto and (ii) 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or 
otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that it is not subject personally 
to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt 
or immune from attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an 
inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or 
by any Specified Court. Each party agrees that a final judgment in any 
Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by 
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each party 
irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any 
other process in any other action or proceeding relating to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its 
property, by personal delivery of copies of such process to such party at 
the applicable address set forth in Section 2(g). Nothing in this Section 
2(d) shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any 
other manner permitted by applicable law.
 
(e)  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER 
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD 
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND 
(ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND 
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 2(e).
 
(f)  Interpretation. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are 
for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or 
interpreting this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context 
otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include 
the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular 
form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; 
(ii) “including” (and with correlative meaning “include”) means including 
without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding 
such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words 
“without limitation”; (iii) the words “herein,” “hereto,” and “hereby” and 
other words of similar import in this Agreement shall be deemed in each 
case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular 
section or other subdivision of this Agreement; and (iv) the term “or” 
means “and/or”. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation 
and drafting of this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an ambiguity or 
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be 
construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption 
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue 
of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
(g)  Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by facsimile or other electronic means, 
with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day after 
being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier 
service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by 
registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in 
each case to the applicable party at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):
 
 
If to Purchaser after the Closing, to:
Borqs Technologies, Inc.
Tower A, Building B23
Universal Business Park
No. 10 Jiuxiangqiao Road
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100015, China
Attn: Pat Chan, CEO
Facsimile No.: 86-10-5975-6363
Telephone No: 86-10-5975-6336
Email: pat.chan@borqs.com
 
With copies to (which shall not constitute notice):
the Purchaser Representative (and its copy for notices hereunder)
 
and
 
Fenwick & West LLP
801 California Street
Mountain View, CA 94041
Attention: Eva Wang
Facsimile No.: (650) 938-5200
Telephone No.: (650) 335-7878
Email: ewang@fenwick.com
 
 
If to the Purchaser Representative, to:
Zhengqi International Holding Limited
855 Pudong South Road
The World Plaza, 27th Floor
Pudong, Shanghai 200120, China
Attn: Yaqi (Sophie) Feng, COO
Facsimile No.: 86-21-8012-9882
Telephone No: 86-21-8012-9878
Email: fengyq@tpyzq.com
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attention: Douglas Ellenoff
Stuart Neuhauser
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com
            sneuhauser@egsllp.com
 
 
If to Holder, to: the address set forth under Holder’s name on the 
signature page hereto.
 
     
(h)  Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and 
the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or 
prospectively) only with the written consent of Purchaser, the Purchaser 
Representative and Holder. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any 
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waivers of or 
exceptions to any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any 
one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or 
continuing waiver of any such term, condition, or provision.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(i) Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction, such provision shall 
be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent 
necessary to render the same valid, legal and enforceable, and the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof 
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the 
validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby 
in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other 
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties 
will substitute for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a 
suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, 
legal and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provision.
 
(j)  Specific Performance. Holder acknowledges that its obligations under 
this Agreement are unique, recognizes and affirms that in the event of a 
breach of this Agreement by Holder, money damages may be inadequate and 
Purchaser (and the Purchaser Representative on behalf of Purchaser) may 
have not adequate remedy at law, and agrees that irreparable damage would 
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not 
performed by Holder in accordance with their specific terms or were 
otherwise breached. Accordingly, each of Purchaser and the Purchaser 
Representative shall be entitled to seek an injunction or restraining order 
to prevent breaches of this Agreement by Holder and to seek to enforce 
specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the requirement to 
post any bond or other security or to prove that money damages would be 
inadequate, this being in addition to any other right or remedy to which 
such party may be entitled under this Agreement, at law or in equity.
 
(k)  Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the full and entire 
understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the 
subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled; 
provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect 
the rights and obligations of the parties under the Merger Agreement or any 
Ancillary Document, including the Registration Rights Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit any of 
the rights or remedies of Purchaser and the Purchaser Representative or any 
of the obligations of Holder under any other agreement between Holder and 
Purchaser or the Purchaser Representative or any certificate or instrument 
executed by Holder in favor of Purchaser or the Purchaser Representative, 
and nothing in any other agreement, certificate or instrument shall limit 
any of the rights or remedies of Purchaser or the Purchaser Representative 
or any of the obligations of Holder under this Agreement.
         
(l)  Further Assurances. From time to time, at another party’s request and 
without further consideration (but at the requesting party’s reasonable 
cost and expense), each party shall execute and deliver such additional 
documents and take all such further action as may be reasonably necessary 
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(m)  Counterparts; Facsimile.  This Agreement may also be executed and 
delivered by facsimile signature or by email in portable document format in 
two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but 
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow]
 

  	6 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lock-Up Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
  
Purchaser: 	 
  	 
Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	                             	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
  	  	 
The Purchaser Representative: 	 
  	  	 
Zhengqi International Holding Limited,
in its capacity as the Purchaser Representative 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
{Additional Signature on the Following Page}
 
{Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement}
 

 

 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lock-Up Agreement as of 
the date first written above. 
 
Holder:
 
Name of Holder: [_______________________________]
 
By: 	              	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
Number and Type of Company Shares and/or Company Warrants:
 
Company Shares:__________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________
 
Company Warrants:_______________________________________________
______________________________________________________________
 
Address for Notice: Address:	_______________________________________
______________________________________________________________ 
______________________________________________________________
Facsimile No.: ___________________________________________________
Telephone No.: __________________________________________________
Email: _________________________________________________________:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
{Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement}
 
 
 