 EX-10.7 11 d201422dex107.htm EX-10.7
Exhibit 10.7

EXECUTION COPY

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.

and

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

ORASCOVERY PROGRAM
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	14 	  
 ARTICLE 3 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
 REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	15 	  
 ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	23 	  
 ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	34 	  
 ARTICLE 6 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	37 	  
 ARTICLE 7 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	45 	  
 ARTICLE 8 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	48 	  
 ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	52 	  
 ARTICLE 10 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	57 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of 
December 16, 2011 (Effective Date), by and between KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS
, LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of 
the State of New York and having its principal office at 701 Ellicott 
Street, Buffalo, New York 14203, United States (Kinex) and HANMI 
PHARMACEUTICAL LTD., a publicly traded company existing under the laws of 
South Korea and having its principal office at 45 Hanmi Tower, BangYee-Dong 
SongPa-Gu, Seoul, 138-724 South Korea (Hanmi).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Hanmi owns or Controls the Hanmi Intellectual Property and is 
developing Compounds for improved absorption for oral drug dosing;

WHEREAS, Kinex and its Affiliates have experience in the development, 
marketing, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products and Kinex desires 
to obtain the exclusive right and license in the Territory to further 
develop and thereafter commercialize Licensed Products in the Field; and

WHEREAS, Hanmi desires to grant to Kinex such exclusive right and license 
in the Territory, all on the terms and conditions set forth below.
 
1
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

1.2 Affiliate means with respect to a Party: (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly or 
indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof.

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.

1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(c).
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a, Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.

1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, that (i) the first Calendar Quarter of any period 
specified under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such 
period to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and 
(ii) the last Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2011, and for 
each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and 
ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 C.F.R. means the United States Code of Federal Regulations.

1.9 cGMP means current Good Manufacturing Practice.

1.10 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

1.11 Clinical Studies means any clinical studies of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.

1.12 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or pre-launch activities.
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.13 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential.

1.14 Completion means, with respect to any clinical study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.15 Compound(s) means any and all pump inhibiting compounds discovered 
or developed in the Orascovery Program, including HM30181A (a 
P-Glycoprotein inhibitor) as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto, 
and any pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, solvates, amides, 
prodrugs, metabolites, and esters of the foregoing, or mixtures or 
combinations of any such compounds.

1.16 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.17 Copyright means the rights granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.

1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, adverse reaction data, chemistry, manufacturing and 
control (CMC) data and/or all other similar documentation generated in 
connection with any Compound or any Licensed Product.
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to any Compound or any Licensed Product which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of such Compound or 
Licensed Product, including any other pre-launch activities.

1.20 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

1.21 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.22 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in a country in 
the Territory.

1.23 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof

1.24 Field means the enhancement of oral absorption of any pharmaceutical 
preparation in humans or animals.

1.25 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in a country in the Territory by Kinex, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees after receipt of Regulatory Approval in such country or, where 
Regulatory Approval is not required, then the first sale for end use or 
consumption of a Licensed Product to a Third Party in that country in the 
Territory in connection with the nationwide introduction of such Licensed 
Product in that country in the Territory by Kinex, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees.

1.26 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board or the Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles as adopted in the United States (GAAP) will be 
consistently applied in each country based on the current accounting 
standards predominately utilized in such country. If a country does not 
utilize either GAAP or the international accounting standards, the 
international accounting standards shall be applied in such country.
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.27 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist in a particular country 
as of any date if, during the two (2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, 
(a) a Generic Product has a market share in the applicable country of at 
least *** percent (***%) of the then combined unit volume of the competing 
Licensed Product and the Generic Product, or (b) Net Sales by Kinex in the 
applicable country decrease by at least *** percent (***%) with each of (a) 
and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar Years as 
compared to the Calendar Year of Peak Sales.

1.28 Generic Product means any product containing any Compound as an 
active pharmaceutical ingredient sold by a Third Party (excluding, for 
these purposes, an Affiliate or sublicensees of Kinex).

1.29 Hanmi Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.30 Hanmi Intellectual Property means the Hanmi Patent Rights, Hanmi 
Know-How and Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Hanmi or any of 
its Affiliates from the Orascovery Program. A list of the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property as of the Effective Date is listed in Schedule 1.2.

1.31 Hanmi Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Hanmi or any of its Affiliates.

1.32 Hanmi Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Hanmi or any of its Affiliates.

1.33 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
of its Affiliates pursuant to activities relating to or contemplated by 
this Agreement during the Agreement Term, that have application or relate 
to a Compound or a Licensed Product for use in the Field including 
developments in the manufacture, formulation, ingredients, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, indication, 
methods of use or packaging and/or sale of a Compound or a Licensed 
Product.

1.34 IND means an Investigational New Drug application, this carries the 
same meaning to what is described in the United States in 21 C.F.R. Section 
312.23, obtained for purposes of conducting clinical trials in accordance 
with the requirements of the Act and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, including all supplements and amendments thereto relating to 
the use of a Compound or a Licensed Product in the Field.

1.35 Initiation means when an IND is submitted for Clinical Studies to 
the Regulatory Authority of the applicable country.

1.36 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).

1.37 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights, and 
Trademarks collectively, including applications thereof, relating to the 
Compound(s) or Licensed Products, as well as any Improvements thereto.

1.38 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.39 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.40 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.41 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
relate to any Compound or any Licensed Product, or any Improvement.

1.42 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.43 Licensed Product(s) means any and all pharmaceutical preparations in 
final form (or, where the context so indicates, the form under development) 
containing any Compound as an active pharmaceutical ingredient for use in 
the Field in the Territory.

1.44 Liquidity Event means (i) a Public Offering, or (ii) the sale or 
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Kinex, or 
(iii) any consolidation or merger of Kinex with or into any other person, 
in such a way that under (i), (ii) or (iii) the holders of Series A 
Preferred Units shall be entitled to receive cash or a class of securities 
that are publicly traded on a nationally recognized stock exchange in any 
jurisdiction or any combination thereof.

1.45 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.46 NDA means a New Drug Application in any of the countries in the 
Territory similar to the NDA submitted to the FDA to obtain approval for 
the marketing of a Licensed Product in the United States, together with all 
subsequent submissions, supplements and amendments thereto.
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.47 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by Kinex, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less the 
following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;

(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product;

(f) bad debt recognized for accounting purposes as not collectible;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(i) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to a Licensed Product, and, to the extent 
applicable, other products or services of Kinex or its Affiliates or 
sublicensees such that the Licensed Products do not bear a disproportionate 
portion of such deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Sales shall not 
include sales by Kinex to its Affiliates or sublicensees for resale; 
provided that, if Kinex sells Licensed Products to an Affiliate or 
sublicensee for resale, then the Net Sales calculation shall include the 
amounts invoiced by such Affiliate or sublicensee to Third Parties on the 
resale of such Licensed Products. For purposes of this Agreement, sale 
shall not include transfers or other distributions or dispositions of 
Licensed Products, at no charge, for regulatory purposes, clinical trials, 
samples, free products or in connection with patient assistance programs or 
other charitable purposes or to physicians or hospitals for promotional 
purposes. Licensed Products shall be considered sold only when billed or 
invoiced.

1.48 Ongoing Clinical Study means Clinical Studies with enrolled patients 
that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has occurred 
regardless of enrollment of patients.

1.49 Orascovery Program means the Hanmi program dedicated to the 
research, discovery and development of compounds that enhance or increase 
the oral absorption of pharmaceutical preparations in humans or animals.

1.50 Party means Hanmi or Kinex, as the context may require.

1.51 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

1.52 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof that relate to 
any Compound, any Licensed Product or any Improvement, including methods of 
development, manufacture, formulation, preparation, presentation, means of 
delivery or administration, dosage, packaging, sale or use relating to the 
Compound, Licensed Product or Improvement.

1.53 Peak Sales means the highest Net Sales of the applicable Licensed 
Product achieved during any Calendar Year following the First Commercial 
Sale of such Licensed Product within each applicable country within the 
Territory.

1.54 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means the initial introduction of an 
investigational new drug into humans primarily designed to determine the 
metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the drug in humans, the side 
effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early 
evidence on effectiveness, and may also include studies of drug metabolism, 
structure-activity relationships, and mechanism of action in humans, as 
well as studies in which investigational drugs are used as research tools 
to explore biological phenomena or disease processes.

1.55 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means the Clinical Study related to the 
product, in particular, the study that will show the efficacy of the 
product and also provide guidance to the effective dose regimen required. 
In general, this type of study will determine the effective dose regimen 
for the clinical indication. Safety data is also collected in this type of 
study.

1.56 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means the Clinical Study related to 
the product, in particular, the study that is a registration study designed 
to demonstrate statistically (p-value of less than 0.05 or <0.025 for 
split-alpha study design) the efficacy of the drug for specific 
indications. This type of study is usually conducted after agreement with 
the Regulatory Authority that a positive result from such a study conducted 
under good clinical practice will be enough for the Regulatory Authority to 
provide marketing approval of the product.
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.57 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York, USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.58 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the Act 
and as interpreted by the Regulatory Authority in each country in the 
Territory.

1.59 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Hanmi Know-How and Kinex Know-How, as applicable.

1.60 Public Offering means the consummation of an underwritten public 
offering by Kinex for any class of its equity securities.

1.61 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.

1.62 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.

1.63 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
any successor agency having substantially the same functions.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.64 Series A Preferred Units shall mean Series A Preferred Units of 
Kinex as defined in its documents of organization.

1.65 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist in a 
particular country as of any date if, during the two (2) immediately 
preceding Calendar Years, (a) a Generic Product has a market share in the 
applicable country of at least *** percent (***%) of the then combined unit 
volume of the competing Licensed Product and the Generic Product, or (b) 
Net Sales by Kinex in the applicable country decrease by at least *** 
percent (***%) with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over 
such two (2) Calendar Years as compared to the Calendar Year of Peak Sales.

1.66 Territory means the following designated countries and all countries 
within the following designated continents or economic union only: North 
America, South America, European Union, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, 
Eastern Europe, Taiwan and Hong Kong. All other countries are expressly 
excluded including, but not limited to, the Asian countries of Japan, 
Mainland China, Korea, and India.

1.67 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.

1.68 Trademark means all trademark(s) for which either Party has sought 
registration and all related service marks, domain names and other 
trademark related rights relating to the Licensed Products.

1.69 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 2

GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 Grants by Hanmi. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Hanmi hereby grants to Kinex an exclusive right and license throughout the 
Territory as defined (including the right to grant sublicenses to Third 
Parties located within the Territory with prior written notice to Hanmi) to 
practice under the Hanmi Intellectual Property in order to develop, label, 
package, import, export, promote, distribute, make, use, sell, offer for 
sale, register, commercialize and otherwise exploit the Compounds and 
Licensed Products containing the Compounds in the Field and a non-exclusive 
right to manufacture the Compounds and Licensed Products outside the 
Territory but solely for sales within the Territory; provided, however, 
that, notwithstanding the exclusive rights granted to Kinex hereunder, 
Hanmi shall retain the right to use the Hanmi Intellectual Property in the 
Territory solely as necessary to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement. Any Affiliates of Kinex exercising any rights of Kinex under 
this Agreement shall be located within the Territory. With respect to sales 
to Third Party distributors or other parties purchasing Licensed Products 
for resale, Kinex shall use reasonable efforts to restrict such resales to 
within the Territory.

2.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to Kinex under this Agreement are reserved and retained by Hanmi. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any 
license or other right to Kinex, to or in respect of any product, patent, 
trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other data or any other 
intellectual property of the other Party, except as set forth under this 
Agreement. Hanmi retains the right to manufacture Compounds or Licensed 
Products within the Territory for sales outside the Territory. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Hanmi shall not market, distribute, sell and import the 
Licensed Products within the Territory.
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 3

INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;

REGULATORY MATTERS

3.1 Information and Transfer of Hanmi Intellectual Property. As soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the 
Effective Date, Hanmi shall disclose and deliver to Kinex electronic copies 
in the English language (or, upon Kinexs request, copy of the originals) 
of all Data necessary for continued Development and Commercialization in 
the Territory including, but not limited to, English translations of (i) 
the IND submitted in Korea, (ii) the Phase I Clinical Study report and 
Phase II Clinical Study report completed in Korea for HM30181A (a 
P-Glycoprotein inhibitor), and (iii) any other research report In addition 
to the foregoing, Hanmi shall provide Kinex with such assistance as Kinex 
may reasonably request (at Kinexs cost and expenses) in connection with 
the foregoing disclosures, including making available at their place of 
employment (or such other location as the Parties may mutually agree upon) 
the assistance of such persons that were involved with the Orascovery 
Program, Clinical Studies and the Hanmi Intellectual Property. The Party 
requesting copies of Data shall reimburse the other Party for the cost of 
providing copies of such Data.

3.2 Ongoing Disclosure. At least twice in each Calendar Year, Hanmi shall 
disclose and deliver to Kinex electronic copies in the English language 
(or, upon Kinexs request, copies of the originals) all discoveries and 
developments within its Orascovery Program including all new Compounds, new 
Data, and the Hanmi Intellectual Property as necessary for continued 
Development and Commercialization in the Territory.
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
3.3 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. Kinex shall be responsible for and shall itself, or through 
its Affiliates or sublicensees, conduct Development and Commercialization 
in the Territory during the Agreement Term as described by this agreement. 
Within ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, Kinex shall prepare a 
draft Development plan, in English, consistent with regional development 
requirements. A budget, in English, related to the Development and 
Commercialization for countries within the Territory will also be submitted 
to the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee (as defined in 
Section 3.5) which will agree on and oversee the plan for Development and 
Commercialization during the Agreement Term. If

(i) Kinex fails to file an IND for Oraxol with the Regulatory Authority in 
the United States within six (6) months after the latest of (x) Kinexs 
receipt from Hanmi, as provided for in Section 3.1, of all English 
translations necessary for the filing of an IND with the Regulatory 
Authority in the United States, (y) the date Hanmi and Kinex agree that all 
studies necessary for the filing of an IND with the Regulatory Authority in 
the United States have been completed, or (z) the date of the final study 
report for the last of any additional studies that are necessary for the 
filing of an IND with the Regulatory Authority in the United States, or

(ii) Kinex fails to commence Clinical Studies for Oraxol within twelve (12) 
months after the date of approval of an IND by the Regulatory Authority in 
the United States,

with both (i) and (ii) above subject to an extension on the foregoing 
timelines of up to twelve (12) months at the reasonable request of Kinex, 
Hanmi shall have the option, if it elects to do so, to terminate all rights 
and licenses under this Agreement upon the end of the applicable period as 
such period may be extended.
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Summary Reports. Upon Hanmis sixty (60) day prior written request, 
made within thirty (30) days after the end of the first Calendar Year 
following the Effective Date and each year thereafter during the Agreement 
Term, if timely requested, Kinex shall provide Hanmi with a written summary 
of Development and Commercialization undertaken on a country by country 
basis during the then current Calendar Year consistent with written reports 
issued by Kinex in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Clinical Studies. Kinex will, either directly or through its Affiliates 
or sublicensees, conduct and administer all the Clinical Studies in the 
Territory for Licensed Products as identified and agreed upon in the 
Development plan or as approved from time to time by the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee.

(d) Referencing Data. The Data and results of any Clinical Studies or other 
studies conducted by a Party or its ex-Territory partners shall be made 
available to the other Party for referencing at no cost to the requesting 
Party for regulatory filing purposes, and each party hereby grants to the 
other Party a right of reference to use such Data for the Development and 
Commercialization of the Compounds and Licensed Products, provided, 
however, that with respect to the right granted to Kinex, such right shall 
be limited to the Development and Commercialization of the Compounds and 
the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

(e) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. Kinex shall be 
responsible for all costs associated with Development and Commercialization 
in the Territory. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Kinex 
shall reimburse Hanmi for the direct and actual costs incurred by Hanmi in 
carrying out any Development within the Territory that was authorized or 
approved in writing in advance by Kinex, subject to a full accounting of 
such direct costs.
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(f) Records. Under this Agreement, Kinex shall maintain records, in 
sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and 
regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, which 
shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall fully and 
properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including all Know-How 
and including individual case report forms, in the form required by 
applicable Laws. Hanmi shall have the right, upon at least sixty (60) days 
prior written notice to Kinex and no more than once in any Calendar Year, 
to inspect and audit such records. Hanmi shall reimburse Kinex for any 
costs incurred by Kinex with respect to any such inspection and audit by 
Hanmi.

(g) Promotional Materials and Activities. Kinex shall create and develop 
the advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products in the 
Territory with the written approval of Hanmi (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) with respect to all such materials. As holder of the 
Regulatory Approvals in the Territory, Kinex shall be responsible for all 
submissions and interactions with the Regulatory Authorities regarding 
approval of all Licensed Product-related promotional materials that require 
Regulatory Approval.

(h) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. The parties shall cooperate 
with respect to the establishment of all Trademarks and Copyrights for each 
Licensed Product in the Territory. Hanmi retains all rights to establish a 
global brand for each Licensed Product and shall own all Copyrights and 
Trademarks for each Licensed Product in the Territory with respect to such 
global branding strategy. Kinex shall have the right, with good cause and 
after consultation with Hanmi, to establish a brand for a Licensed Product 
in any country in the Territory that is distinct from Hanmis global 
branding, and Kinex shall own all such distinct Copyrights and Trademarks. 
Each Party shall be responsible for searching, clearing and filing 
applications for registration of its own Copyrights, Trademarks and trade 
dress at its own cost and responsibility. Hanmi shall execute all documents 
and take all actions as are requested by Kinex with respect to such filings 
and registrations. Hanmi shall have the right to use the Kinex Trademarks 
and Copyrights with respect to the Compounds and Licensed Products upon 
Kinexs prior written consent.
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(i) Sales of Licensed Products. All sales of Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by Kinex or its Affiliates or 
sublicensees. All terms regarding Licensed Product sales, including terms 
with respect to credit, pricing, cash discounts, rebates, chargebacks, bad 
debt write-offs, and other fees and charges, and returns and allowances 
shall be set solely by Kinex in accordance with reasonable industry 
standards.

(j) Supply of Licensed Product. During the Agreement Term, Hanmi shall use 
its best efforts to assist Kinex to procure, in accordance with regulatory 
requirements and as requested by Kinex, the requirements for Licensed 
Products for Clinical Studies and Regulatory Approval in the Territory. If 
Hanmi is directly manufacturing the Licensed Product for its own purposes, 
it shall supply the Licensed Product to Kinex at a purchase price payable 
by Kinex equal to Hanmis cost for manufacturing the Licensed Products. For 
the avoidance of doubt, Kinex shall be responsible for any customs duties. 
If Kinex elects to directly manufacture its own investigational products 
containing any Compound, Hanmi shall have the right to purchase such 
investigational products from Kinex for Clinical Studies and Regulatory 
Approval outside the Territory at a purchase price payable by Hanmi equal 
to Kinexs cost for manufacturing the investigational products.

3.4 Regulatory Matters.

(a) Responsibility of Kinex.

From and after the Effective Date:

(i) Kinex shall have sole authority and responsibility for the timely 
preparation, filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, 
authorizations or approvals
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
with Regulatory Authorities, and shall own and control all such filings, 
submissions, authorizations and approvals, including any IND, NDA or other 
Drug Approval Application in the Territory in accordance with reasonable 
industry standards. Kinex shall provide copies of all such filings, 
submissions, authorizations and approvals upon reasonable request from 
Hanmi, at Hanmis sole cost and expense.

(ii) Kinex shall be the primary contact with each Regulatory Authority in 
the Territory and shall be solely responsible for all communications with 
each Regulatory Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, or other Drug 
Approval Application in the Territory, provided, however, that upon the 
reasonable request of Kinex, Hanmi shall provide appropriate personnel to 
participate in discussions with a Regulatory Authority regarding the 
regulatory review process and shall assist and consult with Kinex in 
applying for Regulatory Approval at Kinexs cost and expense.

(iii) From and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, Kinex shall have 
exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or amendments 
necessary to maintain Regulatory Approvals and to seek revisions of the 
conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory and shall keep 
Hanmi informed of any such actions. Kinex shall have sole authority and 
responsibility to seek and/or obtain any necessary approvals for any 
Product Label, or prescribing information, package inserts, monographs and 
packaging used in connection with a Licensed Product, in addition to 
promotional materials used in connection with a Licensed Product in the 
Territory. Kinex shall determine whether the foregoing items require 
Regulatory Approval in the Territory.
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Responsibility of Hanmi

(i) Hanmi shall fully cooperate and assist Kinex, upon Kinexs request, 
with respect to Kinexs performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement. Hanmi shall not be required, however to incur any Third Party 
costs to meet its obligation to cooperate and assist Kinex under this 
Section. If Hanmis cooperation and assistance will be limited due to Third 
Party costs, Hanmi shall provide Kinex an estimate, including supporting 
documentation, of such Third Party costs. Unless otherwise agreed herein, 
or with the prior agreement of Kinex otherwise, Kinex shall not be 
responsible for any payment to Hanmi in consideration of any cooperation or 
assistance rendered by Hanmi.

(ii) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible for matters 
concerning adverse drug reactions, safety information and compliance with 
regulatory requirements. Each Party shall, upon the request of the other 
Party, provide any such data in each Partys actual possession to the other 
Party that is required by the United States Regulatory Authority. The 
Parties hereby agree that they will each make their best Commercially 
Reasonable Efforts in coordinating their respective regulatory, Development 
and Commercialization efforts under this Agreement.

3.5 Appointment and Administration of Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee for the Territory

(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and in no 
event later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties 
will establish a four (4) person steering committee to oversee and review 
the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the 
Territory, which will include two (2) representatives of each of Kinex and 
Hanmi (the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee) and will 
be chaired by one of the representatives of Kinex. All actions, decisions 
and approvals of the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee 
shall be determined upon an affirmative majority vote of its members.
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
One (1) member appointed by each Party will be a senior officer of such 
Party who is either (i) responsible for product development or (ii) has 
substantial experience in product development for similar products who is 
acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its sole discretion, may at 
any time during the Agreement Term replace either of its appointed members 
with prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause its respective representatives to 
attend all meetings of the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee. Each Party will bear its respective travel and out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by its members or representatives in connection with the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committees meetings.

(b) The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee will meet at 
least once every Calendar Quarter or more or less frequently as the Parties 
mutually deem appropriate, at a time and place agreed by the Parties. The 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee may also convene, vote 
or hold discussions from time to time through other methods of 
communication, as deemed necessary or appropriate by the Parties, including 
without limitation, telephone, video conference or email.

(c) In the event there is a disagreement among the members of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee, the members of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall promptly present 
such issue in dispute to the relevant executive at Kinex and Hanmi who has 
the principal responsibility for the work under this Agreement. Once 
informed, the executives shall meet to discuss each partys view and to 
clarify the basis for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to 
resolve such dispute within thirty (30) days of such meeting, (i) such 
dispute shall be submitted to a panel of three independent experts agreed 
upon by Hanmi and Kinex if it is a clinical dispute, (ii) such dispute (if 
other than clinical) shall be submitted to arbitration if it is within the 
framework of this Agreement, or (iii) Kinexs decision shall be final and 
binding if such dispute is not clinical or
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
within the framework of this Agreement and is applicable to issues only 
within the Territory. The arbitration shall he conducted in Singapore in 
accordance with the Singapore International Arbitration Centre Rules. If a 
disagreement or dispute under this Section results in a delay in Kinexs 
ability to meet any timeline provided for in this Agreement, such timeline 
shall be extended for a period of time equal to the length of such delay.

(d) The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall be 
responsible for (i) approval and amendment, from time to time, of the plan 
for Development and Commercialization, (ii) the protocols for Clinical 
Trials of any Licensed Product, (iii) approval of all contracts relating to 
the Development of any Licensed Product, (iv) the formulation used in 
respect of any Licensed Product, and (v) contracts relating to the 
Commercialization of any Licensed Product.


ARTICLE 4

PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

4.1 Upfront Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, Kinex shall pay to Hanmi 
US$250,000. Kinex shall remit all US withholding taxes required to be paid 
on behalf of Hanmi with respect to such payment and remit the net amount to 
Hanmi. Hanmi will provide Kinex with US IRS Form W8BEN (with US Employer 
Identification Number) to reduce withholding to 15% under the US Korean 
Treaty (and avoid general US withholding rate of 30%).

4.2 Equity Payment.

In further consideration of the rights granted by Hanmi hereunder, Kinex 
shall pay Hanmi an equity payment upon occurrence of a Liquidity Event at 
Kinex and Regulatory Approval in the United States (as provided below) if 
such Liquidity Event occurs during the Agreement Term (Equity Payment). 
Notwithstanding the above sentence, (i) Hanmi can still receive an Equity 
Payment without Regulatory Approval as set forth in paragraph (c), (ii) any 
Equity Payment to
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
be paid by Kinex upon a Liquidity Event or Regulatory Approval is intended 
by the parties to be a one-time payment and not apply to any subsequent 
Liquidity Event or Regulatory Approval, and (iii) for all purposes in this 
Section 4.2, Regulatory Approval shall refer only to the first Licensed 
Product and only to the first Regulatory Approval in either the United 
States from the US Federal Drug Administration or the European Union from 
the European Medicines Agency. The Equity Payment shall be made immediately 
prior to or on the date of the first Liquidity Event by the issuance by 
Kinex of its Series A Convertible Preferred Units or, if no shares of 
Series A Convertible Preferred Units are then currently outstanding, any 
cash, publicly tradable securities or class of securities to which the 
Series A Convertible Preferred Units have been exchanged or converted 
(Kinex Unit(s)). As long as Kinex treats Hanmi on the same terms as the 
holders of Kinex Common Units and all other holders of Series A Convertible 
Preferred Units regarding the registration rights of their units, and the 
Kinex Common Unit and Series A Convertible Preferred Units are not 
registered as of the Liquidity Event, Kinex can issue unregistered Kinex 
Units to Hanmi with the understanding that Kinex will treat Hanmi on the 
same terms as all Common Unit holders and all other Series A Convertible 
Preferred Unitholders regarding registration rights.

The valuation of Kinex Units to be received by Hanmi shall be determined 
according to the regulatory bonus and exit bonus schedules set forth in 
paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) below. The actual number of Kinex Units to be 
issued or paid to Hanmi upon a Liquidity Event shall be calculated by 
dividing the valuation of the Kinex Units to be received by Hanmi as set 
forth in paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) by the last price paid for the Kinex 
Units immediately prior to the Liquidity Event that results in the issuance 
of the Kinex Units to Hanmi. With respect any cash received by Kinex equity 
owners in the Liquidity Event in partial or full consideration for their 
ownership of a Kinex Unit, Kinex shall pay Hanmi cash to the extent that 
each Kinex Unit to be issued to Hanmi would have received cash in the 
Liquidity Event. The actual number of Kinex Units to be issued or paid to 
Hanmi upon a Regulatory Approval following a Liquidity Event
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
shall be calculated (i) based on the last price paid for Kinex Units in the 
last to occur of (1) a public offering by Kinex (excluding the initial 
public offering) or any successor entity or (2) a private investment in 
public entity (PIPE) by Kinex or any successor entity, either of which 
occurs prior to the Regulatory Approval but after the Liquidity Event, or 
(ii) if no such follow on public offering or PIPE has occurred prior to the 
Regulatory Approval but after the Liquidity Event, the average mean price 
between the highest and lowest quoted selling prices for any publicly 
traded securities for the sixty (60) business days immediately preceding 
the date of the Regulatory Approval.

(a) If Regulatory Approval occurs prior to a Liquidity Event, Kinex shall 
not make any Equity Payment until the occurrence of a Liquidity Event. If 
no Liquidity Event has occurred after the Regulatory Approval and prior to 
the date on which Kinex and its Affiliates have accumulated Net Sales of 
Licensed Product in excess of US$***, the parties shall meet and negotiate 
in good faith for a cash payment to Hanmi in lieu of the Equity Payment. In 
any such negotiations, the parties agree that the maximum cash payment to 
Hanmi shall not exceed the amount of the Equity Payment. After any such 
cash payment to Hanmi, Kinex shall have no further obligations to Hanmi 
under this Section 4.2 upon the occurrence of a subsequent Liquidity Event.

(b) When a Liquidity Event occurs after Regulatory Approval, Hanmi shall 
receive the Equity Payment both in a regulatory bonus and exit bonus. 
The regulatory bonus shall be equal to US$24,000,000. In addition, Hanmi 
will receive the exit bonus to be calculated as follows:
 
  	 	  	US$*** if the total pre-money valuation of Kinex immediately prior 
to the Liquidity Event is US$*** or less, or
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
  	 	  	US$*** if the total pre-money valuation of Kinex immediately prior 
to the Liquidity Event is more than US$*** but $*** or less, or
 
  	 	  	US$*** if the total pre-money valuation of Kinex immediately prior 
to the Liquidity Event is more than US$*** but $*** or less, or
 
  	 	  	US$*** if the total pre-money valuation of Kinex immediately prior 
to the Liquidity Event was more than US$*** but $*** or less, or
 
  	 	  	US$*** if the total pre-money valuation of Kinex immediately prior 
to the Liquidity Event is more than US $***.

(c) If the Liquidity Event occurs prior to the Regulatory Approval, Hanmi 
shall receive only an exit bonus equal to US$5,000,000 immediately prior 
to or on the date of the Liquidity Event. If no Regulatory Approval occurs 
subsequent to a Liquidity Event, Kinex will have no further Equity Payment 
obligation to Hanmi. If the Regulatory Approval occurs after the Liquidity 
Event, Hanmi shall receive a regulatory bonus equal to US$24,000,000.

(d) If, prior to both the Liquidity Event and the Regulatory Approval, 
Kinex sublicenses (i) all of its Commercialization rights in the Territory, 
or (ii) sublicenses all of its Development and Commercialization rights in 
North America or the European Union, Kinex shall immediately pay Hanmi on a 
one time basis only from the first such sublicense (i) a minimum of US$*** 
in cash or (ii) a maximum equal to the lesser of US$*** in cash or an 
amount equal to the following percentage, applicable to the development 
phase of the first Licensed Product as of the date of the sublicense, 
multiplied by any upfront cash payment received by Kinex from the 
sublicensee:

Prior to initiation of Phase I Clinical Studies in US                      
***%

Prior to initiation of Phase II Clinical Studies in US                      
***%

Prior to initiation of Phase III Clinical Studies in US                     
 ***%

Prior to New Drug Approval submission to FDA in US                      
***%
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
No payment under this subsection (d) shall be required after the occurrence 
of either the Liquidity Event or the Regulatory Approval.

Under this paragraph (d), the payment to Hanmi shall not be less than 
US$*** regardless of the amount of the upfront cash payment Kinex receives 
from its sublicensee. The payment to Hanmi shall not be more than US$*** 
regardless of the amount of the upfront cash payment Kinex receives from 
its sublicensee. Any payment Hanmi shall receive under this paragraph (d) 
shall be credited toward to the exit bonus on the date of the Liquidity 
Event.

(e) If, other than in a transaction that qualifies as a Liquidity Event, 
Kinex decides to sell all of its Development and Commercial rights in the 
Licensed Products prior to both the Regulatory Approval and the Liquidity 
Event, Kinex shall immediately contact Hanmi and negotiate Hanmi for fair 
compensation. Hanmi shall negotiate, in good faith, for such fair 
compensation giving consideration to the total value of such sale 
transaction to Kinex.

(f) If, prior to the Liquidity Event but after the Regulatory Approval, 
Kinex sublicenses (i) all of its Commercialization rights in the Territory, 
or (ii) sublicenses all of its Development and Commercialization rights in 
North America or the European Union, Kinex shall immediately pay Hanmi on a 
one time basis only from the first such sublicense the greater of (i) 
US$*** or (ii) the lesser of US$24,000,000 or ***% of any upfront payments 
received by Kinex from the sublicensee. Any such payment would reduce, on a 
dollar for dollar basis, the regulatory bonus payable to Hanmi upon 
Regulatory Approval.
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(g) Kinexs obligation to pay the Equity Payment and issue the Kinex Units 
shall be contingent upon Hanmi (1) executing such agreements, documents, 
forms, representations and restrictive covenants as may be required by (i) 
the Kinex organizational documents, (ii) the SEC or comparable national 
securities agency, (iii) the applicable taxing authorities, or (iv) any 
underwriter utilized by Kinex with respect to the Liquidity Event if such 
underwriter required such agreements or restrictive covenants from all 
founders and major equity owners of Kinex, and (2) Hanmi providing Kinex 
with the cash necessary to make all US withholding payments required with 
respect to the Equity Payment to the extent the Equity Payment consists of 
securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hanmi shall not be required to 
consent to any lock-up required by an underwriter or purchaser of the Kinex 
Units for more than 12 months from the date of issuance of the Kinex Units 
to Hanmi.

Hanmi shall have 12 months from the date of the Liquidity Event or 
Regulatory Event, as applicable, to complete all of the requirements set 
forth above in paragraph (f), including payment of all US withholding tax. 
If Hanmi fails to complete such requirements within 12 months from the date 
of the applicable Liquidity Event or Regulatory Approval, Kinexs 
obligation to make the applicable Equity Payment shall expire and Kinex 
shall have no further obligation to make such Equity Payment to Hanmi. If a 
Liquidity Event occurs prior to Regulatory Approval, the expiration of 
Kinexs obligation to make an Equity Payment after the Liquidity Event as 
provided in the preceding sentence shall not affect its obligation to make 
an Equity Payment upon the subsequent Regulatory Approval at which time 
Hanmi shall again have 12 months after the date of the Regulatory Approval 
to complete all of the requirements of this paragraph (g) before Kinexs 
obligation to make the Equity Payment shall expire. The Kinex Units shall 
be issued to Hanmi within 45 days of the completion by Hanmi of the 
requirements of this paragraph (g).
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(h) Hanmi and Kinex agree to comply with all US securities laws in 
connection with the issuance of the Equity Payment. Hanmi understands that 
any securities included in the Equity Payment may be restricted securities 
under US securities laws and regulations unless registered under US 
securities law, and it may be required to retain ownership of such 
securities until such securities have been registered with the SEC or an 
exemption from such registration is available. Hanmi is familiar with 
Regulation S and Rule 144 promulgated under the US Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, and conditions on resale imposed thereby. Hanmi agrees to 
comply with all US securities laws in connection with the resale of any 
securities received as part of the Equity Payment, and Kinex will cooperate 
and assist Hanmi in connection with any such resale.

4.3 Royalties.

(a) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall, 
pursuant to Section 4.4(a), pay to Hanmi a royalty on annual (Calendar 
Year) aggregate Net Sales of Licensed Product by Kinex and its Affiliates 
based upon the following tiered royalty rates (annual Net Sales is the 
aggregated total of all sales in the Territory) (Kinex Royalties):
 
  	(i) 	For the amount of such annual Net Sales < US $***M                  
    ***%
 
  	(ii) 	For the amount of such annual Net Sales > US $***M                 
     ***%

For example, if the annual Net Sales for a given year is US $70M, then 
Kinex shall pay a royalty of ***% on the first US $***M and ***% on the 
remaining US $***M.

(b) The tiered royalty rates set forth in 4.3(a) shall be (i) reduced by 
*** percent (***%) for a Licensed Product in each country in which Generic 
Competition exists and (ii) terminated for a Licensed Product in each 
country in which Substantial Generic Competition exists; provided, however
, that if Substantial Level Generic Competition exists in a country for all 
Licensed Products, then the Royalty Term and Agreement Term shall terminate 
with respect to such country, and no further royalties shall be payable by 
Kinex to Hanmi in the subject country.
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) If Kinex proposes to consummate a Liquidity Event, Kinex may request, 
and Hanmi agrees to consider, in good faith, a reduction of the Kinex 
Royalties to facilitate such transaction, including an increase in the 
Kinex valuation. It is the intent of the Parties that any reduction in the 
Kinex Royalties payable to Hanmi would be offset, in whole or in part, in 
the proposed transaction by an increased valuation of the Kinex Units owned 
by Hanmi.

(d) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall, 
pursuant to Section 4.3(a), pay to Hanmi a royalty on annual (Calendar 
Year) aggregate Net Sales of all Licensed Products by all sublicensees 
equal to the lesser of (i) Fifty Percent (50%) of all royalties payable by 
the sublicensees to Kinex based on Net Sales of the sublicensee as provided 
for in the applicable sublicense agreement or (ii) the amount payable if 
such royalty is calculated under Section 4.3(a) based on the Net Sales of 
the sublicensee (Sublicensee Royalties).

4.4 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within sixty (60) days following the end of each 
Calendar Quarter during the Royalty Term, Kinex shall submit to Hanmi an 
accounting report for such applicable Calendar Quarter for each relevant 
country within the Territory, which sets forth the gross sales, Net Sales 
and the Kinex Royalties and Sublicensee Royalties payable by Kinex to Hanmi 
for such Calendar Quarter, with a breakdown of all deductions taken in any 
such calculations, in accordance with the definition of Net Sales. Any 
conversion to Dollars shall be calculated in accordance with Section 
4.5(c). In the event of any royalty reduction during any Calendar Quarter 
due to Generic Competition in any country in the Territory, the report for 
such Calendar Quarter shall also provide the basis for the determination of 
such Generic Competition. Royalties shown to have accrued by each report 
shall be due and payable on the date such report is due.
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Reports. Kinex shall also furnish Hanmi a written report for each 
Licensed Product in each relevant country within the Territory during the 
first four (4) Calendar Quarters commencing after the termination of the 
royalty obligations for such Licensed Product in that country stating the 
basis for Net Sales then being free of royalty obligations hereunder. Kinex 
shall thereafter have no further obligation to include in any written 
reports the Net Sales of such Licensed Product in such country for purposes 
of the royalty calculation for any Calendar Quarter. This obligation shall 
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement in any such 
country.

(c) Records. Each Party shall keep and require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to keep complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to 
permit accurate determination of all amounts necessary for calculation and 
verification of all payment obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a 
period of thirty six (36) months from the end of the relevant Calendar 
Quarter.

4.5 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account 
designated by Hanmi.

(b) Withholding Taxes. Kinex may deduct the amount of any taxes imposed on 
Hanmi which are required to be withheld or collected by Kinex, its 
Affiliates or sublicensees under the laws, rules or regulations of any 
country on amounts owing from Kinex to Hanmi hereunder. Any such taxes 
required to be withheld or collected shall be an expense of Hanmi. To the 
extent Kinex, its Affiliates or sublicensees pay such withholding taxes to 
the appropriate governmental authority on behalf of Hanmi; Kinex shall 
promptly deliver to Hanmi proof of payment of such taxes.
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing royalties on Net Sales in 
any country outside the United States, the Net Sales shall be converted to 
Dollars using the year-to-date average rate of exchange for Dollars used by 
Kinex for its internal financial accounting purposes; provided, however, 
that if for any reason conversion into Dollars cannot be made in a country 
in the Territory, then notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.5(a), 
payment may be made in the currency of such country by deposit in the name 
of Hanmi in a bank account designated by it in such country.

(d) Financial Accounting Standards. Except as otherwise defined herein, all 
financial calculations by either Party under this Agreement shall be 
calculated in accordance with IFRS. In addition, all calculations shall 
give pro rata effect to and shall proportionally adjust (by giving effect 
to the number of applicable days in such Calendar Quarter) (i) for any 
Calendar Quarter that is shorter than a standard Calendar Quarter or any 
Calendar Year that is shorter than four (4) consecutive full Calendar 
Quarters, or (ii) as a result of a determination, in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, that the first or last day of such Calendar 
Quarter (including as a result of termination of this Agreement) shall be 
deemed other than the actual first or last day of such Calendar Quarter, or 
that the first or last day of such Calendar Year shall be deemed other than 
the actual first or last day of such Calendar Year.

4.6 Audits. Upon the written request of Hanmi, Kinex shall permit an 
independent certified public accounting firm of recognized standing, 
selected by Hanmi and acceptable by Kinex (provided that such accounting 
firm shall not be retained or compensated on a contingency basis and shall 
have entered into a confidentiality agreement with Hanmi in the form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Kinex), to have access not more than 
once in any Calendar Year, during normal business hours, to such of the 
records of Kinex as may be reasonably necessary to
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
verify the accuracy of the reports under Section 4.4 hereof for any year 
ending not more than twenty four (24) months prior to the date of such 
request. The accounting firm shall disclose to Hanmi whether the reports 
are correct or incorrect, the specific details concerning any discrepancies 
(including the accuracy of the calculation of Net Sales and the resulting 
effect of such calculations on the amounts payable by Kinex under this 
Agreement) and such other information that should properly be contained in 
a report required under this Agreement (the Audit Report).

(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed 
during such year, and Kinex agrees with such conclusion, then Kinex shall 
pay the additional payments, together with interest at the Prime Rate on 
the amount of such additional payments, within thirty (30) days of the date 
Hanmi delivers the Audit Report to Kinex. In the event that Kinex disagrees 
with the accounting firms conclusion, Kinex shall not have the obligation 
to make any additional payments to Hanmi until there is a mutual agreement 
of the Parties regarding the amount owed by Kinex. For the avoidance of 
doubt, Kinex is not obligated to pay any interest for the period during 
which the Parties were in dispute of the account firms conclusion and 
amount owed thereunder. In the event such accounting firm concludes that 
amounts were overpaid by Kinex during such period, Hanmi shall repay Kinex 
the amount of such overpayment, together with interest at the Prime Rate on 
the amount of such overpayment, within thirty (30) days of the date the 
auditing Party delivers to the audited Party such accounting firms Audit 
Report. The fees charged by such accounting firm shall be paid by Hanmi, 
provided, however, that if an error in favor of the Hanmi of more than five 
percent (5%) of the payments due hereunder for the period being reviewed is 
discovered, then the fees and expenses of the accounting firm shall be paid 
by Kinex.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty four (24) months following the end of any 
year for which Kinex or Hanmi has made payment in full of amounts payable 
with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence or willful 
misconduct of Kinex or Hanmi or a contrary finding by an accounting firm 
pursuant to Section 4.6(a), such calculation shall be binding and 
conclusive upon Kinex or Hanmi, and Kinex or Hanmi, as applicable, shall be 
released from any liability or accountability with respect to royalties or 
other payments for such year.
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation or limited liability company duly 
organized, validly existing and is in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, is qualified to do business 
and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in 
which the conduct of its business or the ownership of its properties 
requires such qualification and failure to have such would prevent it from 
performing its obligations under this Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in 
effect having applicability to it or any provision of its charter or 
bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or constitute a default under any other 
agreement to which such Party is a party;

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, licenses, permits, consents 
and approvals, governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys 
obligations under this Agreement;

(f) Neither Party, nor any of its Affiliates, are a party to, or are 
otherwise bound by, any oral or written agreement that will result in any 
person or entity obtaining any interest in, or that would give to any Third 
Party any right to assert any claim in or with respect to, any of such 
Partys or the other Partys rights under this Agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.

5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Hanmi. Hanmi represents 
and warrants to Kinex that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) to Hanmis best 
knowledge, there is no Third Party infringement of any of the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property; (ii) the Hanmi Intellectual Property is in full 
force and effect where filed; (iii) the Hanmi Patent Rights where filed are 
not subject to any pending or threatened re-examination, re-issue, 
opposition, interference, challenge, litigation proceeding or other claim; 
and (iv) in those countries in the Territory where Hanmi has not filed or 
prosecuted any patent applications with respect to the Hanmi Intellectual 
Property, Hanmi shall cause and ensure that Kinex is granted Data 
exclusivity under this Agreement in all such countries and shall perform 
all necessary requirements in connection therewith.
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Hanmi has not committed any act, or omitted to commit any act, that may 
cause the Hanmi Patent Rights where filed to expire prematurely or be 
declared invalid or unenforceable, or that stops Hanmi from enforcing the 
Hanmi Patent Rights where filed against any Third Party;

(c) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Hanmi has the sole right 
to use, disclose and enable Kinex to use and disclose (in each case under 
appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Hanmi Know-How; and (ii) the 
Hanmi Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, lien, 
license or claim of ownership by any Third Party;

(d) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Hanmi assign, transfer, 
encumber, dispose of, or grant rights in, or with respect to, the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property in a manner that is inconsistent with the rights 
granted to Kinex under this Agreement;

(e) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Hanmi, without Kinexs prior 
written consent, enter into any other agreements regarding the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property, any Compound or any Licensed Product for the Field 
within the Territory;

(f) The Data and information provided to Kinex or its Affiliates prior to 
the Effective Date relating to preclinical and clinical studies related to 
the Compound HM30181A has been accurate in all respects and Hanmi has made 
no misrepresentation or omission in connection with such Data and 
information. Hanmi has also provided Kinex or its Affiliates with access to 
complete summaries of all adverse events known to Hanmi relating to any 
Compound
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(g) The Hanmi Intellectual Property listed in Schedule 1.2 is the complete 
and exhaustive list of all current intellectual property and proprietary 
rights of Hanmi necessary for the Development and Commercialization of the 
Licensed Products.

5.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of Kinex. Kinex represents 
and warrants to Hanmi that

(a) Kinex shall use good faith efforts to assist Hanmi to comply with US 
securities laws and regulations relating to the issuance and resale of the 
Equity Payment to be received under Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

(b) The sale of any substantial portion of its assets, including the 
compound KX-01, requires the prior approval of the Kinex Board of Directors 
under the governing documents for Kinex in effect on the Effective Date.

(c) Kinex shall consider in good faith whatever structural changes are 
required to facilitate any proposal for a Liquidity Event, including a 
conversion of Kinex from a limited liability company to a corporation.


ARTICLE 6

PATENT MATTERS

6.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, as between the Parties:

(i) Hanmi shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) (i) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights
 
37
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
for the specified Territory granted to Kinex under this Agreement both 
within and outside the Territory and (ii) which is discovered, made, first 
conceived, reduced to practice or generated under this Agreement both 
within and outside the Territory as a result of Development or otherwise 
during the Agreement Term solely by Hanmi employees, agents, or other 
persons acting under or pursuant to its authority.

(ii) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as 
a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term, solely by 
Kinexs employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority.

(iii) Hanmi and Kinex shall jointly own all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as 
a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term jointly by 
Hanmi and Kinex employees, agents, or other persons acting under or 
pursuant to their authority (Jointly Owned Intellectual Property). With 
respect to Jointly Owned Intellectual Property, both Parties shall have the 
right to use such Intellectual Property within the Territory subject to the 
terms of this Agreement. Hanmi shall have the sole right to use the Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property in all countries outside the Territory without 
accounting or payment to Kinex. For the avoidance of doubt, the right, 
title and interest of a Party in, or control of, the Jointly Owned 
Intellectual Property shall survive the termination and expiration of this 
Agreement.

(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Hanmi and Kinex shall require all of its 
and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and corresponding 
patent applications that
 
38
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
are discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice or generated by 
such employees during the Agreement Term to Hanmi and/or Kinex according to 
the ownership principles described in Section 6.1(a) and subject to the 
laws of the country of employment. Each Party shall use Commercially 
Reasonable Efforts to require any Third Parties working on the Phase I 
Clinical Study or any Development under the Agreement or who receive 
materials relating to a Licensed Product or Know-How from a Party, to 
assign or grant a sublicenseable exclusive license on a fully paid-up, 
royalty-free basis to all inventions and corresponding Patent Rights that 
are developed, made or conceived by such Third Parties during the Agreement 
Term to Hanmi and/or Kinex according to the ownership principles described 
in Section 6.1(a).

6.2 Maintenance and Prosecution.

(a) Hanmi Patent Rights. Hanmi shall have the first right to file, 
prosecute and maintain the Hanmi Patent Rights in Hanmis name, by 
retaining patent counsel selected by Hanmi and shall be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and fees relating to patent prosecution and 
maintenance. Hanmi agrees to keep Kinex informed of the course of patent 
prosecution, application or other proceedings and to furnish Kinex, per its 
request, with copies of office actions received by Hanmi from any 
Regulatory Authority within the Territory concerning Hanmi Patent Rights. 
Hanmi shall also have the first right to file, prosecute and maintain all 
Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in all countries outside the Territory. 
Kinex may request that Hanmi make additional patent application filings 
within the Territory for the Hanmi Intellectual Property. If Hanmi elects 
not to make such filings within a period of thirty (30) days from the date 
of such request, Kinex shall have the right to make the filing and 
prosecute the application in the name of and as agent for Hanmi. In such 
event, Kinex shall be responsible for the payment of all costs and fees 
relating to patent filing, prosecution and maintenance.

(b) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the sole right to file, prosecute 
and maintain the Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs name, by retaining patent 
counsel selected by Kinex
 
39
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
and shall be responsible for the payment of all costs and fees relating to 
patent prosecution and maintenance. Kinex agrees to keep Hanmi informed of 
the course of patent prosecution, application or other proceedings and to 
furnish Hanmi, per its request, with copies of office actions received by 
Kinex from any Regulatory Authority outside the Territory concerning Kinex 
Patent Rights. Kinex shall also have the first right to file, prosecute and 
maintain all Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in all countries in the 
Territory. Kinex hereby grants a right of first refusal to Hanmi for any 
Kinex Patent Rights for which Kinex intends to grant any right or license 
outside the Territory. Kinex shall provide Hanmi with written notice of the 
terms on which Kinex proposes to license such Kinex Patent Rights outside 
the Territory, and Hanmi shall have ninety (90) days from the date of 
receipt of such written notice to send a written reply to Kinex indicating 
its desire to license such Kinex Patent Rights on the terms contained in 
Kinexs written notice. If Hanmi does not respond within the ninety (90) 
days, Kinex shall be free to license such Kinex Patent Rights to third 
parties outside the Territory on the terms and conditions contained in the 
written notice sent to Hanmi.

(c) The responsible Party under this Section 6.2 shall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within the 
Territory and important prosecution matters related thereto in reasonably 
sufficient time prior to the filing thereof, and the responsible Party 
shall take into account the other Partys reasonable comments related 
thereto. Each Party shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by the other Party with respect to any filings and 
registrations.

6.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory of any patent 
included in the Hanmi Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Products or 
Jointly Owned Intellectual Property (collectively, the Parties Patent 
Rights), which comes to such Partys attention. In addition,
 
40
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Kinex shall give Hanmi notice of any actual or suspected infringement which 
comes to its attention by a Third Party outside the Territory of any patent 
included in the Hanmi Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Products or 
the Jointly Owned Intellectual Property. The Parties shall thereafter 
consult and cooperate to determine a course of action, including the 
commencement of legal action.

(b) Hanmi shall have the first right to initiate and prosecute such legal 
action in the Territory at its own expense and in the name of Hanmi and/or 
Kinex, or to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the 
Territory relating to the Parties Patent Rights, and Hanmi shall provide 
Kinex with reasonable notice of any such action it commences and keep Kinex 
reasonably informed of any significant developments in such action. Kinex 
shall render, at its expense, all assistance reasonably requested in 
connection with any action taken by Hanmi or to prevent such infringement 
(including reasonable attorneys fees). However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall be under the control of Hanmi; provided that 
Hanmi shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that 
adversely affects Kinexs rights under this Agreement or which results in 
any monetary payment by or financial loss to Kinex, without Kinexs prior 
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) If Hanmi elects not to initiate and prosecute an infringement or defend 
a declaratory judgment action in any country in the Territory as provided 
in Section 6.3(b) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such 
potential infringement, then Kinex may elect, which election shall be 
subject to the prior written consent of Hanmi to take such action that is 
reasonably necessary and appropriate to terminate or prevent such 
infringement, including instituting an infringement proceeding, provided, 
however, that Kinex shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of 
any claim relating to the Parties Patent Rights licensed hereunder or 
which results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to 
Hanmi, without Hanmis prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.
 
41
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) Hanmi shall have the sole right to initiate and prosecute any legal 
action outside the Territory with respect to the Hanmi Patent Rights 
relating to the Licensed Products, or the Jointly Owned Intellectual 
Property at its own expense and in the name of Hanmi and/or Kinex, or to 
control the defense of any declaratory judgment action outside the 
Territory relating to such Patent Rights. However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Hanmi.

(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.3, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action 
voluntarily and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to 
prosecute, defend and maintain such action. in connection with any such 
action, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide each other with 
any information or assistance that either reasonably may request. Any 
recovery or award obtained by either Party as a result of any such action 
or settlement shall be shared as follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;

(ii) the other Party then shall, to the extent possible, recover its 
reasonably documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action; and

(iii) regardless of the Party initiating the action, each Party shall be 
entitle to fifty percent (50%) of the remaining recovery amount 
attributable to the Territory.
 
42
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
6.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the practice 
by either Party of Know-How or Patent Rights or manufacture, import, use or 
sale of any Licensed Product hereunder infringes the intellectual property 
rights of any Third Party in the Territory, such Party shall promptly 
notify the other Party. The Parties shall thereafter discuss the situation, 
and to the extent reasonably necessary, attempt to agree on a course of 
action.

(b) If within ten (10) Business Days the Parties fail to agree upon an 
appropriate course of action in the Territory, Kinex shall have the first 
right, but not the obligation, to defend any action in the Territory 
related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party or to 
initiate and prosecute legal action in the Territory related to the 
intellectual property rights of any Third Party in the name of Kinex and/or 
Hanmi. Kinex shall keep Hanmi reasonably informed as to the progress of any 
such action. Hanmi shall render, all assistance reasonably requested in 
connection with any action taken by Kinex. However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Kinex; provided 
that Kinex shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that 
materially adversely affects Hanmis rights under this Agreement or which 
results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to Hanmi, 
without Hanmis written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. Hanmi shall pay for all costs and expenses incurred by Kinex in 
such defense. In addition, Hanmi shall pay all damages awarded or 
settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar payments) to 
such Third Party.

(c) If Kinex elects not to defend an infringement action in any country in 
the Territory as provided in Section 6.4(b), and Hanmi elects to do so, the 
cost of any agreed-upon course of action, including the costs of any legal 
action commenced or any infringement action defended, shall be borne solely 
by Hanmi, provided, however, that Hanmi shall not enter into
 
43
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
any settlement or compromise of any claim which results in any financial 
loss to Kinex without the prior written consent of Kinex, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, and Hanmi shall pay all damages awarded 
or settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar payments) 
to such Third Party. For any such legal action or defense, in the event 
that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such action 
solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action voluntarily 
and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to prosecute, defend 
and maintain such action. In connection with any such action, the Parties 
will cooperate fully and will provide each other with any information or 
assistance that either reasonably may request and all costs incurred in 
relation to such action shall be borne solely by Hanmi.

(d) Hanmi shall have the sole right, but not the obligation to defend any 
action related to the intellectual property rights outside the Territory of 
any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action outside the 
Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party in 
the name of Kinex and/or Hanmi. Kinex shall render, at Hanmis expense, all 
assistance reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by 
Hanmi. However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate 
any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under 
the control of Hanmi.

6.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in any country in the Territory where 
applicable and where desired by Kinex. Elections with respect to obtaining 
such extension or supplemental protection certificates shall be made in the 
same manner and with the same relative priorities between the Parties as is 
applicable to the prosecution and maintenance of Patent Rights pursuant to 
Section 6.2.

6.6 Patent Marking. Kinex shall mark, and shall require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products sold or distributed pursuant to 
this Agreement in accordance with the applicable patent statutes or 
regulations in the country or countries of manufacture and/or sale thereof.
 
44
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 7

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

7.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party or used for any 
purpose except as expressly permitted herein without the prior written 
consent of the Party that disclosed the Proprietary Information to the 
other Party during the term of this Agreement and for a period of ten (10) 
years thereafter. The foregoing nondisclosure and non-use obligations shall 
not apply to the extent that such Proprietary Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by records.
 
45
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
7.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 7.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies in order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market a Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by Kinex to its agents, consultants, sublicensees or Affiliates in 
connection with the Development or Commercialization, or to otherwise 
enable Kinex to fulfill its obligations and responsibilities under this 
Agreement, on the condition that such entities agree to be bound by 
confidentiality obligations consistent with this Agreement; or

(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order; provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.

(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the nature and text of such release, announcement, or other 
disclosure, and shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party 
agrees to provide to the other Party a copy of any such press release or 
other public announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall 
have the right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty eight (48) 
hours) review and recommend changes to any such press release or other 
public announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of 
review and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has
 
46
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
previously been disclosed unless there have been material developments 
relating to any Licensed Product since the date of the previous disclosure; 
provided, further, that each Party shall provide to the other Party 
reasonable advance notice of any such subsequent disclosure. Without 
limiting the generality of any of the foregoing, it is understood that the 
Parties or their Affiliates may make disclosure of this Agreement and the 
terms hereof in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, other 
governmental authority, or securities exchange, may file this Agreement as 
an exhibit to any filing with the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and may distribute any such filing in the ordinary 
course of its business; provided, further, that to the maximum extent 
allowable by the rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental 
authority, or securities exchange, and except as required by applicable 
Laws, Hanmi and Kinex shall seek to redact any confidential information set 
forth in such filings, and each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted 
version of this Agreement to the other Party no less than five (5) Business 
Days prior to filing with the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and give reasonable consideration to the other Partys 
comments regarding any proposed redaction.

7.3 Publications. Kinex shall not submit for written or oral publication 
any manuscript, abstract or the like relating to any Compound or any 
Licensed Product, without the prior approval or written request of Hanmi. 
If Kinex desires to submit such publication, it shall first deliver to 
Hanmi, for Hanmis prior written consent, the proposed publication or an 
outline of the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days prior to planned 
submission or presentation.

7.4 Publicity. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange or the SEC or any stockholders letter to private 
investors.
 
47
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 8

TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date. Thereafter, unless terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 8.2 below, this Agreement shall extend for a period which may 
expire on a country by country basis upon the earliest to occur of either 
(i) the expiration of the last of the Hanmi Patent Rights or (ii) 
invalidation of substantially all of the Hanmi Patent Rights (the 
Agreement Term). Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence of 
(i) or (ii) above, the Agreement Term shall automatically be extended for 
consecutive one (1) year periods subject to the same terms and conditions 
set forth herein (unless agreed otherwise) unless either Party gives 
written notice of its intention not to extend the Agreement term: (i) at 
least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date of the Hanmi Patent 
Rights; or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the case of an 
invalidation claim; and (iii) at least ninety (90) days prior to the then 
current expiration date of the Agreement thereafter.

8.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) Termination by Agreement.

This Agreement may be terminated in whole or in part upon mutual written 
agreement of the Parties.

(b) Termination by Kinex.

Kinex may terminate in whole or in part this Agreement in its sole 
discretion upon not less than six (6) months prior written notice of 
termination provided anytime after the
 
48
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Effective Date (provided, however, that no such termination shall be 
effective until the Completion of any then Ongoing Clinical Studies). The 
cost involved during the six (6) months on top of completing the Ongoing 
Clinical Studies will also be borne by Kinex. In addition, if any milestone 
is met per the Clinical Studies prior to the final termination date, Kinex 
will also be responsible for the milestone payment.

(c) Termination by Either Party.

Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement prior 
to expiration of the Agreement Term in the event that any of the following 
occurs:

(i) The other Party (as used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) 
shall have materially breached or defaulted in the performance of any of 
its material obligations hereunder (including a breach of the 
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement), and has not 
cured such breach within (i) thirty (30) days after notice of such breach 
is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach is a non-payment of 
any amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good 
faith (which shall be deemed a material breach of a material obligation) or 
(ii) sixty (60) days after notice of such breach is provided to the 
Breaching Party for other cases of breach (or, if such default cannot be 
cured within such sixty (60) day period, if the Breaching Party does not 
commence and diligently continue actions to cure such default during such 
sixty (60) day period). The termination shall become effective at the end 
of the (i) thirty (30) day period in case the breach is a non-payment of 
any amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good 
faith if the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or 
(ii) for other cases of breach, sixty (60) day period unless (a) the 
Breaching Party cures such breach during such sixty (60) day period, or (b) 
if such breach is not susceptible to cure within such sixty (60) day 
period, the
 
49
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Breaching Party has commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure (unless 
such breach, by its nature, is incurable, in which case the Agreement may 
not be terminated unless the Breaching Party fails to use its best 
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent a similar subsequent breach). 
The right of either Hanmi or Kinex to terminate this Agreement as provided 
in this Section 8.2(c)(1) shall not be affected in any way by such Partys 
waiver or failure to take action with respect to any previous breach or 
default.

(ii) The other Party stops or suspends payment of all or a class of its 
debts, becomes insolvent or sells or parts with possession of the whole or 
a major part of its assets or major undertaking.

(iii) An application or order is made, proceedings are commenced, a 
resolution is passed or proposed in a notice of meeting or an application 
to a court or other steps are taken (other than frivolous or vexatious 
applications, proceedings, notice or steps) for the winding up or 
dissolution of the other Party or for it to enter an arrangement, 
compromise or composition with or assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors, a class of them or any of them.

(iv) The Parties agree in writing to terminate this Agreement.

8.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. 
In addition to any other provisions of this Agreement which by their terms 
continue after the expiration of this Agreement, the provisions of Articles 
3.3(h). 6, 7, 9 and 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement and shall continue in effect after the date of expiration or 
termination for the longer of (i) five (5) years or (ii) the respective 
periods specified therein. Any expiration or early
 
50
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of 
any Party against the other accrued or accruing under this Agreement prior 
to termination. Except as expressly set forth herein, the rights to 
terminate as set forth herein shall he in addition to all other rights and 
remedies available under this Agreement, at law, or in equity, or 
otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Hanmi under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date at which 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum is mutually determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, Kinex and its 
Affiliates shall have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the stock 
of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on hand or in process of 
manufacture as of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Within 
thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination or expiration of 
this Agreement, Kinex shall notify Hanmi of the amount of each Licensed 
Product Kinex and its Affiliates then have on hand or in the process of 
manufacture and shall have the right to sell in the Territory (except with 
respect to any country in the Territory in which any Licensed Product has 
been withdrawn or there is no Regulatory Approval), its remaining stock of 
Licensed Product until all of it is sold; provided, however, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall apply to such Licensed Product so sold. 
Hanmi hereby grants a non-exclusive license to Kinex as necessary to sell 
such Licensed Product in the Territory, subject to payment of all related 
amounts due under this Agreement. Any remaining quantities of Licensed 
Product not sold, at Kinexs election, may be (i) destroyed by Kinex at 
Kinexs cost,(ii) sold to Hanmi at Kinexs procurement cost for such 
Licensed Product, or (iii) sold to customers in the Territory.
 
51
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Hanmis request, Kinex shall promptly 
transfer and return to Hanmi copies of all Data, reports, records and 
materials in Kinexs possession or control that relate to all Compounds or 
Licensed Products and return to Hanmi all relevant records and materials in 
Kinexs possession or control containing Proprietary Information of Hanmi (
provided that Kinex may keep one copy of such Proprietary Information of 
Hanmi for archival purposes only); (ii) Kinex shall transfer to Hanmi 
ownership of any INDs, Regulatory Approvals, Drug Approval Applications and 
any other regulatory filings or submissions made or filed for any Licensed 
Product by Kinex or its designees; (iii) Hanmi shall promptly return to 
Kinex all relevant records and materials in Hanmis possession or control 
containing Proprietary Information of Kinex (provided that, Hanmi may keep 
one copy of such Proprietary Information of Kinex for archival purposes 
only); and (iv) all sublicenses between Kinex and Third Parties shall 
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and shall be 
assigned by Kinex to Hanmi.

(e) If Kinex files for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the US bankruptcy laws 
prior to Regulatory Approval or comparable laws providing for liquidation 
of Kinex, Hanmi shall have the right to buy back all rights under this 
Agreement for $***. If Kinex files for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the US 
bankruptcy laws after Regulatory Approval, Hanmi would have the right to 
buy back all rights under this Agreement at a price equal to the fair 
market value. Fair market value would be determined by a US based 
investment banking firm agreed to by Hanmi and Kinex and approved by the 
bankruptcy court.


ARTICLE 9

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

9.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 9, Hanmi Indemnified Parties 
refers to Hanmi, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Hanmi and its 
Affiliates, and Kinex Indemnified Parties refers to Kinex, its Affiliates 
and officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents and successors and 
assigns of Kinex and its Affiliates.
 
52
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.2 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the Hanmi Indemnified Parties 
from and against all suits, claims, actions, demands, complaints, lawsuits 
or other proceedings, (collectively, Claims), that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Hanmi Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses, that arise out of or are attributable to, (i) Kinexs negligence, 
recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing any of its 
rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by 
Kinex of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants 
under this Agreement within the Territory; provided, however, that Kinex 
shall not be obligated under this Section 9.2, to the extent it is shown by 
evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject 
matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the 
Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of Hanmi.

9.3 Hanmi Indemnification. Hanmi shall defend the Kinex Indemnified Parties 
from and against all Claims, in each case that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses that arise out of such Claims that are attributable to, (i) Hanmis 
negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing 
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material 
breach by Hanmi of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or 
covenants under this Agreement outside the Territory; provided, however, 
that Hanmi shall not be obligated under this Section 9.3, to the extent it 
is shown by evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over 
the subject matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such 
Claim that the Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part 
of Kinex.
 
53
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
9.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party 
and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss how to respond to such Claim. 
Failure to provide prompt notice shall not relieve any Party of the duty to 
defend or indemnify unless such failure materially prejudices the defense 
of any matter. Each Party agrees that it will take reasonable steps to 
minimize the burdens of the litigation on witnesses and on the ongoing 
business of the Indemnified Parties including making reasonable 
accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and seeking 
appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location of 
depositions.

(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 9.4(a), is 
an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing written 
notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain counsel and 
timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such event, such 
other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however, that such 
other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an indemnified 
Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) Business Days 
notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to assume the 
defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this Agreement. If it 
is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to indemnification, the 
Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

9.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under Sections 
9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the consent of
 
54
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
the other Party; provided, however, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, 
without the written consent of the other Party, as part of any settlement 
or compromise (i) admit to liability on the part of the other Party; (ii) 
agree to an injunction against the other Party; or (iii) settle any matter 
in a manner that separately apportions fault to the other Party. The 
Parties further agree that as part of the settlement of any Indemnified 
Claim, an Indemnifying Party shall obtain a full, complete and 
unconditional release from the claimant on behalf of the Indemnified 
Parties.

9.6 Insurance.

(a) Kinex shall maintain in the Territory, commencing as of the Effective 
Date, commercial general liability insurance (including coverage for 
product liability, contractual liability, bodily injury, property damage 
and personal injury), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
Hanmi and in accordance with reasonable industry standards, with minimum 
limits of $5,000,000 per occurrence or, in case of Clinical Studies, 
$5,000,000 per occurrence during the period when such Clinical Studies are 
being conducted (the Insurance). If such Insurance is written on a 
claims-made form, it shall continue for three (3) years following 
termination of this Agreement. The Insurance shall have retroactive date to 
or coinciding with the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Kinex 
may satisfy the foregoing obligation with respect to the Insurance through 
self-insurance.

(b) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of all Licensed Products 
in and for the Territory. During the Agreement Term, Kinex shall not permit 
such Insurance to be reduced, expired, materially amended or canceled 
during the period of the Insurance and/or the Agreement without reasonable 
prior written notice that shall be sent by registered mail to Hanmi. Upon 
request Kinex shall provide certificates of insurance to Hanmi evidencing 
the coverage specified herein.
 
55
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) The Insurance shall contain an explicit clause, stating that each Party 
and its insurer waive their rights of subrogation against the other Party 
and its directors, employees and/or any one on its behalf with respect to 
the Insurance. Such waiver shall not apply in the event of a malicious act.

(e) The Insurance shall be primary to any other insurance maintained by 
each Party and each Party hereby waives any claim or demand as to 
participation in any such other insurance.

(f) The Insurance shall be valid in any location worldwide regarding the 
activities performed by each Party hereunder (including worldwide 
jurisdictions) for any destination or lawsuit which will be served against 
the other Party.

9.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE.
 
56
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 10

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including 
fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of 
war (whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

10.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or in 
connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all of its assets 
or in the event of a merger, or consolidation upon prior written notice to 
the other Party only if the transferring Party warrants and ensures and the 
successor entity agrees to assume all (and not less than all) of the 
transferring Partys responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding, any assignment permitted under this Agreement shall not 
relieve the transferring Party of its responsibilities for performance of 
its obligations under this Agreement as a primary obligor. This Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and 
permitted assigns of the Parties. Any assignment not in accordance with 
this Agreement shall be void.

10.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or
 
57
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
application thereof in good faith in order to provide a reasonably 
acceptable alternative to the term, covenant or condition of this Agreement 
or the application thereof that is invalid or unenforceable, it being the 
intent of the Parties that the basic purposes of this Agreement are to be 
effectuated.

10.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by e-mail, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.

(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this Agreement) shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person, or sent by 
overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), postage prepaid, or by facsimile 
or email confirmed by prepaid registered or certified air mail letter, 
return receipt requested, to the following addresses of the Parties (or to 
such other address or addresses as may be specified from time to time in a 
written notice), and shall be deemed to have been properly served to the 
addressee upon receipt of such written communication, to the following 
addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex to:

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
701 Ellicott Street
Buffalo, New York 14203
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: +1-716-849-6651
 
58
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
if to Hanmi to:

HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.
45 Hanmi Tower
BangYee-Dong SongPa-Gu
Seoul 138-724
South Korea
Tel: 82-2-410-8773
Attention: Director, Clinical Development & Licensing
Fax No.: +82-2-410-9278

or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by email facsimile on a Business Day, upon 
confirmed delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so 
delivered, and on the third Business Day following the date of mailing if 
sent by registered or certified air mail.

10.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the 
provisions of this Agreement are not performed in all material respects or 
otherwise are breached. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of 
this Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms 
and provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal 
having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any 
bond or other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in 
addition to any other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law 
or in equity. Any such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined 
in any court sitting in Singapore or other court of competent jurisdiction 
in the Territory, and the Parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such
 
59
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
courts in any such action or proceeding and irrevocably waive any defense 
of any inconvenient forum or alternative forum to the maintenance of any 
such action or proceeding, including any decision by such court regarding 
the substantive issues involved in the underlying dispute.

10.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

10.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York. The United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply 
in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement. Except as provide in Section 10.5, with regard to actions of 
specific performance, all disputes which arise in connection with this 
Agreement and its interpretation shall be settled in amicable way between 
the Parties. If the dispute cannot be settled in an amicable manner, it 
will be settled by arbitration to be held in Republic of Singapore in 
conformity with commercial arbitration rules of the International Chamber 
of Commerce. The award rendered by arbitration shall be final and binding 
upon the Parties hereto.

10.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.

10.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.
 
60
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
10.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.

10.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.

10.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

10.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.

10.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party,
 
61
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
including any creditor of either Party hereto. No such Third Party shall 
obtain any right under any provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons 
of any such provision make any claim in respect of any debt, liability or 
obligation (or otherwise) against either Party hereto.
 
62
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Gwan Sun Lee
Title: 	  	President and CEO
 
63
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.1

DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND HM30181A

***

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.2

HANMI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

***
 
Title
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application # (Patent
Filing or Application
Date)
  	
Publication #
(Date of
publication)
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.