 EX-10.11 8 s105258_ex10-11.htm EXHIBIT 10-11
 
Exhibit 10.11
 
SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR) PROGRAM
 
RESEARCH AGREEMENT AND SUBCONTRACT
BETWEEN
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY
AND
SHUTTLE PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC.
PURSUANT TO
AWARD NUMBER HHSN261201600027C - NCI CONTROL NUMBER:N43CO-2016-00027
 
("Predictive biomarkers of prostate cancer patient sensitivity for 
radiation late effect")
 
SUBGRANTEE: 	Georgetown University
  	 
ADDRESS: 	37th And O Streets, NW
  	Washington, DC 20057
  	 
SUBGRANT PERIOD: 	September 19, 2016 - September 18. 2017
  	 
ESTIMATED COST: 	$100,000
 
PREAMBLE
 
This cost-reimbursable Agreement is between Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC, 
a small business concern organized as a Limited Liability Company under the 
laws of the state of Maryland and having a principal place of business at 
One Research Court, Suite 450 Rockville, MD 20850 ("Sponsor") and 
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY, a nonprofit institution of higher education 
organized as a non-stock corporation under federal charter and whose 
principal place of business is situated at 37th and O Streets, N.W., 
Washington, D.C., U.S.A. ("Georgetown" or "Subgrantee"). It constitutes a 
Subgrant for the transfer of substantive programmatic work under AWARD NO. 
HHSN261201600027C - NCI CONTROL NO: N43CO-2016-00027 (Prime Agreement), 
which was issued to Sponsor by the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
 
In consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, and intending to be 
legally bound, the parties expressly agree to the terms and conditions 
contained in this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE I. STATEMENT OF WORK
 
The Subgrantee agrees to undertake activities in accordance with the 
Statement of Work appended as ATTACHMENT A.
 

 

 

 
ARTICLE II. KEY PERSONNEL
 
The activities to be performed under this Agreement arc under the direction 
of Dr. Amrita K. Cheema. Should Dr. Cheema be unable to continue during the 
period of performance of this Agreement, Sponsor reserves the right to 
approve or disapprove any successor recommended by the Subgrantee.
 
ARTICLE III. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE
 
The effective period of performance of this Agreement shall begin on 
September 19, 2016 and shall terminate on September 18, 2017.
 
ARTICLE IV. CONSIDERATION AND ALLOWABLE COSTS
 
In return for the Subgrantee's performance of the work required by ARTICLE 
I and agreement to abide by the terms contained in this Agreement, the 
Sponsor will reimburse the Subgrantee for its actual allowable costs up to 
a ceiling amount of $100,000. The Subgrantee agrees not to invoice for an 
amount in excess of $100,000 unless additional funds are obligated by 
formal written modification to this Agreement. Costs shall be incurred in 
accordance with the Budget, which is appended as ATTACHMENT B and is an 
integral part of this Agreement. The authorized amount will cover direct 
and indirect costs of the research, as detailed in the budget, ATTACHMENT 
B. The allowability of direct and indirect costs will be in accordance with 
applicable 2 CFR 200. The Subgrantee is authorized to move funds between 
line items in the Budget, provided that the total amount of expenditures 
docs not exceed funds currently obligated by this Agreement and is within 
the policies stated in the NIH Grants Policy Statement.
 
Funds obligated are for the defined Period of Performance only, as stated 
in Article III. Carryover of funds remaining at the end of this period is 
not automatic and must be asked for in a letter to the Sponsor. Sponsor 
will seek the approval of NIH. Carryover funds to Subgrantee arc not 
available until such approval has been received by Sponsor. Such approval 
will be forwarded to Subgrantee in a Modification to this agreement as 
detailed in Article XXIII.
 
ARTICLE V. PAYMENT
    
A. 	Payments for performance under this Agreement shall be issued by the 
Sponsor to the Subgrantee on a cost reimbursable basis within 30 days of 
receipt of proper, approved invoice(s) in the Sponsor Office. Invoices 
should be submitted monthly and no less than quarterly.
 
B. 	To be considered proper, an invoice must contain the Agreement 
identification number (HHSN261201600027C), sufficiently itemize expenses 
for which the Subgrantee is invoicing, and contain an original dated 
approval signature of an authorized representative of the Subgrantee. This 
signature shall certify that the expenses recited in the invoice reflect 
actual expenditures consistent with the terms of this Agreement.
 

 

 

 
C. 	To be considered approved, an invoice must also bear the dated approval 
initials or signature of Scott Grindrod, Ph.D. or his designee. The Sponsor 
Accounting Office shall seek to obtain this approval by submitting the 
invoice to Peter Dritschilo, President and CFO after receipt.
 
D. 	Invoices shall be sent to:
            
            Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC.
            One Research Court, Suite 450
            Rockville, MD 20850
    
    Payment shall be made to:
            
            Georgetown University
and shall be sent to:
            Sponsored Projects Financial Operation
            2121 Wisconsin Ave., NW
            4th Floor
            Washington, DC 20007
            Attention: Chief Accounting Officer
             
            Tax ID: 53-0196603
    
E. 	Invoices that exceed cither the period of performance of this Agreement 
or the obligated amount of this Agreement may be considered improper 
invoices and may be returned to the Subgrantee unpaid. Acceptance and 
payment by the Sponsor of any improper invoices shall not be construed as a 
waiver of the Sponsor's right to return future improper invoices.
    
F. 	A final invoice clearly marked "FINAL" must be received within sixty 
(60) days of the close of the expiration date of the award. Invoices 
received after this date may be considered improper invoices, and may be 
returned to the Subgrantee unpaid.
 
ARTICLE VI. RECORDS AND AUDIT
    
A 	Records for this Agreement arc to be retained by the Subgrantee for at 
least three years after final payment under this Agreement and all pending 
matters arc closed. If an audit, litigation, or other action involving the 
records is started before the end of the three year period, the records 
must be retained until all issues arising out of the action are resolved or 
until the end of the three year period, whichever is later. The Subgrantee 
agrees to give the Sponsor, the National Institutes of Health, the 
Comptroller General of the United States, or any of their authorized 
representatives access to these records and any other pertinent books, 
documents, papers or other records, in order to make audits, examinations, 
excerpts and transcripts.
     

 

 

 
     
B. 	The Subgrantee agrees to comply with the requirements of 2 CFR 200 as 
appropriate. The Subgrantee further agrees to provide the Sponsor with 
copies of any independent auditors' reports within 30 days of their receipt 
by the Subgrantee. Where the report includes instances of non-compliance 
with federal laws and regulations, the Subgrantee shall provide copies of 
responses to the report and a plan for corrective action.
 
ARTICLE VII. PUBLICATIONS
 
In the event either Party wishes to publish or present any material from 
work performed under this Agreement, the Subgrantee agrees to submit a 
manuscript of the publication or an abstract of the presentation to Dr. 
Scott Grindrod for comment at least thirty (30) days prior to submission 
for publication or presentation.
 
The Subgrantee further agrees that when publishing, or submitting for 
publication, in scientific, peer-reviewed or other scholarly publications, 
the Subgrantee shall acknowledge the support of the National Institutes of 
Health whenever publicizing the work under this Subgrant in any media by 
including an acknowledgement substantially as follows:
 
â€œThe project described was supported by Award Number (hhsn261201600027c) 
from the Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC. The content is solely the 
responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the 
official views of the Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC or the National 
Institutes of Health."
 
ARTICLE VIII. PATENTS AND INVENTIONS
 
Pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act and Executive Order 12591 (April 10, 1987), 
all recipients of Federal research funding (i.e., all Federal grantees and 
contractors and consortium participants and other organizations receiving 
funds under Federal grants and contracts, whether small businesses, large 
businesses, or non-profit organizations) are subject to the same invention 
reporting requirements and regulations. These are included in the 
regulations issued by the Department of Commerce, found at 37 CFR Part 401.
 
For purposes of this Subgrant, Sponsor is the grantor. Subgrantee will 
establish and implement an employee invention reporting policy to identify 
the parties who perform work under this Subgrant and who may be reasonably 
expected to make inventions.
 
The determination of the rights of ownership and disposition of inventions 
resulting from the performance of the work done under this Subgrant and the 
administration of such inventions shall be in accordance with NIH policies 
and the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) agreement entered into by 
and between the Parties dated 10/28/2016, attached hereto as ATTACHMENT C
 
ARTICLE IX. INDEMNIFICATION
 
The Subgrantee shall defend, indemnify and hold the Sponsor, its officers, 
employees, and agents, harmless from any and all liability, loss, expenses 
(including reasonable attorney's fees), or claims for injury or damages 
arising out of the performance of this Agreement but only in proportion to 
and to the extent such liability, loss, expense, attorney's fees, or claims 
for injury or damages are caused by or result from the negligent or 
intentional acts or omissions of the Subgrantee, its officers, employees, 
or agents.
 

 

 

 
 
The Sponsor shall defend, indemnify and hold the Subgrantee, its officers, 
employees, and agents, harmless from any and all liability, loss, expenses 
(including reasonable attorney's fees), or claims for injury or damages 
arising out of the performance of this Agreement but only in proportion to 
and to the extent such liability, loss, expense, attorney's fees, or claims 
for injury or damages are caused by or result from the negligent or 
intentional acts or omissions of die Sponsor, its officers, employees, or 
agents.
  
ARTICLE X. CERTIFICATION REGARDING DEBARMENT, SUSPENSION, AND OTHER 
RESPONSIBILITY
MATTERS - PRIMARY COVERED TRANSACTIONS
 
A. 	The Subgrantee certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief, that 
it and its principals:
      
1. 	Are not presently debarred, suspended, proposed for debarment, declared 
ineligible, or voluntarily excluded by any Federal department or agency;
      
2. 	Have not within a three-year period preceding this agreement been 
convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against them for commission 
of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to 
obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State or local) transaction or 
contract under a public transaction; violation of Federal or State 
antitrust statutes or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, 
falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, or 
receiving stolen property;
      
3. 	Are not presently indicted for or otherwise criminally or civilly 
charged by a governmental entity (Federal, State, or local) with commission 
of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (2) of this certification; 
and
      
4. 	Have not within a three year period preceding this agreement had one or 
more public transactions (Federal, State, or local) terminated for cause or 
default.
    
B. 	Where a prospective primary participant is unable to certify to any of 
the statements in this certification, such prospective participant shall 
provide an explanation.
 
ARTICLE XL TERMINATION
    
A. 	Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause or convenience by 
giving the other Party thirty (30) days written notice.
    
B. 	In all instances of termination or suspension, the Subgrantee shall be 
given written notice of the termination or suspension, including a written 
explanation of the reason(s) for such action. Where appropriate, the 
Subgrantee shall be given reasonable time to cure any deficiency in its 
performance. If the deficiency is not corrected within a reasonable time, 
as defined by the Sponsor in consultation with the Subgrantee, the 
Agreement may then be immediately terminated or suspended.
    

 

 

 
C. 	Upon receipt of a notice of termination or suspension as specified 
above, the Subgrantee shall take immediate action to minimize all 
expenditures and obligations financed by this Agreement and shall cancel 
unliquidated obligations wherever possible. Except as provided below, no 
further reimbursement shall be made after the effective date of termination 
or suspension. The Subgrantee shall within 30 calendar days after the 
effective date of termination or suspension repay to the Sponsor all 
unexpended funds disbursed by the Sponsor that are not otherwise obligated 
by a legally binding transaction applicable to this Agreement. Should the 
funds paid by the Sponsor to the Subgrantee be insufficient to cover the 
Subgrantee's obligations in the legally binding transaction, the Subgrantee 
may submit to the Sponsor within 60 calendar days after the effective date 
of termination or suspension a written claim covering such obligations. The 
Sponsor Sponsored Accounting Office shall determine the amount(s) to be 
paid by the Sponsor to the Subgrantee under such claims in accordance with 
the applicable cost principles.
 
ARTICLE XII. DISPUTES
    
A. 	There is no formal procedure established for resolving disputes between 
the Sponsor and the Subgrantee. It is Sponsor policy to make every 
reasonable effort to resolve all issues fairly by negotiation without 
litigation. Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be brought to 
the attention of the Georgetown University Medical Center Office of 
Sponsored Research. Authority for resolving such disputes on behalf of the 
Subgrantee shall reside with the Sr. Associate Vice President of the Office 
of Sponsored Research or her designee.
    
B. 	This Article shall not be construed to limit the administrative or 
legal rights otherwise available to the parties in the event of violations 
of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE XIII. NOTICES
 
Any official notices required under the terms of this Agreement shall be 
hand delivered or sent by Certified Mail, postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested, to the appropriate individual and address listed below.
 
For the Sponsor: 	  	For the Subgrantee:
  	  	 
Peter Dritschilo, President and CFO 	  	Marjan Mobini
Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 	  	Sr. Grants & Contracts Officer
One Research Court, Suite 450 	  	Office of Sponsored Research
Rockville, MD 20850 	  	Georgetown University
  	  	3300 Whitehaven Street, NW
Phone: 	240-403-4212 (Work) 	  	Washington, DC 20007
  	240-271-0642 (Cell) 	  	Tel: 202-687-7866
Email: 	peter.dritschllo@shuttlepharma.org 	  	Email: 
mobinim@georgetown.edu
 

 

 

  
ARTICLE XIV. IRB APPROVAL
 
Research involving human subjects shall not be conducted under this 
subgrant until Subgrantee has provided to Sponsor a properly completed 
"Protection of Human Subjects Assurance identification/IRB 
Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form OMB No. 0990-0263 (formerly 
Optional Form 310), certifying IRB review and approval of the protocol. The 
human subject certification can be met by submission of the Subgrantee's 
self designated form, provided that it contains the information required by 
the "Protection of Human Subjects Assurance Identification/IRB 
Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form OMB No. 0990-0263 (formerly 
Optional Form 310). Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form OMB No. 
0990-0263 (formerly Optional Form 310).
 
When research involving Human Subjects will take place at collaborating 
sites or other performance sites, the Subgrantee shall obtain, and keep on 
file, a properly completed "Protection of Human Subjects Assurance 
Identification/IRB Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form OMB No. 
0990-0263 (formerly Optional Form 310) certifying IRB review and approval 
of the research.
   
ARTICLE XV. REQUIRED EDUCATION IN THE PROTECTION OF HUMAN
RESEARCH PARTICIPANTS
 
NIH policy requires education on the protection of human subject 
participants for all investigators receiving NIH contract awards for 
research involving human subjects. For a complete description of the NIH 
Policy announcement on required education in the protection of human 
subject participants, the Subgrantee should access the NIH Guide for Grants 
and Contracts Announcement dated June 5, 2000 (Revised August 25, 2000) at 
the following website:
 
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-00-039.html.
 
The terms and conditions referencing Human Subjects Assurance and Required 
Education in the Protection of Human Research Participants are in full 
force as if written in their entirety and are made a part of this Subgrant.
 
ARTICLE XVI. HIPAA
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all 
individually identifiable health information shall be treated as 
confidential by the parties in accordance with all applicable federal, 
state or local laws and regulations governing the confidentiality and 
privacy of individually identifiable health information, including without 
limitation, the HIPAA Privacy Regulation and any regulations and official 
guidelines promulgated thereunder, and the parties agree to take such 
additional steps and/or to negotiate such amendments to this Agreement as 
may be required to ensure that the parties are and remain in compliance 
with the HIPAA Privacy Regulation and official guidance. Institution hereby 
certifies that it complies with all applicable HIPAA requirements.
 

 

 

 
ARTICLE XVII. INCORPORATED TERMS OF THE PRIME AGREEMENT
 
This Agreement is subject, where applicable, to the following terms and 
conditions of the Prime Agreement.
 
1. 	FAR 52. 252-2
2. 	Section G
3. 	Section H
4. 	Section I
 
These terms are in full force and effect as if written in this Article in 
their entirety. Where the terms read or imply "The Government or the 
National Institutes of Health" they shall be considered to read or imply 
"The Sponsor". Where they read or imply "The Grantee" they shall be 
considered to read or imply "The Subgrantee". Where they read or imply a 
Sponsor official, they shall be considered to read or imply the relevant 
Sponsor official.
 
These additional terms supplement the articles of this Agreement. They do 
not replace or supersede nor are they replaced or superseded by the 
Articles of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the Articles 
of this Agreement and these additional terms and conditions, a resolution 
shall be achieved in accordance with ARTICLE XII.
 
ARTICLE XVIII. ATTACHMENTS
     
The following attachments are an integral part of this Agreement:
 
ATTACHMENT A. 	Statement of Work
ATTACHMENT B. 	Budget
ATTACHMENT C. 	SBTR Agreement
ATTACHMENT D. 	(If applicable IRB Approval or IACUC Approval)
  
ARTICLE XIX. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
 
Subgrantee's Principal Investigator will provide to Dr. Scott Grindrod 
quarterly technical progress reports and a final technical report on all 
work to be performed under this Agreement as required to fulfill reporting 
requirements under the Prime Award and to enable with the filing of the 
continuation application of such award.
 
ARTICLE XX. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR
 
In performing activities under this Agreement, Subgrantee shall be deemed 
to be and shall be an independent contractor and, as such, shall not be 
entitled to any benefits applicable to employees of the Sponsor.
              

 

 

 
ARTICLE XXI. GOVERNING LAW
    
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia.
 
ARTICLE XXII. WAIVER
 
No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement whether by 
conduct or otherwise in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be or 
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or 
condition, or of any other term, provision, or condition of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE XXIII. MODIFICATION OR AMENDMENT
 
No modification or amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless in 
writing, signed by an authorized representative of the Sponsor and an 
authorized representative of the Subgrantee. Only designated individuals 
within the Georgetown University Medical Center, Office of Sponsored 
Research are authorized to modify this Agreement for Georgetown.
 
ARTICLE XXIV. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
 
This writing contains the entire agreement of the parties and there are no 
promises, understandings, or agreements of any kind pertaining to this 
Agreement other than those written in this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE XXV. SEVERABILITY
 
In the event that any term or provision of this Agreement or any 
application of a term or provision of this Agreement is deemed illegal, or 
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such a 
term or provision shall not be affected, except with regard to those 
persons or circumstances to which it was specifically held invalid or 
unenforceable.
 
ARTICLE XXVI. ANTI-TERRORISM
 
The Subgrantee is reminded that U.S. Executive Orders 13224 and U.S. Law 
prohibits transactions with, and the provision of resources and support to, 
individuals and organizations associated with terrorism. It is the legal 
responsibility of die Subgrantee to ensure compliance with these Executive 
Orders and Laws. This provision must be included in all 
subcontracts/subawards issued under this subgrant agreement.
 
ARTICLE XXVII. CAPTIONS OR HEADINGS
 
Captions or headings contained in this Agreement are inserted only as a 
matter of convenience and do not in any way define, limit, or extend the 
scope or intent of this Agreement or any term or provision of this 
Agreement.
 

 

 

 
ARTICLE XXVIII. COUNTERPARTS
 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same instrument.
     
ARTICLE XXIX. CERTIFICATION REGARDING FINANCIAL CONFLICTS
OF INTEREST
 
In this Article, capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the 
Public Health Service's regulations on Promoting Objectivity In Research, 
codified in Title 42, Part 50, Subpart F of the Code of Federal 
Regulations, as they may from time to time be amended ("PHS Regulations"). 
The Subgrantee certifies to the Sponsor that [check ONE statement below]:
 
x Subgrantee has adopted Financial Conflicts of Interest policies and 
procedures that comply with the PHS Regulations. Subgrantee will comply 
with the requirements of its own Financial Conflicts of Interest policies 
and procedures with respect to its performance under this Agreement. Within 
1 day of receipt of a "just in time" notice from the Sponsor [or: of the 
execution of this Agreement], and thereafter within 30 days of discovering 
any new Significant Financial Interests for its Investigators, Subrecipient 
shall report to the Sponsor any identified Financial Conflicts of Interest 
for its Investigators.
 
The report will contain all elements required by the PHS Regulations[, 
including: (i) Project/Contract number; (ii) principal investigator/project 
director; (iii) name of the Investigator with the Financial Conflict of 
Interest; (iv) name of entity in which the Investigator has a Significant 
Financial Interest that gives rise to a Financial Conflict of Interest; (v) 
nature of the financial interest; (vi) value of the financial interest, 
within dollar ranges, or if the value cannot be readily determined through 
reference to public prices or other reasonable measures, a statement to 
that effect; (vii) a description of how the financial interest relates to 
the PHS-funded research and the basis for the Subgrantee's determination 
that the financial interest conflicts with such research; and (viii) a 
description of the key elements of the management plan, including (a) the 
role and principal duties of the conflicted Investigator in the research 
project, (b) conditions of the management plan, (c) how the management plan 
is designed to safeguard objectivity in the research project (d) 
confirmation of the Investigator's agreement to the management plan. (e) 
how the management plan will be monitored to ensure Investigator 
compliance, and (f) other information as needed].
 
Â¨ Subgrantee has not adopted Financial Conflicts of Interest policies and 
procedures that comply with the PHS Regulations. In performing its 
obligations under this Agreement, Subgrantee will follow Sponsor's 
Financial Conflicts of Interest Policy 
[http://ora.georgctown.edu/FCOIPolicyRequircments.html]. which will be 
incorporated into the Subaward Agreement by reference. Subgrantee will 
require its Investigators to complete the Financial Conflicts of Interest 
Disclosure forms provided by the Sponsor. Within 1 day of receipt of a 
"just in time" notice from the Sponsor [or: of the execution of this 
Agreement], and thereafter within 30 days of discovering any new 
Significant Financial Interests of its Investigators, Subrecipient shall 
report to the Sponsor any Significant Financial Interests reported by its 
Investigators. Subgrantee will ensure that its Investigators provide full 
information to Sponsor regarding any Significant Financial Interests, in 
order for the Sponsor to determine if such Significant Financial Interests 
are related to the research and constitute a Financial Conflict of Interest 
and to make required reports to the funding agency. If Sponsor determines 
that any of Subgrantee's Investigators have Financial Conflicts of 
Interest, Subgrantee will ensure that its Investigators comply with the 
terms of any conflict management plan(s) issued by the Sponsor with respect 
to such Financial Conflicts of Interest.
 

 

 

 
ARTICLE XXX. ACCEPTANCE
 
This Agreement shall not be considered accepted or effective until signed 
below by authorized representatives of both of the parties. By signing 
below, each individual warrants that he or she is authorized to bind his or 
her organization to this Agreement.
 
The parties agree that this Agreement may be signed by either party by 
electronic means. Neither party will challenge the legal effect of cither 
party's signature or the enforceability of this Agreement solely because 
the signature is in electronic form.
 
FOR SHUTTLE PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC. 	  	FOR GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY:
  	  	 
  	  	 
/s/ Peter Dritschilo 	  	/s/ Trudy Bright
NAME: Peter Dritschilo, 	  	NAME: Trudy Bright
  	  	 
TITLE: President and CFO 	  	TITLE: Director, Office of Sponsored Research
  	  	 
Date:  	11/21/16 	  	Date:  	11/22/2016
 

 

 

 
ATTACHMENT A.
STATEMENT OF WORK
 

 

 

 
Statement of Work (Phase I) Dated XX/XX/XXXX
Contract No. HHSNxxxxxxxx
 
[Blue â€“ To be filled out by NCI STAFF]
 
STATEMENT OF WORK (Phase I)
 
TITLE: 	Predictive biomarkers for prostate cancer patient sensitivity
  	for radiation late effects
 
PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR(S): 	Scott Grindrod, PhD
PROJECT DURATION: 	12 months
COMPANY: 	Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
SUBCONTRACTORS: 	Georgetown University
 
I. 	Background Information and Objectives
   
A. 	Background Information
 
Patients treated for prostate cancer may experience treatment related late 
effects that adversely affect quality of life and may prove 
life-threatening. The objective of this Phase I SBIR application is to 
determine the technical and commercial feasibility of a biomarker panel 
predictive of radiation mediated late effects in patients treated for 
prostate cancer. We will develop a metabolite signature of radiation 
responses in a cohort of patients undergoing stereotactic body radiation 
therapy (SBRT) for prostate cancer. Analysis of banked plasma samples will 
be correlated with clinical outcomes to identify markers of urinary and 
gastrointestinal late effects for validation in a larger clinical 
population to be proposed in a subsequent Phase II application. The Phase 
II effort will allow Shuttle Pharmaceuticals to advance its proposed 
commercialization plan and to raise capital to support validation clinical 
trials leading to FDA approval.
 
Patients treated with stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) for 
prostate cancers on an IRB approved protocol have banked clinical specimens 
and detailed monitoring of quality of life parameters. Sub-sets of these 
patients have developed urinary incontinence (Ul), symptomatic urinary 
flare (USF), obstructed voiding symptoms/retention (UR) and radiation 
proctitis (RP). We have used high resolution mass spectrometry based 
metabolomics/lipidomic profiling to analyze this unique cohort of patient 
samples and propose here, to leverage our established analytical platform 
to advance product development and validation of a biomarker panel 
predictive of radiation toxicities. Metabolites in plasma from a cohort of 
100 de-identified patients will be analyzed to develop a kit supporting 
metabolomic analysis to serve as a biomarker panel predictive of patient 
susceptibility for radiation late effects.
   
B. 	Technical Objectives
 
The three technical objectives of this proposal focus on determining the 
feasibility for developing a metabolite panel predictive of clinical 
outcomes in prostate cancer patients treated with radiation therapy (SBRT). 
In Objective 1, we will use technology in the Waters Center of Excellence 
at Georgetown University to perform metabolite analysis on de-identified, 
bio-banked plasma samples from 100 patients. In the first objective, 
untargeted metabolite profiles will be obtained and analyzed for 
correlations with clinical outcomes, including cancer recurrence, urinary 
tract injury and rectal injury. Candidate metabolites will be validated and 
a metabolite "kit" will be designed and tested in Objective 2. Standard 
operating procedures (SOPs) will be prepared and purity, stability and 
storage capacity will be tested. Objective 3 is to consolidate the 
intellectual property (metabolite panels) within Georgetown University 
policies and obtain a license to develop and commercialize the biomarker 
panels. Submitting a final report to NIH staff documenting success in 
achieving the Phase I milestones will allow preparation of a phase II 
application to clinically validate the biomarker panel and support 
commercialization efforts.
 

 

 

 
Statement of Work (Phase I) Dated XX/XX/XXXX
Contract No. HHSNxxxxxxxx
 
Objective 1. Develop a metabolite biomarker panel of radiation late 
effects.
 
Task 1.1. Perform untargeted metabolomics profiling of plasma specimens 
using UPLC-ESI-QTOFMS.
 
Milestone 1.1. Metabolite raw data on clinical samples from 100 patients
 
Task 1.2. Perform biostatistics analysis of raw data to identify candidate 
metabolite signatures.
 
Milestone 1.2. Metabolite signatures for cancer recurrence, urinary tract 
injury and rectal injury.
 
  Task 1.3. Validate and evaluate biomarker performance using SID-MRM-MS.
  Identify candidate molecules for biomarker development.
   
  Milestone 1.3. Panels of validated biomarkers that correlate to cancer
  recurrence, urinary injury and rectal injury (for kit development).
   
Objective 2. Design and test a metabolite "kit" suitable for GLP clinical 
application
 
Task 2.1. Define the operating range of the biomarker assay.
   
  Milestone 2.1. Accuracy and precision of the assay is available for
  preparing standard operating procedures (SOPs).
   
Task 2.2. Determine the assay optimization and standardization.
 
Milestone 2.2. Purity, stability and storage capacity data for selected 
metabolites will be used in SOPs.
 
Task 2.3. Determine robustness of the assay.
 
Milestone 2.3. Assay repeatability available for the SOPs.
 
  Objective 3. Review achieved milestones, evaluate commercialization
  potential and advance a Phase II SBIR application for clinical trial
  validation of the biomarker
 
Task 3.1. Disclose intellectual property to the GU Office of Technology 
Commercialization.
 
Milestone 3.1. Provisional patent application submission.
 
Task 3.2. Prepare and submit the final report of Phase I accomplishments.
 
Milestone 3.2. Written final report is accepted by NIH staff allowing 
submission of a Phase II application.
 
II. 	Services to be Performed
 
A. 	General Requirements
1. 	The contractor shall independently perform all work and furnish all 
labor, materials, supplies, equipment, and services (except as otherwise 
specified in the contract).
2. 	All work will be monitored by the Government Project Officer identified 
in Section G of the contract.
   

 

 

 
Statement of Work (Phase I) Dated XX/XX/XXXX
Contract No. HHSNxxxxxxxx
                                
B. 	Specific Requirements
 
Phase I Milestones and Timeline
 
  	  	  	  	Months
1-3 	  	Months
4-6 	  	Months
7-9 	  	Months
10-12
Objective 1 	  	  	  	****** 	  	****** 	  	  	  	 
GU 	  	Milestone 1.1. Metabolite raw data on clinical samples from 100 
patients 	  	X 	  	X 	  	  	  	 
SP/GU 	  	Milestone 1.2. Metabolite sianatures for cancer recurrence, 
urinary tract injury and rectal injury. 	  	  	  	X 	  	  	  	 
SP 	  	Milestone 1.3. Panels of validated biomarkers for assay kit 
development. 	  	  	  	X 	  	X 	  	X
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Objective 2 	  	  	  	  	  	****** 	  	****** 	  	 
SP 	  	Milestone 2.1. Accuracy and precision of the assay for standard 
operating procedures (SOPs) 	  	  	  	X 	  	X 	  	 
SP 	  	Milestone 2.2. Puritv. stability and storaae capacity data for 
selected metabolites for SOPs. 	  	  	  	X 	  	X 	  	 
SP 	  	Milestone 2.3. Assay repeatability for SOPs. 	  	  	  	  	  	X 	  	 
Objective 3 	  	  	  	  	  	*** 	  	****** 	  	******
SP/GU 	  	Milestone 3.1. Provisional patent application submission. 	  	  	
  	X 	  	X 	  	X
SP 	  	Milestone 3.2. Written final report is accepted by NIH staff; submit 
a Phase II SBIR application. 	  	  	  	  	  	X 	  	X
 
SP = Work will be performed in Shuttle Pharmaceuticals Laboratory/ 
Administrative Offices
 
GU = Work will be performed in Georgetown University Shared Resource 
Facilities
 

 

 

 
ATTACHMENT B.
BUDGET
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
ATTACHMENT C.
SBIR AGREEMENT
 

 