 EX-10.5 6 d101223dex105.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5

HESS MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
2017 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

SECTION 1. Purpose of the Plan.

This Hess Midstream Partners LP 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan) 
has been adopted by Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the Company), the general partner of Hess Midstream 
Partners GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the General Partner), 
which is the general partner of Hess Midstream Partners LP, a Delaware 
limited partnership (the Partnership). The Plan is intended to promote 
the interests of the Partnership and the Company by providing incentive 
compensation awards denominated in or based on Units to Employees, 
Consultants and Directors to encourage superior performance. The Plan is 
also intended to enhance the ability of the Partnership, the Company and 
their Affiliates to attract and retain the services of individuals who are 
essential for the growth and profitability of the Partnership, the Company 
and their Affiliates and to encourage them to devote their best efforts to 
advancing the business of the Partnership, the Company and their 
Affiliates.

SECTION 2. Definitions.

As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth 
below:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question. As 
used herein, the term control means the possession, direct or indirect, 
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise. Hess and its Affiliates shall all be considered 
Affiliates of the Company and the Partnership for all purposes under the 
Plan, except as and to the extent otherwise determined by the Committee.

ASC Topic 718 means Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, 
Compensation  Stock Compensation, or any successor accounting standard.

Award means an Option, Restricted Unit, Phantom Unit, DER, Substitute 
Award, Unit Appreciation Right, Unit Award, Other Unit-Based Award or 
Profits Interest Unit granted under the Plan.

Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement by which an 
Award shall be evidenced and which agreement may include a separate plan, 
policy, agreement or other written document.

Board means the board of directors or board of managers, as the case may 
be, of the Company.

Cause means, unless otherwise provided in the Participants Award 
Agreement: (i) a felony conviction of the Participant or the failure of the 
Participant to contest prosecution for a felony; (ii) the Participants 
gross and willful misconduct in connection with the performance of the 
Participants duties with the Company or any Affiliate(s) of the Company or 
(iii) the willful

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and continued failure of the Participant to substantially perform the 
Participants duties with the Company or its Affiliate(s) after a written 
demand from the Board or the Committee for substantial performance which 
specifically identifies the manner in which the Board or the Committee, as 
the case may be, believes that the Participant has not performed the 
Participants duties with the Company or its Affiliates, provided that the 
event or circumstance described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) is directly 
and materially harmful to the business or reputation of the Company, the 
Partnership or their Affiliates; provided further, however, that, if at any 
particular time the Participant is subject to an effective employment 
agreement or change in control agreement with the Company or any of its 
Affiliates, then, in lieu of the foregoing definition, Cause shall at 
that time have such meaning as may be specified in such employment 
agreement or change in control agreement, as applicable.

Change in Control means, and shall be deemed to have occurred upon one or 
more of the following events:

(i) any person or group within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 
14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, the General Partner, 
Hess or an Affiliate of the Company, the General Partner or Hess (as 
determined immediately prior to such event), shall become the beneficial 
owner, by way of merger, acquisition, consolidation, recapitalization, 
reorganization or otherwise, of 50% or more of the combined voting power of 
the equity interests in the Company or the Partnership;

(ii) the limited partners of the Partnership approve, in one or a series of 
transactions, a plan of complete liquidation of the Partnership;

(iii) the sale or other disposition by either the Company or the 
Partnership of all or substantially all of the Companys or the 
Partnerships assets, respectively, in one or more transactions to any 
Person other than the Company, the General Partner, the Partnership, Hess 
or an Affiliate of the Company, the General Partner, the Partnership or 
Hess;

(iv) a transaction resulting in a Person other than the Company, the 
General Partner, Hess or an Affiliate of the Company, the General Partner 
or Hess (as determined immediately prior to such event) being the sole 
general partner of the Partnership; or

(v) a Hess Corporation Change of Control.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment 
event with respect to any Award which provides for the deferral of 
compensation required to comply with Section 409A or such compensation 
otherwise would be subject to the tax under Section 409A if such Change in 
Control did not comply with Section 409A, the transaction or event 
described in subsection (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above with respect to 
such Award must also constitute a change in control event, as defined in 
Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5), and as relates to the holder of such 
Award, to the extent required to comply with Section 409A.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Committee means the Board, except that it shall mean such committee of 
the Board as may be appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, or as 
necessary to comply with applicable legal requirements or listing 
standards.

Consultant means an individual who renders consulting services to the 
Company, the Partnership or any of their Affiliates.

DER means a distribution equivalent right, representing a contingent 
right to receive an amount in cash, Units, Restricted Units and/or Phantom 
Units equal in value to the distributions made by the Partnership with 
respect to a Unit during the period such Award is outstanding.

Director means a member of the board of directors or board of managers, 
as the case may be, of the Company, the Partnership or any of their 
Affiliates who is not an Employee or a Consultant (other than in that 
individuals capacity as a Director).

Disability means, unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement or 
other written agreement between the Company, the Partnership or one of 
their Affiliates and the applicable Participant, as determined by the 
Committee in its discretion exercised in good faith, a physical or mental 
condition of a Participant that would entitle him or her to payment of 
disability income payments under the Companys, the Partnerships or one of 
their Affiliates long-term disability insurance policy or plan, as 
applicable, for employees as then in effect; or in the event that a 
Participant is not covered, for whatever reason, under any such long-term 
disability insurance policy or plan for employees of the Company, the 
Partnership or one of their Affiliates or the Company, the Partnership or 
one of their Affiliates does not maintain such a long-term disability 
insurance policy, Disability means a total and permanent disability 
within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code; provided, however, 
that if a Disability constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award 
which provides for the deferral of compensation required to comply with 
Section 409A or such compensation otherwise would be subject to the tax 
under Section 409A if such Disability did not comply with Section 409A, 
then, to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, the Participant 
must also be considered disabled within the meaning of Section 409A. If 
applicable, a determination of Disability may be made by a physician 
selected or approved by the Committee and, in this respect, Participants 
shall submit to an examination by such physician upon request by the 
Committee.

Employee means an employee of the Company, the Partnership or any of 
their Affiliates.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Units determined by 
such methods or procedures as shall be established from time to time by the 
Committee and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with the 
requirements of Section 409A. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, 
the Fair Market Value of the Units as of any given date shall be the 
closing sales price of the Units on such date during normal trading hours 
on the New York Stock Exchange or, if not listed on such exchange, on any 
other national securities exchange on which the Units are listed or on an 
inter-dealer quotation system, in any case, as reported in such
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
source as the Committee shall select; provided that if there are no 
reported sales on a given date but there were sales within a reasonable 
period both before and after such date, the Fair Market Value is the 
weighted average of the closing prices on the nearest date before and the 
nearest date after such date on which there were sales. The average is to 
be weighted inversely by the respective number of trading days between the 
selling dates and the valuation date.

Hess means Hess Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or its successors.

Hess Corporation Change of Control means a Change of Control as defined 
in the Hess Corporation 2008 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, as such 
definition would apply to future awards granted under that plan.

Option means an option to purchase Units granted pursuant to Section 6(a) 
of the Plan.

Other Unit-Based Award means an award granted pursuant to Section 6(f) of 
the Plan.

Participant means an Employee, Consultant or Director who has been 
granted and holds an outstanding Award under the Plan and any authorized 
transferee of such individual.

Partnership Agreement means the Agreement of Limited Partnership of the 
Partnership, as it may be amended or amended and restated from time to 
time.

Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of 
the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a 
group as defined in Section 13(d) thereof.

Phantom Unit means a notional interest granted under the Plan that, to 
the extent vested, entitles the Participant to receive a Unit or an amount 
of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a Unit, as determined by the 
Committee in its discretion.

Profits Interest Unit means, to the extent authorized by the Partnership 
Agreement, an interest in the Partnership that is intended to constitute a 
profits interest within the meaning of the Code, Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder, and any published guidance by the Internal Revenue 
Service with respect thereto.

Restricted Period means the period established by the Committee with 
respect to an Award during which the Award remains subject to forfeiture 
and is either not exercisable by or payable to the Participant, as the case 
may be.

Restricted Unit means a Unit granted pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Plan 
that is subject to a Restricted Period.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor 
thereto.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations 
and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without 
limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be amended or 
issued after the Effective Date (as defined in Section 9 below).

Service means service as an Employee, Consultant or Director. The 
Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all 
matters and questions relating to terminations of Service, including, 
without limitation, the questions of whether and when a termination of 
Service occurred and/or resulted from a discharge for Cause, and all 
questions of whether particular changes in status or leaves of absence 
constitute a termination of Service. The Committee, in its sole discretion, 
subject to the terms of any applicable Award Agreement, may determine that 
a termination of Service has not occurred in the event of (a) a termination 
where there is simultaneous commencement by the Participant of a 
relationship with the Partnership, the Company or any of their Affiliates 
as an Employee, Director or Consultant or (b) a termination which results 
in a temporary severance of the service relationship.

Substitute Award means an award granted pursuant to Section 6(g) of the 
Plan.

Unit means a Common Unit of the Partnership.

Unit Appreciation Right or UAR means a contingent right that entitles 
the holder to receive the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Unit on the 
exercise date of the UAR over the exercise price of the UAR.

Unit Award means an award granted pursuant to Section 6(d) of the Plan.

SECTION 3. Administration.

(a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, subject to subsection 
(b) below; provided, however, that in the event that the Board is not also 
serving as the Committee, the Board, in its sole discretion, may at any 
time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the 
Committee under the Plan. The governance of the Committee shall be subject 
to the charter, if any, of the Committee as approved by the Board and 
amended from time to time. Subject to the terms of the Plan and applicable 
law, and in addition to other express powers and authorizations conferred 
on the Committee by the Plan, the Committee shall have full power and 
authority to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types 
of Awards to be granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number of 
Units to be covered by Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of 
any Award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what 
circumstances Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, or forfeited; 
(vi) interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement 
relating to an Award made under the Plan; (vii) establish, amend, suspend, 
or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it shall 
deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan; and (viii) make 
any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems 
necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee 
may correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any 
inconsistency in the Plan or an Award Agreement in such manner and to such 
extent as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate. Unless otherwise 
expressly
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, 
and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or any Award shall be 
within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and 
shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons, including the 
Company, the Partnership, any of their Affiliates, any Participant and any 
beneficiary of any Participant.

(b) To the extent permitted by applicable law and the rules of any 
securities exchange on which the Units are listed, quoted or traded, the 
Board or Committee may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or 
more members of the Board or one or more officers of the Company the 
authority to grant or amend Awards or to take other administrative actions 
pursuant to Section 3(a); provided, however, that in no event shall an 
officer of the Company be delegated the authority to grant awards to, or 
amend awards held by, the following individuals: (i) individuals who are 
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or (ii) officers of the Company 
(or Directors) to whom authority to grant or amend Awards has been 
delegated hereunder; provided, further, that any delegation of 
administrative authority shall only be permitted to the extent that it is 
permissible under applicable provisions of the Code and applicable 
securities laws and the rules of any securities exchange on which the Units 
are listed, quoted or traded. Any delegation hereunder shall be subject to 
such restrictions and limitations as the Board or Committee, as applicable, 
specifies at the time of such delegation, and the Board or Committee, as 
applicable, may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a 
new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 
3(b) shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Board and the 
Committee.

SECTION 4. Units.

(a) Limits on Units Deliverable. Subject to adjustment as provided in 
Section 4(c), the number of Units that may be delivered with respect to 
Awards under the Plan is [             (            )]. If any Award is 
forfeited, cancelled, exercised, paid, or otherwise terminates or expires 
without the actual delivery of Units pursuant to such Award (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the grant of Restricted Units is not a delivery of 
Units for this purpose unless and until such Restricted Units vest and any 
restrictions placed upon them under the Plan lapse, provided, however, that 
Restricted Units granted under the Plan that are forfeited by the recipient 
thereof after the 10th anniversary of the effective date of the Plan shall 
not be added back to the number of Units that may be delivered under the 
Plan), the Units subject to such Award that are not actually delivered 
pursuant to such Award shall again be available for Awards under the Plan. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and securities exchange rules, 
Substitute Awards and Units issued in assumption of, or in substitution 
for, any outstanding awards of any entity (including an existing Affiliate 
of the Partnership) that is (or whose securities are) acquired in any form 
by the Partnership or any Affiliate thereof shall not be counted against 
the Units available for issuance pursuant to the Plan. There shall not be 
any limitation on the number of Awards that may be paid in cash.

(b) Sources of Units Deliverable Under Awards. Any Units delivered pursuant 
to an Award shall consist, in whole or in part, of Units acquired in the 
open market, from the Partnership, any Affiliate thereof or any other 
Person, or Units otherwise issuable by the Partnership, or any combination 
of the foregoing, as determined by the Committee in its discretion with the 
Partnership being responsible for any costs associated with the Units, 
unless otherwise determined by the Committee.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Anti-dilution Adjustments.

(i) Equity Restructuring. With respect to any equity restructuring event 
(within the meaning of ASC Topic 718) that could result in an additional 
compensation expense to the Company or the Partnership or any of their 
Affiliates pursuant to the provisions of ASC Topic 718 if adjustments to 
Awards with respect to such event were discretionary, the Committee shall 
equitably adjust the number and type of Units covered by each outstanding 
Award and the terms and conditions, including the exercise price and 
performance criteria (if any), of such Award to equitably reflect such 
event and shall adjust the number and type of Units (or other securities or 
property) with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan after 
such event. With respect to any other similar event that would not result 
in an ASC Topic 718 accounting charge if the adjustment to Awards with 
respect to such event were subject to discretionary action, the Committee 
shall have complete discretion to adjust Awards and the number and type of 
Units (or other securities or property) with respect to which Awards may be 
granted under the Plan in such manner as it deems appropriate with respect 
to such other event.

(ii) Other Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any non-cash 
distribution, Unit split, combination or exchange of Units, merger, 
consolidation or distribution (other than normal cash distributions) of 
Partnership assets to unitholders, or any other change affecting the Units 
of the Partnership, other than an equity restructuring, the Committee may 
make equitable adjustments, if any, to reflect such change with respect to 
(A) the aggregate number and kind of Units that may be issued under the 
Plan; (B) the number and kind of Units (or other securities or property) 
subject to outstanding Awards; (C) the terms and conditions of any 
outstanding Awards (including, without limitation, any applicable 
performance targets or criteria with respect thereto); and (D) the grant or 
exercise price per Unit for any outstanding Awards under the Plan.

SECTION 5. Eligibility.

Any Employee, Consultant or Director shall be eligible to be designated a 
Participant and receive an Award under the Plan.

SECTION 6. Awards.

(a) Options and UARs. The Committee shall have the authority to determine 
the Employees, Consultants and Directors to whom Options and/or UARs shall 
be granted, the number of Units to be covered by each Option or UAR, the 
exercise price therefor, the Restricted Period and other conditions and 
limitations applicable to the exercise of the Option or UAR, including the 
following terms and conditions and such additional terms and conditions, as 
the Committee shall determine, that are not inconsistent with the 
provisions of the Plan. Options which are intended to comply with Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(A) and UARs which are intended to 
comply with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(B) or, in each 
case, any successor regulation, may be granted only if the requirements of 
Treasury Regulation
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii), or any successor regulation, are satisfied. 
Options and UARs that are otherwise exempt from or compliant with Section 
409A may be granted to any eligible Employee, Consultant or Director.

(i) Exercise Price. The exercise price per Unit purchasable under an Option 
or subject to a UAR shall be determined by the Committee at the time the 
Option or UAR is granted but, except with respect to a Substitute Award, 
may not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Unit as of the date of 
grant of the Option or UAR.

(ii) Time and Method of Exercise. The Committee shall determine the 
exercise terms and any applicable Restricted Period with respect to an 
Option or UAR, which may include, without limitation, provisions for 
accelerated vesting upon the achievement of specified performance goals 
and/or other events, and the method or methods by which payment of the 
exercise price with respect to an Option or UAR may be made or deemed to 
have been made, which may include, without limitation, cash, check 
acceptable to the Company, withholding Units having a Fair Market Value on 
the exercise date equal to the relevant exercise price from the Award, a 
cashless exercise through procedures approved by the Company, or any 
combination of the foregoing methods.

(iii) Exercise of Options and UARs on Termination of Service. Each Option 
and UAR Award Agreement shall set forth the extent to which the Participant 
shall have the right to exercise the Option or UAR following a termination 
of the Participants Service. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, 
if the Participants Service is terminated for Cause, the Participants 
right to exercise the Option or UAR shall terminate as of the start of 
business on the effective date of the Participants termination. Unless 
otherwise determined by the Committee, to the extent the Option or UAR is 
not vested and exercisable as of the termination of Service, the Option or 
UAR shall terminate when the Participants Service terminates.

(iv) Term of Options and UARs. The term of each Option and UAR shall be 
stated in the Award Agreement, provided, that the term shall be no more 
than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof.

(b) Restricted Units and Phantom Units. The Committee shall have the 
authority to determine the Employees, Consultants and Directors to whom 
Restricted Units and/or Phantom Units shall be granted, the number of 
Restricted Units or Phantom Units to be granted to each such Participant, 
the applicable Restricted Period, the conditions under which the Restricted 
Units or Phantom Units may become vested or forfeited and such other terms 
and conditions, including, without limitation, restrictions on 
transferability, as the Committee may establish with respect to such 
Awards.

(i) Payment of Phantom Units. The Committee shall specify, or permit the 
Participant to elect in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, 
the conditions and dates or events upon which the cash or Units underlying 
an award of Phantom Units shall be issued, which dates or events shall not 
be earlier than the date on which the
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Phantom Units vest and become nonforfeitable and which conditions and dates 
or events shall be intended to be compliant with Section 409A (unless the 
Phantom Units are exempt therefrom).

(ii) Vesting of Restricted Units. Upon or as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the vesting of each Restricted Unit, subject to satisfying the 
tax withholding obligations of Section 8(b), the Participant shall be 
entitled to have the restrictions removed from his or her Unit certificate 
(or book-entry account, as applicable) so that the Participant then holds 
an unrestricted Unit.

(c) DERs. The Committee shall have the authority to determine the 
Employees, Consultants and/or Directors to whom DERs are granted, whether 
such DERs are tandem or separate Awards, whether the DERs shall be paid 
directly to the Participant, be credited to a bookkeeping account (with or 
without interest in the discretion of the Committee), any vesting 
restrictions and payment provisions applicable to the DERs, and such other 
provisions or restrictions as determined by the Committee in its 
discretion, all of which shall be specified in the applicable Award 
Agreements. Distributions in respect of DERs shall be credited as of the 
distribution dates during the period between the date an Award is granted 
to a Participant and the date such Award vests, is exercised, is 
distributed or expires, as determined by the Committee. Such DERs shall be 
converted to cash, Units, Restricted Units and/or Phantom Units by such 
formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be 
determined by the Committee. Tandem DERs may be subject to the same or 
different vesting restrictions as the tandem Award, or be subject to such 
other provisions or restrictions as determined by the Committee in its 
discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, DERs shall only be paid in a 
manner that is intended to be either exempt from or in compliance with 
Section 409A.

(d) Unit Awards. Awards of Units may be granted under the Plan (i) to such 
Employees, Consultants and/or Directors and in such amounts as the 
Committee, in its discretion, may select, and (ii) subject to such other 
terms and conditions, including, without limitation, restrictions on 
transferability, as the Committee may establish with respect to such 
Awards.

(e) Profits Interest Units. Any Award consisting of Profits Interest Units 
may be granted to an Employee, Consultant or Director for the performance 
of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership (i) in the 
Participants capacity as a partner of the Partnership, (ii) in 
anticipation of the Participant becoming a partner of the Partnership, or 
(iii) as otherwise determined by the Committee. At the time of grant, the 
Committee shall specify the date or dates on which the Profits Interest 
Units shall vest and become nonforfeitable, and may specify such conditions 
to vesting as it deems appropriate. Profits Interest Units shall be subject 
to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the 
Committee may impose.

(f) Other Unit-Based Awards. Other Unit-Based Awards may be granted under 
the Plan to such Employees, Consultants and/or Directors as the Committee, 
in its discretion, may select. An Other Unit-Based Award shall be an award 
denominated or payable in, valued in or otherwise based on or related to 
Units, in whole or in part. The Committee shall determine the terms and 
conditions of any Other Unit-Based Award. Upon vesting, an Other Unit-Based 
Award may be paid in cash, Units (including Restricted Units) or any 
combination thereof as provided in the Award Agreement.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Substitute Awards. Awards may be granted under the Plan in substitution 
of similar awards held by individuals who are or who become Employees, 
Consultants or Directors in connection with a merger, consolidation or 
acquisition by the Partnership or an Affiliate of another entity or the 
securities or assets of another entity (including in connection with the 
acquisition by the Partnership or one of its Affiliates of additional 
securities of an entity that is an existing Affiliate of the Partnership). 
Such Substitute Awards that are Options or UARs may have exercise prices 
less than the Fair Market Value of a Unit on the date of the substitution 
if such substitution complies with Section 409A and other applicable laws 
and securities exchange rules.

(h) General.

(i) Award Agreements. Each Award shall be evidenced in writing in an Award 
Agreement that shall reflect any vesting conditions or restrictions imposed 
by the Committee covering a period of time specified by the Committee and 
shall also contain such other terms, conditions and limitations as shall be 
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Where signature or 
electronic acceptance of the Award Agreement by the Participant is 
required, any such Awards for which the Award Agreement is not signed or 
electronically accepted shall be forfeited.

(ii) Forfeitures. Except as otherwise provided in the terms of an Award 
Agreement, upon termination of a Participants Service for any reason 
during an applicable Restricted Period, all outstanding, unvested Awards 
held by such Participant shall be automatically forfeited by the 
Participant. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, the 
Committee may, in its discretion, waive in whole or in part such forfeiture 
with respect to any such Award.

(iii) Awards May Be Granted Separately or Together. Awards may, in the 
discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to, in 
tandem with, or in substitution for any other Award granted under the Plan 
or any award granted under any other plan of the Company or any Affiliate 
thereof. Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards or 
awards granted under any other plan of the Company or any Affiliate thereof 
may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the 
grant of such other Awards or awards.

(iv) Limits on Transfer of Awards.

(A) Except as provided in paragraph (C) below, each Option and UAR shall be 
exercisable only by the Participant (or the Participants legal 
representative in the case of the Participants Disability or 
incapacitation) during the Participants lifetime, or by the person to whom 
the Participants rights shall pass by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) Except as provided in paragraph (C) below, no Award and no right under 
any such Award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or 
otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Participant other than by will or 
the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, 
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void 
and unenforceable against the Company, the Partnership or any Affiliate of 
either of the foregoing.

(C) The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement or in its discretion 
that an Award may, on such terms and conditions as the Committee may from 
time to time establish, be transferred by a Participant without 
consideration to any family member of the Participant, as defined in the 
instructions to use of the Form S-8 Registration Statement under the 
Securities Act, as applicable, or any other transferee specifically 
approved by the Committee after taking into account any state, federal, 
local or foreign tax and securities laws applicable to transferable Awards. 
In addition, vested Units may be transferred to the extent permitted by the 
Partnership Agreement and not otherwise prohibited by the Award Agreement 
or any other agreement or policy restricting the transfer of such Units.

(v) Term of Awards. Subject to Section 6(a)(iv) above, the term of each 
Award, if any, shall be for such period as may be determined by the 
Committee.

(vi) Unit Certificates. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee or 
required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, neither the Company nor 
the Partnership shall deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing 
Units issued in connection with any Award and instead such Units shall be 
recorded in the books of the Partnership (or, as applicable, its transfer 
agent or equity plan administrator). All certificates for Units or other 
securities of the Partnership delivered under the Plan and all Units issued 
pursuant to book entry procedures pursuant to any Award or the exercise 
thereof shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other 
restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the 
rules, regulations, and/or other requirements of the SEC, any securities 
exchange upon which such Units or other securities are then listed, and any 
applicable federal or state laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or 
legends to be inscribed on any such certificates or book entry to make 
appropriate reference to such restrictions.

(vii) Consideration for Grants. To the extent permitted by applicable law, 
Awards may be granted for such consideration, including services, as the 
Committee shall determine.

(viii) Delivery of Units or other Securities and Payment by Participant of 
Consideration. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement 
to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any 
certificates or make any book entries evidencing Units pursuant to the 
exercise or vesting of any Award, unless and until the Board or the 
Committee has determined, with advice of counsel, that the issuance of such 
Units is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
governmental authorities and, if applicable, the requirements of any 
securities exchange on which the Units are listed or traded, and the Units 
are covered by an effective registration statement or applicable exemption 
from registration. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, 
the Board or the Committee may require that a Participant make such 
reasonable covenants, agreements, and representations as the Board or the 
Committee, in its discretion, deems advisable in order to comply with any 
such laws, regulations, or requirements. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, the delivery of Units pursuant to the exercise or vesting of 
an Award may be deferred for any period during which, in the good faith 
determination of the Committee, the Company is not reasonably able to 
obtain or deliver Units pursuant to such Award without violating applicable 
law or the applicable rules or regulations of any governmental agency or 
authority or securities exchange. No Units or other securities shall be 
delivered pursuant to any Award until payment in full of any amount 
required to be paid pursuant to the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement 
(including, without limitation, any exercise price or tax withholding) is 
received by the Company.

SECTION 7. Amendment and Termination; Certain Transactions.

Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law:

(a) Amendments to the Plan. Except as required by applicable law or the 
rules of the principal securities exchange, if any, on which the Units are 
traded and subject to Section 7(b) below, the Board or the Committee may 
amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan in any manner at 
any time for any reason or for no reason without the consent of any 
partner, Participant, other holder or beneficiary of an Award, or any other 
Person. The Board shall obtain securityholder approval of any Plan 
amendment to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or 
securities exchange listing standards or rules.

(b) Amendments to Awards. Subject to Section 7(a) above, the Committee may 
waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter any 
Award theretofore granted, provided that no change, other than pursuant to 
Section 7(c) below, in any Award shall materially reduce the rights or 
benefits of a Participant with respect to an Award without the consent of 
such Participant.

(c) Actions Upon the Occurrence of Certain Events. Upon the occurrence of a 
Change in Control, any transaction or event described in Section 4(c) 
above, any change in applicable laws or regulations affecting the Plan or 
Awards hereunder, or any change in accounting principles affecting the 
financial statements of the Company or the Partnership, the Committee, in 
its sole discretion, without the consent of any Participant or holder of an 
Award, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, which need 
not be uniform with respect to all Participants or all Awards, may take any 
one or more of the following actions:

(i) provide for either (A) the termination of any Award in exchange for a 
payment in an amount, if any, equal to the amount that would have been 
attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the 
Participants rights under such Award (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if 
as of the date of the occurrence of such transaction or
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
event, the Committee determines in good faith that no amount would have 
been payable upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the 
Participants rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company 
without payment) or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or 
property selected by the Committee in its sole discretion having an 
aggregate value not exceeding the amount that could have been attained upon 
the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participants rights had 
such Award been currently exercisable or payable or fully vested;

(ii) provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor 
entity, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or be exchanged for similar 
options, rights or awards covering the equity of the successor or survivor, 
or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the 
number and kind of equity interests and prices;

(iii) make adjustments in the number and type of Units (or other securities 
or property) subject to outstanding Awards, the number and kind of 
outstanding Awards, the terms and conditions of (including the exercise 
price), and/or the vesting and performance criteria included in, 
outstanding Awards;

(iv) provide that such Award shall vest or become exercisable or payable, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the applicable 
Award Agreement; and

(v) provide that the Award cannot be exercised or become payable after such 
event and shall terminate upon such event.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) with respect to an above event that 
constitutes an equity restructuring that would be subject to a 
compensation expense pursuant to ASC Topic 718, the provisions in Section 
4(c) above shall control to the extent they are in conflict with the 
discretionary provisions of this Section 7, provided, however, that nothing 
in this Section 7(c) or Section 4(c) above shall be construed as providing 
any Participant or any beneficiary of an Award any rights with respect to 
the time value, economic opportunity or intrinsic value of an Award 
or limiting in any manner the Committees actions that may be taken with 
respect to an Award as set forth in this Section 7 or in Section 4(c) 
above; and (ii) no action shall be taken under this Section 7 which shall 
cause an Award to result in taxation under Section 409A, to the extent 
applicable to such Award.

SECTION 8. General Provisions.

(a) No Rights to Award. No Person shall have any claim to be granted any 
Award under the Plan, and there is no obligation for uniformity of 
treatment of Participants, including the treatment upon termination of 
Service or pursuant to Section 7(c). The terms and conditions of Awards 
need not be the same with respect to each recipient.

(b) Tax Withholding. Unless other arrangements have been made that are 
acceptable to the Company in its sole discretion, the Company or any 
Affiliate thereof is authorized to deduct or withhold, or cause to be 
deducted or withheld, (i) from any Award, (ii) from any
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
payment due or transfer made under any Award or (iii) from any compensation 
or other amount owing to a Participant the amount of any applicable taxes 
required to be withheld by the Company or any Affiliate in respect of an 
Award, including taxes required to be withheld in connection with its 
grant, its exercise, the lapse of restrictions thereon or any payment or 
transfer thereunder or under the Plan, and to take such other action as may 
be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy its withholding 
obligations for the payment of such taxes. The Company or any Affiliate may 
withhold cash or Units, including Units that would otherwise be issued 
pursuant to such Award or other property. In the event that Units that 
would otherwise be issued pursuant to an Award are used to satisfy such 
withholding obligations, the number of Units so withheld or surrendered 
shall be limited to the number of Units that have a Fair Market Value on 
the date of withholding equal to the aggregate amount of the Companys or 
any Affiliates withholding obligation based on the minimum applicable 
statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income 
tax and payroll tax purposes.

(c) No Right to Employment or Services. The grant of an Award shall not be 
construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of 
the Company, the Partnership or any of their Affiliates, or to continue to 
serve as a Consultant or a Director, as applicable. Furthermore, the 
Company, the Partnership and/or an Affiliate thereof may at any time 
dismiss a Participant from employment or consulting free from any liability 
or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in the 
Plan, any Award Agreement or other written agreement between any such 
entity and the Participant.

(d) No Rights as Unitholder. Except as otherwise provided herein, a 
Participant shall have none of the rights of a unitholder with respect to 
Units covered by any Award unless and until the Participant becomes the 
record owner of such Units.

(e) Section 409A. To the extent that the Committee determines that any 
Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A, the Award 
Agreement evidencing such Award shall be drafted with the intention to 
include the terms and conditions required by Section 409A. To the extent 
applicable, the Plan and Award Agreements shall be interpreted in 
accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to 
the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Date (as defined in 
Section 9 below), the Committee determines that any Award may be subject to 
Section 409A, the Committee may adopt such amendments to the Plan and the 
applicable Award Agreement, adopt other policies and procedures (including 
amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), and/or take 
any other actions that the Committee determines are necessary or 
appropriate to attempt to preserve the intended tax treatment of the Award, 
including without limitation, actions intended to (i) exempt the Award from 
Section 409A, or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A; 
provided, however, that nothing herein shall create any obligation on the 
part of the Committee, the Partnership, the Company or any of their 
Affiliates to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any 
such other action, nor shall the Committee, the Partnership, the Company or 
any of their Affiliates have any liability for failing to do so. If any 
termination of Service constitutes a payment event with respect to any 
Award which provides for the deferral of compensation and is subject to 
Section 409A, such termination of Service must also constitute a 
separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. 
Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contrary, the time of payment with respect to any Award that is subject to 
Section 409A shall not be accelerated, except as permitted under Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4). Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Plan to the contrary, if a Participant is a specified employee within the 
meaning of Section 409A as of the date of such Participants termination of 
Service and the Company determines that immediate payment of any amounts or 
benefits under this Plan would cause a violation of Section 409A, then any 
amounts or benefits which are payable under this Plan upon the 
Participants separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A 
that: (i) are subject to the provisions of Section 409A; (ii) are not 
otherwise exempt under Section 409A; and (iii) would otherwise be payable 
during the first six-month period following such separation from service, 
shall be paid, without interest, on the first business day following the 
earlier of: (1) the date that is six months and one day following the date 
of termination; or (2) the date of the Participants death. Each payment or 
amount due to a Participant under this Plan shall be considered a separate 
payment, and a Participants entitlement to a series of payments under this 
Plan is to be treated as an entitlement to a series of separate payments.

(f) Lock-Up Agreement. Each Participant shall agree, if so requested by the 
Company or the Partnership and any underwriter in connection with any 
public offering of securities of the Partnership or any Affiliate, not to 
directly or indirectly offer, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or 
contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any 
option, right or warrant for the sale of or otherwise dispose of or 
transfer any Units held by it for such period, not to exceed one hundred 
eighty (180) days following the effective date of the relevant registration 
statement filed under the Securities Act in connection with such public 
offering, as such underwriter shall specify reasonably and in good faith. 
The Company or the Partnership may impose stop-transfer instructions with 
respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end 
of such 180-day period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 180-day period 
may be extended for up to such number of additional days as is deemed 
necessary by such underwriter or the Company or Partnership to continue 
coverage by research analysts in accordance with FINRA Rule 2711 or any 
successor rule.

(g) Compliance with Laws. The Plan, the granting and vesting of Awards 
under the Plan and the issuance and delivery of Units and the payment of 
money under the Plan or under Awards granted or awarded hereunder are 
subject to compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign 
laws, rules and regulations (including but not limited to state, federal 
and foreign securities law and margin requirements), the rules of any 
securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Units are 
listed, quoted or traded, and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory 
or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company 
or the Partnership, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. Any 
securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, 
and the Person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company 
or the Partnership, provide such assurances and representations to the 
Company or the Partnership as the Company or the Partnership may deem 
necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal 
requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and 
Awards granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent 
necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. In the event an 
Award is granted to or held by a Participant who is employed or providing 
services
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
outside the United States, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, 
modify the provisions of the Plan or of such Award as they pertain to such 
Participant to comply with applicable foreign law or to recognize 
differences in local law, currency or tax policy. The Committee may also 
impose conditions on the grant, issuance, exercise, vesting, settlement or 
retention of Awards in order to comply with such foreign law and/or to 
minimize the Companys or the Partnerships obligations with respect to tax 
equalization for Participants employed outside their home country.

(h) Governing Law. The validity, construction, and effect of the Plan and 
any rules and regulations relating to the Plan shall be determined in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its 
conflicts of laws principles.

(i) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award is or becomes, 
or is deemed to be, invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction 
or as to any Person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award 
under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be 
construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable law or, if it 
cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the 
Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such 
provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, Person or Award and 
the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and 
effect.

(j) Other Laws. The Committee may refuse to issue or transfer any Units or 
other consideration under an Award if, in its sole discretion, it 
determines that the issuance or transfer of such Units or such other 
consideration might violate any applicable law or regulation, the rules of 
the principal securities exchange on which the Units are then traded, or 
entitle the Partnership or an Affiliate to recover the same under Section 
16(b) of the Exchange Act, and any payment tendered to the Company by a 
Participant, other holder or beneficiary in connection with the exercise of 
such Award shall be promptly refunded to the relevant Participant, holder 
or beneficiary.

(k) No Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create 
or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a 
fiduciary relationship between the Company, the Partnership or any of their 
Affiliates, on the one hand, and a Participant or any other Person, on the 
other hand. To the extent that any Person acquires a right to receive 
payments pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the 
right of any general unsecured creditor of the Company or any participating 
Affiliate of the Company.

(l) No Fractional Units. No fractional Units shall be issued or delivered 
pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine 
whether cash, other securities, or other property shall be paid or 
transferred in lieu of any fractional Units or whether such fractional 
Units or any rights thereto shall be canceled, terminated, or otherwise 
eliminated.

(m) Headings. Headings are given to the Sections and subsections of the 
Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall 
not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or 
interpretation of the Plan or any provision hereof.
 
-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(n) No Guarantee of Tax Consequences. None of the Board, the Committee, the 
Company or the Partnership provides or has provided any tax advice to any 
Participant or any other Person or makes or has made any assurance, 
commitment or guarantee that any federal, state, local or other tax 
treatment will (or will not) apply or be available to any Participant or 
other Person and assumes no liability with respect to any tax or associated 
liabilities to which any Participant or other Person may be subject.

(o) Clawback. To the extent required by applicable law or any applicable 
securities exchange listing standards, or as otherwise determined by the 
Committee, Awards and amounts paid or payable pursuant to or with respect 
to Awards shall be subject to the provisions of any clawback policy 
implemented by the Company, the Partnership or any of their Affiliates, 
which clawback policy may provide for forfeiture, repurchase and/or 
recoupment of Awards and amounts paid or payable pursuant to or with 
respect to Awards. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan or any Award 
Agreement to the contrary, the Company, the Partnership and their 
Affiliates reserve the right, without the consent of any Participant, to 
adopt any such clawback policies and procedures, including such policies 
and procedures applicable to this Plan or any Award Agreement with 
retroactive effect.

(p) Unit Retention Policy. The Committee may provide in its sole and 
absolute discretion, subject to applicable law, that any Units received by 
a Participant in connection with an Award granted hereunder shall be 
subject to a unit ownership, unit retention or other policy restricting the 
sale or transfer of units, as the Committee may determine to adopt, amend 
or terminate in its sole discretion from time to time.

(q) Limitation of Liability. No member of the Board or the Committee or 
Employee to whom the Board or the Committee has delegated authority in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 3 of this Plan shall be liable 
for anything done or omitted to be done by him or her by any member of the 
Board or the Committee or by any Employee in connection with the 
performance of any duties under this Plan, except for his or her own 
willful misconduct or as expressly provided by statute.

(r) Facility Payment. Any amounts payable hereunder to any Person under 
legal disability or who, in the judgment of the Committee, is unable to 
manage properly his or her financial affairs, may be paid to the legal 
representative of such Person, or may be applied for the benefit of such 
Person in any manner that the Committee may select, and the Partnership, 
the Company and all of their Affiliates shall be relieved of any further 
liability for payment of such amounts.

SECTION 9. Term of the Plan.

The Plan shall be effective on the date on which the Plan is adopted by the 
Board (the Effective Date) and shall continue until the date terminated 
by the Board. However, any Award granted prior to such termination, and the 
authority of the Board or the Committee to amend, alter, adjust, suspend, 
discontinue, or terminate any such Award or to waive any conditions or 
rights under such Award, shall extend beyond such termination date. The 
Plan shall, within twelve (12) months after the date of the Boards initial 
adoption of the Plan, be submitted for approval by a majority of the 
outstanding Units of the Partnership entitled to vote.
 
-17-