 EX-10 17 filename17.htm
Exhibit 10.15

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions


JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made as of the 22nd day of September, 
2016, by and between SunGen Pharma LLC (SunGen DBA Peterson 
Pharmaceutical), a New Jersey limited liability company, with its 
principal office and place of business at 303C College Road East, 
Princeton, NJ 08540 (SunGen), and Athenex Pharmaceutical Division which 
is a division of Athenex, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal 
office and place of business at Conventus Building, 1001 Main Street, Suite 
600, Buffalo, NY 14203 (Athenex) (each a Party, and collectively, the 
Parties).

WHEREAS SunGen is a specialty pharmaceutical company which develops, 
contract manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical finished products;

WHEREAS Athenex is a global innovative pharmaceutical company focused on 
the development and commercialization of next generation therapies;

WHEREAS the Parties wish to join together in a joint venture for the 
purpose of developing and commercializing certain human Rx, including 
503(b) compounding, pharmaceutical products;

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, in consideration of the mutual covenants, 
promises, warranties and other good and valuable consideration set forth 
herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Formation. The joint venture formed pursuant to this Agreement (the 
Joint Venture) shall do business under the name Peterson Athenex 
Pharmaceuticals, LLC, which the parties expect shall be formed as a 
Delaware limited liability company by Oct 15, 2016, and shall have its 
legal address at 303C College Road East, Princeton, NJ 08540. Athenex will 
generate the initial drafts of the limited liability company formation 
documents for the Joint Venture (the Joint Venture Documents) for review 
by Sungen by no later than September 30th. The parties agree to review and 
negotiate the definitive terms of such documents in good faith and in a 
timely fashion following delivery of the draft documents to Sungen; 
provided, however, that the parties will not be bound to the terms of such 
documents until they are mutually approved. SunGen will own 51% and Athenex 
will own 49% shares of stock of the Joint Venture. A bank account in the 
name of the Joint Venture shall be established, into which the financial 
contributions of the Parties shall be deposited, for use in the set-up, 
operation, and administration of the Joint Venture. The Joint Venture shall 
be considered in all respects a joint venture between the Parties, and 
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a partnership or any 
other fiduciary relationship between the Parties.

2. Purpose. The Joint Venture shall be formed for the purpose of 
development, marketing and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, 
initially, Terbutaline Sulfate Injectable and Lincomycin HC1 Injectable. No 
limit is set on the number of products that might be added to the JV in the 
future.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Contributions.

3.1 The sales and marketing of two drug products, namely Terbutaline 
Sulfate Injectable and Lincomycin HC1 injectable, shall be placed initially 
into the JV. The Parties shall each make an initial contribution to the 
Joint Venture according to the following terms, upon the reaching of mutual 
agreement between the parties with respect to the final form of the Joint 
Venture Documents:
 
  	a. 	SunGens Contribution: Five year exclusive human Rx sales right in 
the US, Canada and Mexico for FDA approved abbreviated new drug application 
(ANDA) of Terbutaline Sulfate drug product; manufacture of commercial 
batches of the Terbutaline Sulfate drug product; Exclusive human Rx sales 
right in the US for Lincomycin injectable products ANDA owned by SunGen; 
development of ANDA of Lincomycin injectable drug products, 2 mL Vials  
NDC 0009-0555-01 and 10 mL Vials  NDC 0009-0555-02, and submission of the 
ANDA for FDA approval, and manufacture of commercial batches of the 
Lincomycin drug products upon approval of the ANDA by FDA; and Licomycin 
API, formulation and processes to be used for the sole purpose for the 
joint 503(b) compounding business with Athenex.
 
  	b. 	Athenexs Contribution: Manufacturing costs of the Terbutaline 
Sulfate drug product; Athenexs portion of the development and manufacture 
and associated costs of Lincomycin injectable drug products, which is 
$375,000, of which the initial $*** shall be paid by Athenex to SunGen upon 
signing of the reaching of mutual agreement between the parties with 
respect to the final form of the Joint Venture Agreements; milestone 
payments according to Exhibit B; marketing and sales of the Terbutaline 
drug product and Lincomycin injectable drug products, including 503(b) 
products, into the U.S. human health market; Lincomycin 503(b) products 
manufactured by Athenex (manufacture of the 503(b) products shall stop when 
Lincomycin ANDA is approved by FDA, and Athenex shall return all know-how, 
formula, process, analytical methods, trade-secrets and other related 
Intellectual Property to SunGen); sales and marketing expenses (5-10% 
treated as sales expense of JV).

3.2 The sales and marketing of ANDA products of SunGen or SunGen partners 
will be evaluated by Athenex and agreed to by both Parties on the 
valuation/milestone payments/profit sharing, and the exclusive human Rx 
sales rights will be placed into JV, if agreement is reached. Athenex and 
its affiliates shall not, directly or indirectly, compete with SUNGEN by 
engaging in the development or assist the development of, manufacture, 
market, promote, use, license, distribute, sell, have sold, import, export, 
make or have made any drug or other product which is a generic version of 
the Terbutaline or Lincomycin, without SUNGENs prior written consent. 
Athenex shall make purchase orders from SunGen of the drug products once 
they are entered into the JV and have been approved by the FDA. All drug 
products to be sold by the JV shall be labeled Peterson Athenex in 
conjunction with the Peterson Logo. The JV shall have the exclusive 
rights to sell the products into the US human Rx business, while SunGen and 
its partners shall hold the ANDA ownership.
 
  	a. 	Upon the reaching of mutual agreement between the parties with 
respect to the final form of the Joint Venture Documents, Athenex shall 
place the first purchase order of at least one (1) full batch of 
Terbutaline drug product from SunGen according to Exhibit A.
 
  	b. 	Upon approval of ANDA for Lincomycin Injectable drug product by the 
FDA, Athenex shall place purchase orders for the drug product from SunGen 
within 3 months after the ANDA approval.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Distribution of Profits. The Joint Venture Documents shall specify that 
any and all net profits accruing to the Joint Venture shall be held and 
distributed to the Parties in equal shares, i.e., split equally (50/50) 
between SunGen and Athenex, except for the sale of Terbutaline Injectable, 
where the profit shall be split 75/25 between SunGen and Athenex, 
respectively. For profit calculation purpose, 5-10% of sales and marketing 
costs actually spent by Athenex on the sale of products shall be taken into 
account as the costs of JV in the Joint Venture Documents.

5. Management. The Joint Venture Documents shall specify that the JV LLC 
shall be managed by a Board of Directors comprised of four (4) Directors, 
two of whom shall be appointed by SunGen, including the Chairperson of the 
Board, and the other two by Athenex, and shall specify the following 
additional terms, in addition to other terms and provisions to be set forth 
therein.

5.1 The Board shall appoint Mr. Jeff Yordon as the initial Chief Executive 
Officer in charge of daily operations of the JV.

5.2 Board meetings shall be held quarterly either in person or by 
teleconference after results of sales for that quarter become available.

5.3 Decisions on the following matters will need approval by the Board with 
60% of voting rights:
 
  	a. 	Sale of Assets or Stock of JV
 
  	b. 	Sale or dissolution of the JV
 
  	c. 	Profit distributions, including changes in splitting
 
  	d. 	Hiring of JV Employees
 
  	e. 	Tax treatment of distributions or profits
 
  	f. 	Hiring of accountants, lawyers or consultants
 
  	g. 	Spending on JV items
 
  	h. 	Sales or Marketing plans or strategies
 
  	i. 	Placement of additional products either acquired or developed into 
the JV
 
  	j. 	Other items mutually negotiated and agreed upon.

6. No Exclusivity. Neither Party shall be obligated to offer any business 
opportunities or to conduct business exclusively with the other Party by 
virtue of this Agreement.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Term. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for a period 
of ninety nine (99) years from the date of this Agreement (the Initial 
Term) or until and unless both parties agree to dissolve in writing. At 
any time, this Agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of the 
Parties, as provided in Section 9, or in the event of a parties breach of 
the terms of this Agreement or the Joint Venture Documents which is not 
cured within 20 business days following delivery of written notice. If this 
Agreement either expires or is terminated, the parties agree that the Joint 
Venture entity shall be terminated, dissolved and liquidated as well, and 
all Parties obligations under this Agreement with respect to the operation 
and administration of the Joint Venture shall no longer have force or 
effect.

8. Confidentiality. Any information pertaining to either Partys business 
to which the other Party is exposed as a result of the relationship 
contemplated by this Agreement shall be considered to be Confidential 
Information. Neither Party may disclose any Confidential Information to 
any person or entity, except as required by law, without the express 
written consent of the affected Party.

9. Further Actions. As provided herein, the Parties hereby agree to execute 
any further documents and to take any necessary actions to complete the 
formation of the Joint Venture; provided, however, that if the parties are 
unable to mutually agree upon to the terms of the definitive Joint Venture 
Documents by October 15th, then either party shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement.

10. Assignment. Neither Party may assign or transfer their respective 
rights or obligations under this Agreement without prior written consent 
from the other Party. Except that if the assignment or transfer is pursuant 
to a sale of all or substantially all of a Partys assets, a merger, a sale 
of a controlling interest of its stock, or otherwise pursuant to a sale of 
a Partys business, then no consent shall be required.

11. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, 
and governed in all respects by, the laws of the State of New Jersey 
without regard to conflicts of law principles.

12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, 
each of which shall constitute an original and all of which, when taken 
together, shall constitute one agreement. Facsimile or scanned signatures 
shall be treated as equivalent to the original signatures.

13. Severability. If any part or parts of this Agreement shall be held 
unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of this Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is 
deemed invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, and 
if limiting such provision would make the provision valid, then such 
provision shall be deemed to be construed as so limited.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. Notice. Any notice required or otherwise given pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be in writing and mailed certified return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, or delivered by overnight delivery service, 
addressed as follows:
 
If to SunGen: 	   	Dr. Isaac Liu, Co-CEO and President
   	303C College Road East
   	Princeton, NJ 08540
If to Athenex: 	   	Mr. James Hussey
   	Executive Vice President
   	10 Martingale Road
   	Suite 203
   	Schaumburg, Illinois 60017
If to Joint Venture 	   	Dr. Isaac Liu
   	303C College Road East
   	Princeton, NJ 08540

15. Headings. The headings for section herein are for convenience only and 
shall not affect the meaning of the provisions of this Agreement.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, and after mutually agreed upon by the 
parties, the Joint Venture Agreements, constitutes the entire agreement 
between SunGen and Athenex, and supersedes any prior understanding or 
representation of any kind preceding the date of this Agreement. There are 
no other promises, conditions, understandings or other agreements, whether 
oral or written, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
the day and year first above written.
 
SunGen PharmaLLC 	  	 	  	Athesnex Pharmaceutical Division
 
Signature
  	 	  	
 
Signature
Isaac Liu
  	 	  	
 
Print Name 	  	 	  	Print Name
Co-CEO and President
  	 	  	
 
Title 	  	 	  	Title
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A


Transfer Price
 
Active Ingredient
   	
Dosage Form;
Route
   	
Strength
   	
Pack Size
   	
Transfer Price/Market Share
 Terbutaline Sulfate
   	Injectable;
Injection 	   	1MG/ML 	   	10 	   	
 1. ***/vial  at Launch
 2. ***/vial  market share greater than/equal to 25% but less than 40%
 3. ***/vial  market share greater than or equal to 40%

Batch Size: 42,500 vials
Profit Split SunGen and Athenex: 75%: 25%
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

Development Costs. As compensation for the development work on Lincomycin 
Injectable, Athenex shall pay SunGen the sum of $375,000 in milestones as 
follows:
 
  	1. 	USD $*** payment shall be made upon signing of the Agreement.
 
  	2. 	USD $*** non-refundable payment shall be made upon acceptance of the 
formulation development. SunGen and its partner(s) then execute media-fill 
batches and e-batches productions. Batch records and certificates of 
conformance of E-batches will be provided once finished. Stability testing 
of the Product of E-batches will then be executed.
 
  	3. 	USD $*** non-refundable payment shall be made after successful 
6-month accelerated stability testing.
 
  	4. 	USD $*** payment shall be made upon acceptance of prepared CTD 
module II and III for ANDA submission of the Product.
 
  	5. 	USD $*** payment shall be made when FDA grants the ANDA approval of 
the Product.

These Development Costs do not include cost for Reference Listed Drug 
(RLD). Lincomycin API and materials for developments of formulation and 
analytical methods and batch productions are included in the cost.
 
3.2 	Price of Commercial Product.
 
Product
   	Price Per single vial units
 2 mL vial
   	USD ***/vial
 10 mL vial
   	USD ***/vial

2 mL Vials  NDC 0009-0555-01
10 mL Vials  NDC 0009-0555-02
8% annual GDUFA (facility) fee shall be paid by SunGen and Athenex equally 
from the year when the approval of the US ANDA occurs.
 
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.
 

7