 EX-10.1 2 exhibit10120170511.htm EXHIBIT 10.1


Execution Version


THIRD AMENDMENT TO
DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AGREEMENT


THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AGREEMENT (hereinafter 
called this “Amendment”) is dated effective as of May 11, 2017, by and 
among BREITBURN OPERATING LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Company
”), BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“Parent
”), the other Guarantors, each Lender signatory hereto, and WELLS FARGO 
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in 
such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity “
Administrative Agent”).


W I T N E S S E T H:


WHEREAS, the Company, Parent, Administrative Agent and the Lenders are 
parties to that certain Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement dated as of 
May 19, 2016 (as amended by the First Amendment to Debtor-In-Possession 
Credit Agreement effective as of December 15, 2016, and the Second 
Amendment to Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement effective as of December 
2016, the “Credit Agreement”, and as amended by this Amendment and as may 
be further amended, restated or modified from time to time, the “Amended 
Credit Agreement”), whereby upon the terms and conditions therein stated 
the Lenders have agreed to make certain loans to the Company and issue 
Letters of Credit on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
(capitalized terms used in this Amendment, and not otherwise defined in 
this Amendment, have the meanings assigned thereto in the Amended Credit 
Agreement);


WHEREAS, the Guarantors have agreed to guarantee the Obligations of the 
Company and the Company and the Guarantors have agreed to secure all of the 
Obligations by granting to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties, a Lien on substantially all of their respective assets, in 
each case, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Amended 
Credit Agreement and the Final Order;


WHEREAS, the Company requests that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
amend the Credit Agreement as set forth in Section 1 below; and


WHEREAS, subject to the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders agree to the amendments to the Credit Agreement as set forth 
herein.


NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and 
agreements herein contained, the parties to this Amendment hereby agree as 
follows:


SECTION 1.Amendments to Credit Agreement. Effective as of the Amendment 
Effective Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows:


(a)Amendments to Definitions. The definition of “Scheduled Maturity Date” 
in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
its entirety as follows:


       “Scheduled Maturity Date” means September 30, 2017.


 
1
Third Amendment

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Execution Version


SECTION 2.Guarantor Confirmation.


(a)The Guarantors hereby consent and agree to this Amendment and the 
amendment to the Credit Agreement contemplated hereby.


(b)Each of the Company and the Guarantors ratifies and confirms as of the 
date hereof its applicable debts, duties, obligations, liabilities, pledge 
of its Collateral and grant of security interests and liens in its 
Collateral, in each case, existing by virtue of the Final Order and the 
terms and provisions of the Loan Documents to which it is a party.


(c)Subject to the Chapter 11 Cases, each of the Company and the Guarantors 
agrees as of the date hereof that its applicable guarantee, pledge of its 
Collateral, grant of security interests and liens in its Collateral, and 
other obligations, and the terms of each of the Security Documents and 
Guaranties to which it is a party, are not impaired, released, diminished 
or reduced in any manner whatsoever and shall continue to be in full force 
and effect and shall continue to secure all Obligations in accordance with 
the terms of each of the Security Documents and Guaranties.


(d)Each of the Company and the Guarantors acknowledges and agrees as of the 
date hereof that all terms, provisions, and conditions of the Loan 
Documents to which it is a party (as amended by this Amendment) shall 
continue in full force and effect and shall remain enforceable and binding 
against such Person in accordance with their respective terms, subject to 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors’ 
rights generally and general equitable principles.


SECTION 3.Conditions of Effectiveness. This Amendment and the amendments 
hereunder shall become effective as of the date first set forth above (the 
“Amendment Effective Date”), provided that the following conditions shall 
have been satisfied:


(a)Amendment. The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of 
this Amendment which shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent, 
the Issuing Lender, each Lender, the Company, and the Guarantors (which may 
be by telecopy or PDF transmission as set forth in Section 8).


(b)Payment of Fees. Immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date, the 
Administrative Agent shall have received, (i) for the ratable benefit of 
each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) party to the Credit 
Agreement, a fee equal to 25bps on the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders 
party to the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment Effective 
Date, as such Commitment is in effect immediately prior to the Amendment 
Effective Date; and (ii) the fees set forth in that certain DIP Agency Fee 
Letter among the Company, the Administrative Agent and Wells Fargo 
Securities, LLC dated as of May 11, 2017.


(c)No Default; Representations and Warranties. At the time of the Amendment 
Effective Date and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment:


(i)the representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantors in 
Article VI of the Amended Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents 
as amended hereby shall be true and correct in all material respects 
(except to the extent such representations


 
2
Third Amendment

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Execution Version




and warranties expressly refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall 
be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and 
except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) 
and (b) of Section 6.14 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to 
refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) 
and (b) of Section 7.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement); and


(ii)no Default or Event of Default shall exist.


(d)Bankruptcy Court Approval. The Bankruptcy Court shall have approved this 
Amendment pursuant to an order in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent.


SECTION 4.Representations and Warranties. Each of the Company and the 
Guarantors represent and warrant to Administrative Agent and the Lenders, 
with full knowledge that such Persons are relying on the following 
representations and warranties in executing this Amendment, as follows:


(a) Subject to the Final Order and subject to any restrictions arising on 
account of any Loan Party’s status as a “debtor” under the Bankruptcy Code, 
such Loan Party has the organizational power and authority to execute, 
deliver and perform this Amendment, and all organizational action on the 
part of such Loan Party requisite for the due execution, delivery and 
performance of this Amendment has been duly and effectively taken.


(b)Subject to the Final Order, the Amended Credit Agreement, the Loan 
Documents and each and every other Loan Document executed and delivered by 
such Loan Party in connection with this Amendment constitute the legal, 
valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party, to the extent such Loan 
Party is a party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance 
with their respective terms except as enforceability may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles 
relating to enforceability.


(c)This Amendment does not and will not violate any provisions of any of 
such Loan Party’s Organization Documents.


(d)Subject to the entry of an order of the Bankruptcy Court in connection 
herewith, no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action 
by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary 
or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, 
or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Amendment other than routine 
filings related to the Loan Parties and the operation of their business and 
other than filings with the Bankruptcy Court and such other filings as may 
be necessary in connection with Lenders’ exercise of its remedies 
hereunder.


(e)Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event 
of Default will exist, and all of the representations and warranties 
contained in the Amended Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents 
are true and correct in all material respects on and as of this date 
(except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly refer 
to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all 
material respects as of such earlier date, and except that the 
representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of 
Section 6.14 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to 
the most recent


 
3
Third Amendment

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Execution Version




statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) of Section 7.01 of 
the Amended Credit Agreement).


SECTION 5.Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement.


(a)Upon the effectiveness hereof, on and after the date hereof, each 
reference in the Credit Agreement to “this Agreement,” “hereunder,” 
“hereof,” “herein,” or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference 
to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.


(b)Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and 
confirmed.


SECTION 6.Extent of Amendments. Except as amended hereby, the Credit 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents are not amended, modified or 
affected by this Amendment. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby 
ratifies and confirms that (i) except as expressly amended hereby and 
subject to the Chapter 11 Cases, all of the terms, conditions, covenants, 
representations, warranties and all other provisions of the Credit 
Agreement remain in full force and effect, (ii) each of the other Loan 
Documents are and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their 
respective terms, and (iii) the Collateral and the Liens on the Collateral 
securing the Obligations are unimpaired by this Amendment and remain in 
full force and effect.


SECTION 7.Loan Documents. The Loan Documents, as such may be amended in 
accordance herewith, are and remain legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms. 
This Amendment is a Loan Document.


SECTION 8.Execution and Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any 
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed 
to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one 
and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this 
Amendment by facsimile or pdf shall be equally as effective as delivery of 
a manually executed counterpart.


SECTION 9.Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and applicable federal 
laws of the United States of America.


SECTION 10.Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein 
for convenience and reference only and shall not constitute a part of this 
Amendment for any other purpose.


 
4
Third Amendment

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Execution Version


SECTION 11.NO ORAL AGREEMENTS. THIS WRITTEN AMENDMENT, TOGETHER WITH THE 
OTHER WRITTEN LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, REPRESENTS 
THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY 
EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE 
PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES.


SECTION 12.No Waiver. Each of the Company and Guarantors hereby agrees that 
no Event of Default or Default has been waived or remedied by the execution 
of this Amendment by the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Nothing 
contained in this Amendment nor any past indulgence by the Administrative 
Agent, Issuing Lender or any Lender, nor any other action or inaction on 
behalf of the Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender or any Lender, (i) shall 
constitute or be deemed to constitute a waiver of any Defaults or Events of 
Default which may exist under the Amended Credit Agreement or the other 
Loan Documents, or (ii) shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an 
election of remedies by the Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender or any 
Lender, or a waiver of any of the rights or remedies of the Administrative 
Agent, Issuing Lender or any Lender provided in the Amended Credit 
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise afforded at law or in 
equity.


[Signature Pages Follow]



 
5
Third Amendment

------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as 
of the day and year first above written.

                                    LOAN PARTIES:


                                    BREITBURN OPERATING LP


                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING GP LLC,
                                          its general partner


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                    BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LP


                                          By: BREITBURN GP LLC, its general
                                          partner


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                    BREITBURN GP LLC
                                    BREITBURN OPERATING GP LLC
                                    BREITBURN FINANCE CORPORATION
                                    ALAMITOS COMPANY
                                    BEAVER CREEK PIPELINE, L.L.C.
                                    PHOENIX PRODUCTION COMPANY GTG PIPELINE
                                    LLC
                                    MERCURY MICHIGAN COMPANY, LLC TERRA
                                    ENERGY COMPANY LLC
                                    TERRA PIPELINE COMPANY LLC



                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


Signature Page to Third Amendment
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                    BREITBURN MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC


                                          By: BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LP,
                                           its sole member
                                          By: BREITBURN GP LLC, its general
                                          partner


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                    BREITBURN FLORIDA LLC
                                    BREITBURN OKLAHOMA LLC
                                    BREITBURN SAWTELLE LLC 
                                    BREITBURN TRANSPETCO GP LLC
                                    BREITBURN TRANSPETCO LP LLC


                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING LP, its
                                          sole member
                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING GP LLC,
                                          its general partner


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


Signature Page to Third Amendment
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                    TRANSPETCO PIPELINE COMPANY, L.P.


                                          By: BREITBURN TRANSPETCO GP LLC, 
                                          its general partner
                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING LP, its
                                          sole member
                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING GP LLC,
                                          its general partner


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING LP, its
                                          sole member
                                          By: BREITBURN OPERATING GP LLC,
                                          its general partner


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                    QR ENERGY, LP
                                          By: QRE GP, LLC, its general
                                          partner



                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer




                                    QRE GP, LLC
                                          By: BREITBURN GP LLC, its manager


                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer




                                    QRE OPERATING, LLC
                                          By: QR ENERGY, LP, its sole
                                          member
                                          By: QRE GP, LLC, its general
                                          partner



                                    By  /s/ James G. Jackson    
                                    Name: James G. Jackson
                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer


Signature Page to Third Amendment
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                    as Administrative Agent, Swing Line
                                    Lender, Issuing Lender and as a Lender



                                    By  /s/ Michael A. Tribolet    
                                    Name: Michael A. Tribolet
                                    Title: Managing Director


Signature Page to Third Amendment
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                    CITIBANK, N.A.,
                                    as a Lender




                                    By  /s/ Brendan Mackay    
                                    Name: Brendan Mackay
                                    Title: Vice President and Director


Signature Page to Third Amendment
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                    JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
                                    as a Lender




                                    By  /s/ Matthew H. Massie    
                                    Name: Matthew H. Massie
                                    Title: Managing Director


Signature Page to Third Amendment
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                    CAPITAL ONE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                    as a Lender




                                    By  /s/ Stephen Hartman    
                                    Name: Stephen Hartman
                                    Title: Assistant Vice President




Signature Page to Third Amendment