 EX-10.3 7 d253212dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

FORM OF MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Transition Services Agreement (this Agreement) is entered 
into as of                     , 2016, by and among Hilton Worldwide 
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (HLT), Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (PK) and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (HGV). Each of HLT, PK and HGV is sometimes referred to 
herein as a Party and collectively as the Parties. Capitalized terms 
used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to 
such terms in the Distribution Agreement, entered into on the date hereof, 
by and among HLT, PK, HGV and Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (as 
such may be amended from time to time, the Distribution Agreement).


W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of HLT has determined that it is 
appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders to separate, pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Distribution Agreement, HLT into three separate, publicly traded companies, 
one for each of (i) the HLT Retained Business, which shall be owned and 
conducted, directly or indirectly, by HLT, (ii) the Ownership Business, 
which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by PK (which 
will elect to be a REIT), and (iii) the Timeshare Business, which shall be 
owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by HGV; and

WHEREAS, in order to provide for an orderly transition under the 
Distribution Agreement, each of HLT, PK and HGV desires to provide to the 
other certain services for specified periods following the Distribution 
Date, all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of 
the Parties contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Services Provided.

(a) With respect to each Service (as defined in Section 1(b)), the Party 
required to provide such Service is the Service Provider and the other 
Party is the Service Recipient. In performing the Services, Service 
Provider and each of its Affiliates shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to provide, or to ensure that any Third Party Provider (as defined 
in Section 1(b)) shall provide, the Services in the same manner, within the 
same amount of time and at the same level of service (including, as 
applicable, with respect to type, scope, frequency, quality and quantity), 
with the same degree of reasonable skill and care and with the same level 
of security and control as provided and used in providing the Services 
during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Distribution Date 
(excluding any actions taken in contemplation of the Distribution); 
provided, however, that Service Provider shall not be obligated to provide 
services that are more extensive in type, scope, frequency, quality or 
quantity than similar or comparable services provided by Service Provider 
to Service Recipient during the twelve (12) month period prior to the 
Distribution Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the 
Services are

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to be provided in a manner that does not disparately treat Service 
Recipient (or its Subsidiaries or its or their personnel or business) as 
compared to Service Providers treatment of itself (or its Affiliates or 
its or their personnel or business) in connection with the provision of a 
Self-Service (as defined in Section 2(a)(v)).

(b) During the period commencing on the Distribution Date and ending on the 
date that is two (2) years from the date hereof, unless an earlier or later 
date is otherwise specified for a Service on the services schedules hereto 
(for each such Service, such end date being herein referred to as the 
Termination Date, with such schedules being herein referred to as the 
Services Schedules), Service Provider shall provide, or shall cause one or 
more of its Affiliates or a contractor, subcontractor, vendor or other 
third-party service provider (each, a Third Party Provider) to provide, 
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the services 
described on the Services Schedules (the Services); provided, Service 
Provider shall obtain the consent of Service Recipient (not to be 
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) in the event any such 
Service is to be provided by a Third Party Provider or Affiliate if such 
Services were not provided by such Third Party Provider or Affiliate to 
Service Recipient during the twelve (12) month period prior to the 
Distribution Date; provided further, Service Provider shall remain 
primarily responsible for the performance by any such Affiliate or Third 
Party Provider of its obligations hereunder. Irrespective of whether 
Service Provider, an Affiliate or a Third Party Provider is providing a 
Service, Service Recipient may direct that any such Service be provided 
directly to Service Recipient or any other member of such Partys Group.

(c) Each Service provided hereunder shall be terminated on its applicable 
Termination Date, unless otherwise terminated earlier by Service Recipient 
pursuant to Section 11. Service Provider shall be under no obligation to 
provide a Service to Service Recipient after the Termination Date 
applicable to such Service, except to the extent otherwise agreed in 
writing by Service Provider and Service Recipient.

(d) Limitations on Services.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the 
Services Schedules, Service Provider shall have no obligation under this 
Agreement to: (1) operate the business of Service Recipient or any members 
of its Group or any portion thereof; (2) advance funds; (3) provide any 
Service to the extent that the provision of such Service would require 
Service Provider to violate any applicable Law, third-party 
confidentiality, contractual obligations or fiduciary responsibilities; (4) 
provide any Service to the extent Service Recipient has breached (or 
through its actions or omissions has caused the Service Provider to be in 
breach of or default under) any applicable obligations under, or 
requirements of, any contract or arrangement with any Third Party Provider 
(Third Party Provider Use Requirements) engaged with respect to such 
Service (provided that Service Recipient shall first be permitted to 
attempt to cure such breach or default within thirty (30) days from receipt 
of notice thereof if such breach or default is capable of being cured); (5) 
implement processes, plans or initiatives developed, acquired or utilized 
by Service Recipient after the Distribution Date except as otherwise 
agreed; (6) perform or cause to be performed any of the Services for the 
benefit
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of any third party; (7) render any Service in a particular location that 
would necessitate that Service Provider obtain any permits or regulatory 
approvals, or qualify to do business, in any location or jurisdiction other 
than the locations and jurisdictions where Service Provider does business 
or conducted business as of the date hereof; or (8) purchase, lease or 
license any physical assets or equipment, expand its facilities or incur 
long-term capital expenses.

(ii) All employees and representatives of Service Provider, members of its 
Group and its Affiliates shall be deemed for all purposes to be employees 
or representatives of Service Provider, members of its Group or such 
Affiliates, as applicable. In performing the Services, such employees and 
representatives shall be under the direction, control and supervision of 
Service Provider, members of its Group or the applicable Affiliate thereof, 
and Service Provider, members of its Group and its Affiliates shall have 
the sole right to exercise all authority with respect to the employment 
(including termination of employment), assignment and compensation of such 
employees and representatives.

2. Consideration.

(a) Costs and Fees.

(i) For each Service, Service Recipient shall pay (in accordance with 
Section 2(b)) Service Provider an amount equal to the Market Rate (as 
defined in Section 2(a)(i)(1)).

(1) The Market Rate for each Service shall be an amount equal to the sum 
of: (A) the rate as set forth on the applicable Services Schedule (which 
rate reflects the Parties good faith estimate as to the cost of such 
Service to the Service Provider plus an additional amount that the Parties 
acknowledge is fair and adequate consideration for the work expected to be 
performed by personnel of Service Provider in connection with such Service, 
including coordinating or managing Third Party Providers); provided that if 
a Services Schedule is silent regarding such rate, the amount under this 
subsection (A) shall be equal to Service Providers allocated costs 
(including salary, wages and benefits, but excluding severance costs that 
are the responsibility of Service Recipient pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii)) 
for any of its (or its Affiliates) employees involved in providing 
Services; plus (B) any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred 
in connection with retaining Third Party Providers or pursuing any warranty 
or indemnity against a Third Party Provider in accordance with Section 3(c
); plus (C) fees incurred in connection with any Third Party Consent or 
Alternative Method, which shall be borne equally by Service Recipient and 
Service Provider; plus (D) any sales, transfer, goods, services, value 
added, gross receipts or similar taxes, fees, charges or assessments 
(including any such taxes that are required to be withheld); provided that 
the Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any 
such tax with respect to the Services; plus (E) other reasonable 
miscellaneous out-of-pocket costs and expenses; provided, however, that any 
such expenses exceeding $25,000 per month for each Service (other than 
routine business travel and related expenses) shall require advance 
approval of Service Recipient.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Any costs and expenses provided for on a Services Schedule shall be 
subject to an increase of 5% per annum beginning on January 1, 2018, in 
order to adjust for inflation.

(3) Service Provider shall notify Service Recipient of any event that may 
reasonably be expected to increase the Market Rate by more than 10%.

(ii) Subject to the terms of this Section 2(a)(ii), Service Provider shall 
use commercially reasonable efforts to retain its workforce required to 
provide the Services and, consistent with its severance policies then in 
effect, if any, may make severance payments to its employees. Service 
Provider shall be responsible for Service Providers actual severance costs 
incurred as a result of terminating an employee who is primarily engaged in 
providing a Service in connection with the termination of such Service, 
provided that to the extent such severance costs are in excess of the 
amount of the severance costs that would have been paid by Service Provider 
if such employee had been terminated on the Distribution Date, the Service 
Recipient shall be reponsible for the amount of such excess severance 
costs; provided that any such employees employment was actually terminated 
and such individual is not rehired by Service Provider or any of its 
Affiliates for at least ninety (90) days following such termination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a former employee of Service Provider 
(who was (a) primarily engaged in providing a Service and (b) terminated by 
Service Provider within six (6) months of such individual having engaged in 
any activities with respect to providing such Service) is hired by another 
Party within twelve (12) months of the termination of such individuals 
employment with Service Provider, such other Party shall be responsible for 
(and shall indemnify Service Provider with respect to) all of the actual 
services costs incurred by Service Recipient with respect to such 
individual. Service Provider shall prepare and deliver, within thirty (30) 
days following the end of each quarterly period ending each March 31, June 
30, September 30 and December 31 (it being understood that the first such 
period shall be shorter than one quarter), to Service Recipient an invoice 
setting forth the amount of severance costs to be paid by Service Recipient 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2(a)(ii), which 
invoice Service Recipient shall pay pursuant to the terms of Section 2(b).

(iii) Unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing, (i) where Services are 
provided in a country outside of the United States by a Person located in 
the same country, amounts shall be invoiced and paid in the local currency 
of the Person providing the Services and (ii) if payments are to be made 
between Persons not within the same country, such amounts shall be invoiced 
and paid in U.S. Dollars. To the extent necessary, local currency 
conversion on any such invoice shall be based on Service Providers 
internal exchange rate for the then-current month, based upon the average 
for such month, as calculated consistently with how such local currency 
conversion was calculated in the twelve (12) month period prior to the 
Distribution Date.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) All charges based on a monthly or other time basis will be pro-rated 
based on actual calendar days elapsed during the period of service.

(v) With respect to any service that a Service Provider provides or causes 
an Affiliate to provide to itself or its Affiliates that is the same or 
substantially similar to a Service provided to Service Recipient or its 
Subsidiaries hereunder (such service, a Self-Service), if Service 
Provider determines to no longer provide such Self-Service to itself or its 
Affiliates, Service Provider shall notify Service Recipient of such 
termination no later than the number of days prior to such termination as 
is provided in Section 11(b) for terminating the corresponding Service. If 
Service Provider terminates a Self-Service prior to the end of the 
Termination Date applicable for the corresponding Service, the Market Rate 
of such Service following any such termination and up to but not including 
the Termination Date shall be calculated as if Service Provider had not 
terminated such Self-Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Service 
Provider shall continue to provide the Service in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement, unless such Service is otherwise terminated 
pursuant to Section 11, and Service Provider shall not be permitted to 
terminate any Self-Service prior to the Termination Date for the applicable 
Service if such termination would adversely affect the level of service, 
security or control of such Service or the scope or content thereof 
required pursuant to Sections 1(a) and 4(a).

(b) Invoices and Payment.

(i) Service Provider shall invoice Service Recipient for the amounts owed 
hereunder in arrears on a calendar monthly basis or, in the case of 
Section 2(a)(ii), as provided therein, and shall provide reasonable 
documentation supporting such amounts owed pursuant to Section 2(a), except 
to the extent such amounts are set forth on the Services Schedules. Service 
Recipient shall pay the amount of such invoice by electronic transfer of 
immediately available funds not later than forty-five (45) days after the 
date of such invoice. Neither Party nor any of its respective Subsidiaries 
shall have a right of set-off against the other Party or its Subsidiaries, 
except in connection with any amounts billed hereunder. In the event 
Service Recipient does not pay Service Provider in accordance with the 
terms hereof (i) all amounts so payable and past due shall accrue interest 
from the 31st day after the date of the invoice to the receipt of payment 
at a rate per annum equal to five percent (5%) (the Interest Rate) until 
such amounts, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, are 
paid in full, and (ii) Service Recipient shall pay, as additional fees, all 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Service Provider in 
attempting to collect and collecting amounts due under this Section 2, 
including all reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

(ii) In the event that Service Recipient in good faith disputes an invoice 
submitted by Service Provider, Service Recipient may withhold payment of 
any amount subject to the dispute; provided, however, that (x) Service 
Recipient shall continue to pay all undisputed amounts in accordance with 
the terms hereof, (y) Service Recipient shall notify Service Provider, in 
writing, of any disputed amounts and the reason for any dispute by the due 
date for payment of the invoice containing any disputed charges and (z) in 
the event any dispute is resolved in Service Providers favor, any amount 
that
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Service Recipient should have paid shall be deemed to have accrued interest 
at the Interest Rate from the date such payment should have been made. In 
the event of a dispute regarding the amount of any invoice, the Parties 
shall use all reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute within thirty (30) 
days after Service Recipient provides written notification of such dispute 
to Service Provider. Each Party shall provide full supporting documentation 
concerning any disputed amount or invoice within twenty (20) days after 
written notification of the dispute. Unpaid fees that are under good faith 
dispute shall not be considered a basis for default hereunder. To the 
extent that a dispute regarding the amount of any invoice cannot be 
resolved pursuant to this Section 2(b)(ii), the dispute resolution 
procedures set forth in Section 9 herein shall apply.

(c) Migration and Integration; Disconnection and Disintegration.

(i) Service Recipient shall be responsible for planning, preparing and 
integrating the transition of the provision of each of the Services to its 
own internal organization or other third-party service providers, and shall 
use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare, within one hundred and 
twenty (120) days after the Distribution Date (Migration Planning Period
), a plan in order to transition off each Service by the end of the term 
for such Service (Migration Plan); provided, however, that Service 
Recipient will not be deemed to have violated its obligations with respect 
to preparation of the Migration Plan if Service Recipient (i) fails to 
complete the Migration Plan within the Migration Planning Period, (ii) has 
been working, and thereafter continues to work, in good faith and without 
undue delay to expeditiously prepare the Migration Plan and (iii) completes 
the Migration Plan no later than one hundred and fifty (150) days after the 
Distribution Date. At Service Recipients request, Service Provider shall 
reasonably assist, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause 
any Third Party Provider to reasonably assist, Service Recipient in 
connection with the implementation of Service Recipients transition plan, 
which may include consulting and training and providing reasonable access 
to data and other information and to Service Providers employees, but 
which shall take into account the need to minimize the cost of such 
migration and the disruption to the ongoing business activities of Service 
Provider and its Affiliates and shall not unduly burden or interfere with 
Service Providers business and operations (provided that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, such services shall not include any services that, in 
Service Providers commercially reasonable opinion, do not primarily effect 
the separation of Service Recipient from the Services).

(ii) In furtherance of the foregoing, Service Recipient shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts to make or obtain any approvals, permits 
and licenses and implement any systems as may be necessary for it to 
perform the Services independently in each country and applicable 
jurisdiction as soon as practicable following the Distribution Date.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (but 
subject to Section 2(a)(ii)), in the Distribution Agreement or in any 
Ancillary Agreement, Service Recipient shall bear all costs or expenses 
associated with integrating the Services with the Information, facilities, 
personnel and assets of Service Recipient and shall reimburse Service 
Provider for any costs or expenses incurred by Service Provider which are 
to be borne by Service Recipient pursuant to this Section 2(c).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Cooperation.

(a) It is understood that it will require significant efforts by the 
Parties to implement this Agreement and ensure performance hereunder. The 
Parties shall: (i) cooperate with and provide such information and 
documentation to the other Party as is reasonably necessary for Service 
Provider to perform the Services and for Service Recipient to meet its 
obligations under the Agreement; (ii) notify the other Party of any changes 
to operating environments or key personnel to the extent related to the 
provision of the Services; (iii) provide timely decisions, approvals and 
acceptances required to perform the obligations hereunder in a timely and 
efficient manner; and (iv) perform such other duties and tasks as may be 
reasonably required to permit Service Provider to perform the Services or 
for Service Recipient to meet its obligations under the Agreement, 
including (A) cooperating in obtaining any Third Party Consents necessary 
to facilitate Service Providers ability to provide the Services and (B) 
upon thirty (30) days prior written notice by Service Provider, conducting 
such testing as may be reasonably required by Service Provider in 
connection with any updates or changes to the applicable systems or 
processes involved in providing a Service. Service Provider shall not be 
deemed to be in breach of its obligations to provide or make available any 
Service to the extent that Service Recipient has not provided information 
and access to appropriate personnel that is reasonably necessary for the 
performance of such Service.

(b) Upon Service Recipients written request and without prejudice to 
Service Recipients direct rights against a Third Party Provider, Service 
Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to request any warranty 
or indemnity under any contract Service Provider or its Subsidiaries may 
have with a Third Party Provider with respect to any Service provided to 
Service Recipient by such Third Party Provider.

(c) Service Provider and Service Recipient shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain in a cost effective manner any necessary 
waivers, permits, license, consents or similar approvals with respect to 
agreements with third parties in order for Service Provider to provide the 
Services directly or indirectly (any such waiver, permit, consent, license 
or similar approval, a Third Party Consent). If a Third Party Consent 
cannot be obtained on reasonable terms or after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, such Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to arrange for an alternative method of obtaining any such Service on 
Service Recipients behalf in a cost effective manner (Alternative Method
), which may include Service Provider providing such Service itself. If 
there is any Third Party Consent which was not required as of the date 
hereof but will subsequently be required before the Termination Date for a 
particular Service, Service Provider shall identify in writing to Service 
Recipient such Third Party Consent within sixty (60) days of the date 
hereof.

(d) In connection with the provision of Services hereunder, except as 
provided pursuant to Section 2(a)(iii) for local currency conversion for 
invoices, the Parties shall use the same methodology to determine the 
appropriate foreign exchange conversion rate as used in the twelve (12) 
month period prior to the Distribution Date, which may be determined or 
based upon the average for the month or other applicable period or the spot 
rate at the end of such month or period or otherwise.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Performance Standard; Reports; Personnel.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in the Services Schedule and Section 1(a) 
herein, nothing in this Agreement shall require or be interpreted to 
require Service Provider to provide a Service to Service Recipient beyond 
the scope and content of such Service as provided by Service Provider to 
the HLT Retained Business, Ownership Business or Timeshare Business, as the 
case may be, during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Distribution 
Date, excluding any actions taken in contemplation of the Distribution.

(b) Service Provider shall not make changes in the manner of providing a 
Service unless (i) Service Provider is making similar changes in a service 
being performed for itself or its Subsidiaries, (ii) such changes are 
immaterial and do not adversely affect the level of service, security or 
control of such Service or the scope or content thereof required pursuant 
to Sections 1(a) and 4(a) above, (iii) such changes are required by Service 
Provider or Service Recipient pursuant to applicable Law (including changes 
required by Service Provider or Service Recipient in connection with the 
provision of the Services to the other Party) or (iv) Service Recipient 
provides its prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed) to such changes (in each case, for the 
avoidance of doubt, with the costs of any such change to be included in the 
calculation of the Market Rate). In the event Service Provider determines 
to change the location of delivery of any Service, Service Provider shall 
provide Service Recipient with thirty (30) days prior written notice. All 
Services shall be performed in compliance with applicable Law, including 
all applicable U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to export 
controls, sanctions, and imports, including without limitation those 
regulations maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of 
Foreign Assets Control and the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of 
Industry and Security.

(c) In performing the Services, Service Provider shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to prepare and furnish to Service Recipient reports 
concerning the Services with such reports to contain substantially the same 
data, in substantially the same format, and prepared and delivered on 
substantially the same timetable, as reports prepared during the twelve 
(12) month period prior to the Distribution Date (excluding any reports 
solely prepared in contemplation of the Distribution), except as may be 
otherwise required by Service Recipient or Service Provider pursuant to 
applicable Law. Upon Service Recipients written request for modifications 
to the reporting and data transfer practices reasonably required to assist 
Service Recipient in transitioning off the Service, Service Provider shall 
cooperate and consult in good faith with Service Recipient to make such 
modifications; provided that if Service Provider reasonably determines in 
its sole discretion that any such modification may cause Service Provider 
to be in breach of its obligations to the other Party hereunder (including 
as a result of breaching its obligations as a Service Provider to the other 
Party as Service Recipient), then Service Provider shall not be under any 
obligation to make such modifications.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Service Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent 
with past practice to make available such personnel as may be required to 
provide the Services. Service Provider shall have the right to designate 
which personnel it will assign to perform the Services. Service Provider 
also shall have the right to remove and replace any such personnel at any 
time or designate any of its Subsidiaries or a Third Party Provider 
(subject to Section 1(a) herein) at any time to perform the Services; 
provided, however, that Service Provider shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts consistent with past practice to limit the disruption to 
Service Recipient in the transition of the Services to different personnel. 
Subject to and consistent with Section 2(a)(ii), Service Provider shall 
have no obligation to retain any individual employee or any Third Party 
Provider or to employ additional personnel in order to provide a particular 
Service.

(e) In the event Service Recipient or any of its Subsidiaries hires away an 
employee of Service Provider or its Subsidiaries, and such employee was 
providing Services to Service Recipient and will not continue to provide 
such Service, Service Provider shall have the option, in its sole 
discretion (in addition to any other remedies available to it under the 
Distribution Agreement or otherwise), upon ten (10) Business Days written 
notice to Service Recipient to reduce its obligations with respect to such 
Service (with a proportionate reduction in the applicable Market Rate) 
effective on the date of such employees termination of employment with 
Service Provider. Any provision of Service thereafter pursuant to such a 
reduction in Service Providers obligations shall be deemed to be 
consistent with Service Providers obligations under this Agreement, so 
long as Service Provider satisfies the other obligations contained in this 
Section 4 with respect to such Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
nothing in this Section 4(e) shall be deemed to modify, amend or waive the 
non-solicitation and no-hire restrictions set forth in Section 5.1 of the 
Distribution Agreement.

(f) Each Party agrees that it shall take appropriate action by instruction 
of or agreement with its personnel (including any Third Party Provider) to 
ensure that all such personnel performing or otherwise involved with 
Services shall be bound by and comply with all of the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement.

(g) In the event Service Provider has received a notice of default or 
breach in the performance of a Service hereunder (including as a result of 
substantial errors in the performance of such Service), it will use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to cure such default or breach. In the 
event Service Provider is unable to cure such default within thirty (30) 
days from receipt of notice thereof, in addition to the rights available 
under Section 11, there shall be an adjustment to the Market Rate to 
reflect the costs to Service Recipient associated with such default, breach 
or error, including any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
incurred by Service Recipient in retaining any Third Party Provider to 
provide such Service or in providing such Service itself.

(h) Each Party shall notify the applicable other Party as promptly as 
practicable after becoming aware of any breach of this Agreement committed 
by either it or the applicable other Party. Service Provider shall notify 
Service Recipient of any event that may reasonably be expected to 
materially impact a Service provided hereunder, which may include a 
Termination Notice (as defined in Section 11(b)) provided by the other 
Party as Service Recipient hereunder or a notice of termination of a 
Self-Service, issued pursuant and in accordance with, Section 2(a)(v).
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) In the event of any conflict, as reasonably determined by Service 
Provider in its sole discretion, between requests for modification or 
termination of Services made by the two other Parties and each properly 
delivered hereunder, Service Provider shall determine which request it 
received first and, subject to the other terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, make such modifications or terminations pursuant to the request 
that was first received before making any modifications or terminations 
pursuant to any requests received afterwards.

5. New Services.

If, after the date hereof and on or prior to August 31, 2017, or, with 
respect to Services provided in connection with any Transfer that, pursuant 
to Section 2.5 of the Distribution Agreement, is not consummated at or 
prior to the Effective Time, one hundred (100) days following the actual 
date of such Transfer (notwithstanding that under Section 2.5(c) of the 
Distribution Agreement such Transfer may be deemed to have occurred on the 
Effective Time) the Parties determine that a service required by Service 
Recipient and provided by Service Provider or one of its Subsidiaries prior 
to the Distribution Date was omitted from the Services Schedules, Service 
Recipient may request that Service Provider perform such service (New 
Service) in addition to the Services being provided hereunder. Service 
Provider shall promptly begin performing any New Service consistent with 
past practice upon a timely written request from Service Recipient (which 
request may be in the form of email) including (i) a description of the 
work Service Recipient anticipates being performed by Service Provider in 
connection with such New Service and (ii) a schedule for commencing and 
completing such New Service, and Service Provider and Service Recipient 
shall enter into good faith negotiations to agree to an amendment to the 
Services Schedules providing for such New Service; provided that if no 
agreement for an Additional Service Schedule Amendment has been reached in 
writing in thirty (30) days, such New Service shall be deemed to have a 
Termination Date of two (2) years from the date hereof, with the Market 
Rate as provided for in Section 2(a)(i), calculated as if the amendment to 
the Services Schedule for such New Service were silent regarding costs and 
expenses (such amendment or deemed amendment pursuant to the foregoing 
proviso, an Additional Service Schedule Amendment). Any New Service shall 
be considered a Service hereunder and the Services Schedules shall 
incorporate, and be deemed to be duly amended by, such Additional Service 
Schedule Amendment.

6. Intellectual Property; IT Security.

(a) Except as provided in the Services Schedules, the Market Rate shall 
include the allocable portion of any amounts that are required to be paid 
by Service Provider to any third party licensors of software that is used 
by Service Provider in connection with the provision of any Services 
hereunder, including (i) license, right-to-use and royalty fees and (ii) 
any amounts required to obtain the consent of such licensors to allow 
Service Provider to provide any of the Services hereunder. Service 
Recipient agrees to comply and cause its Subsidiaries to comply with the 
terms of any license or other agreement of Service Provider or any of its 
Subsidiaries relating to software that is provided to Service Recipient and 
is used in connection with the provision of any Services hereunder, 
including as specified in the Third Party Provider Use Requirements; 
provided that in the event that Service Provider enters into new software 
licenses after the Distribution Date, Service Recipient shall have the 
prior opportunity to review
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and confirm its ability to comply therewith, which it shall do in good 
faith. In the event that Service Recipient provides notice of its inability 
to comply therewith, Service Provider may at its sole discretion 
discontinue its provision of any Services under such new software licenses 
effective after thirty (30) days notice of the same, and Service Recipient 
shall indemnify Service Provider for any claims by third parties arising 
out of or in connection with Service Recipients noncompliance or violation 
of such software licenses; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Service Recipients delivery of such notice will not affect Service 
Recipients obligation to comply with all Third Party Provider Use 
Requirements applicable to Services already in use by Service Recipient. 
Subject to the foregoing, Service Provider shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain any consent that may be required from such 
licensors in order to provide any of the Services hereunder and the Parties 
shall cooperate to identify any material licenses or consents necessary for 
such provision and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize 
the costs associated therewith.

(b) If the receipt or provision of any Service hereunder requires the use 
by a Party of the patents, know-how, trade secrets, methods and processes 
(excluding Customer Information and Loyalty Program Information) of the 
other Party, then, subject to applicable restrictions contained in Service 
Providers contracts with Third Party Providers, such Party and its 
Subsidiaries shall have the non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable 
(except as required for its and its Subsidiaries receipt or provision of 
Services) right and license to use such Intellectual Property for the sole 
purpose of, and only to the extent necessary for, the receipt or provision 
of such Services hereunder, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. Upon the Termination Date applicable to such Service, or the 
earlier termination of any Services in accordance with Section 11, the 
license herein to the applicable Intellectual Property will terminate, and 
the applicable Service Recipient and/or Service Provider shall cease all 
use of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder. The applicable Service 
Recipient and/or Service Provider acknowledges that it will acquire no 
right, title or interest (including any license rights or rights of use) in 
any firmware or software, and the licenses therefor which are held by the 
applicable Service Provider and/or Service Recipient, by reason of the 
provision of the Services provided hereunder, except to the extent that any 
such license rights or rights of use are provided for in a written 
agreement signed by Service Provider and Service Recipient. Nothing in this 
Section 6(b) shall be deemed to limit, modify or terminate any License 
Agreement between the Parties.

(c) Subject to the limited licenses granted in Section 6(b), each Party 
shall exclusively own any Intellectual Property that it creates, develops 
or invents in connection with the provision of any Services hereunder.

(d) While using or accessing any computers, systems, software, networks, 
information technology or related infrastructure or equipment (including 
any data stored thereon or transmitted thereby) (Systems) of the other 
Party (whether or not a Service), each Party shall and shall cause each of 
its Subsidiaries to, adhere in all respects to the other Partys controlled 
processes, policies and procedures (including any of the foregoing with 
respect to Confidential Information, data, communications and system 
privacy, operation, security and proper use) as in effect on the 
Distribution Date or as communicated to such Party from time to time in 
writing.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Service Provider and Service Recipient shall each maintain reasonable, 
current security measures (i) to prevent unauthorized access to its systems 
and (ii) with respect to all data contained in its facilities, networks and 
systems and used in connection with the Services. Such measures shall in no 
event be less stringent than those used to safeguard such Partys own 
property, or industry standard security measures used by companies of a 
similar size. Such measures shall include, where appropriate, use of 
updated firewalls, virus screening software, logon identification and 
passwords, encryption, intrusion detection systems, logging of incidents, 
periodic reporting, and prompt application of current security patches, 
virus definitions and other updates. Service Recipient shall not install 
any new equipment, software or technology or modify the setup of any 
existing equipment, software or technology that is, or will be, connected 
to Service Providers facilities, networks or systems without the prior 
consent of Service Provider.

(f) Service Provider may suspend Service Recipients access (if any) to the 
information technology or communications systems used by Service Recipient 
following advance written notice to the extent practicable if, in Service 
Providers reasonable opinion (i) the integrity, security or performance of 
its systems, or any data stored on them, is being or is likely to be 
jeopardized by the activities of Service Recipient, or (ii) continued 
access to those information technology or communications systems by Service 
Recipient would expose Service Provider to liability. Service Recipient 
shall take appropriate corrective actions and if such actions fully resolve 
the matter (as determined by Service Provider in its sole discretion), 
Service Provider shall restore such access to Service Recipient.

(g) Each Party reserves the right to terminate all Services that provide 
access to such Partys information technology or communications systems, in 
its sole discretion and without limitation or termination liability, if 
Service Recipient or Service Provider, as applicable, remains in breach of 
this Section 6 five (5) Business Days after receipt of notice of such 
breach. Service Provider and Service Recipient acknowledge that the 
security measures used by the other as of the date of this Agreement are in 
compliance with this Section 6.

(h) Each party will comply with all applicable privacy and other Laws and 
regulations relating to protection, collection, use, and distribution of 
information (including Customer Information) received by a Party in 
connection with the Services that can be associated with or traced to any 
individual, including an individuals name, address, telephone number, 
e-mail address, credit card information, social security number, or other 
similar specific factual information, regardless of the media on which such 
information is stored (e.g., on paper or electronically), and which 
includes certain of such information that is generated, collected, stored 
or obtained as part of this Agreement, including transactional and other 
data pertaining to users (Personally Identifiable Information). In no 
event may a Party sell or transfer Personally Identifiable Information to 
third parties other than its Affiliates, or otherwise provide third parties 
other than its Affiliates with access thereto, except (i) as may be allowed 
pursuant to other written agreements between the Parties, or (ii) in the 
case of Service Provider, with any of its Third Party Providers assisting 
Service Provider with the performance of the Services hereunder. If there 
is a suspected or actual breach of security involving Personally 
Identifiable Information, responsible Party will notify the other Partys 
privacy counsel within twenty four (24) hours of a management-level 
associate becoming aware of such occurrence.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Those Third Party Providers (and their personnel) of Service Recipient 
and Service Provider (or their respective Affiliates) having access to the 
other Partys Systems may be required by Service Provider or Service 
Recipient, as the case may be, to enter into a customary non-disclosure 
agreement in connection with, and as a condition to, such access.

7. Records.

Service Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to 
Service Recipient, taking into consideration the financial reporting, 
internal controls and other public company requirements of Service 
Recipient, all information and records reasonably required to maintain full 
and accurate books relating to the provision of Services whether prior to 
or after the Distribution Date. Upon reasonable notice and reasonable 
request from Service Recipient, and at Service Recipients cost, Service 
Provider shall (a) make available for inspection and copying by Service 
Recipients agents or representatives such information, books and records 
relating to the Services during reasonable business hours and (b) certify 
that the controls in effect prior to the Distribution Date continue to be 
in effect, or if Service Provider is aware of any instances where such 
controls are not so in effect, in lieu of certification for such instances, 
provide a list of such instances and descriptions of the change in such 
controls thereof.

8. Force Majeure; Reduction of Services.

No Party (or any Person acting on its behalf) shall have any liability or 
responsibility for failure to fulfill any obligation (other than a payment 
obligation) under this Agreement so long as and to the extent to which the 
fulfillment of such obligation is prevented, frustrated, hindered or 
delayed as a consequence of circumstances of Force Majeure. A Party 
claiming the benefit of this provision shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of any such event: (a) notify the other 
applicable Parties of the nature and extent of any such Force Majeure 
condition and (b) use due diligence to remove any such causes and resume 
performance under this Agreement as soon as feasible. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Service Recipient shall be entitled to terminate Services so 
affected by a Force Majeure upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice in 
respect of any such delay or failure resulting from any such Force Majeure 
without any penalty or obligation to pay for Services not performed; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Service Recipient shall remain 
responsible for any severance costs for any such Services to the extent set 
forth in Section 2(a)(ii).

9. TSA Managers; Steering Committee; Dispute Resolution.

(a) Each Party shall nominate in writing one representative to act as the 
primary contact with respect to the provision and receipt of Services (a 
TSA Manager), with the initial TSA Managers as listed on Schedule A. Each 
Party may, at its discretion, from time to time select another individual 
to serve in these capacities during the term of this Agreement; provided, 
however, each Party shall notify the other Party promptly (and in any event 
within five (5) Business Days) of any change in an individual serving in 
this capacity, setting forth the name and contact information of the 
replacement, and stating that such replacement is authorized to act for 
such Party in accordance with this Section 9(a). The TSA Managers shall 
meet regularly or as needed.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) A steering committee (the Steering Committee) of the TSA Managers, a 
finance executive from each Party (the Finance Officers) and corporate 
counsel from each Party (the Legal Officers) will have overall 
responsibility for oversight, administration and issue resolution relating 
to the performance and migration of Services under this Agreement. The 
Finance Officers will liaise with the TSA Managers and the Legal Officers 
to suggest modifications to Services or their costs (as necessary). The 
Legal Officers will adjust the schedule of Services to reflect changes in 
scope (as necessary).

(c) In the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement (including its interpretation, performance or validity) 
(collectively, Agreement Disputes), the TSA Managers shall meet as 
expeditiously as possible to resolve same. If any Agreement Dispute is not 
resolved within thirty (30) days, a TSA Manager may notify each Partys 
Chief Financial Officer (or such other executive designated thereby), who 
shall attempt to resolve such Agreement Dispute for a maximum of fifteen 
(15) days after the prior thirty (30) day period (such period of days, the 
Negotiation Period). The relevant Parties shall not assert the defenses 
of statute of limitations and laches for any delays arising due to the 
procedures in Sections 9(c) or 9(d).

(d) If the Parties have not timely resolved the Agreement Dispute under 
Section 9(c), the Parties agree to submit the Agreement Dispute to 
mediation no later than 10 days following the end of the Negotiation 
Period, with such mediation conducted in accordance with the Mediation 
Procedure of the International Institute for Conflict Prevention and 
Resolution (CPR). The Parties to the Agreement Dispute agree to bear 
equally the CPR and mediators costs for same. The Parties agree to 
participate in good faith in the mediation for a maximum of 14 days (or a 
mutually agreed extension). If the Parties have not timely resolved the 
Agreement Dispute pursuant to this Section 9(d), either Party may then 
bring an action in accordance with Sections 26 and 27 herein.

(e) In the event of any dispute between the Parties regarding a Service 
prior to the applicable Termination Date (other than a Partys failure to 
pay undisputed amounts due), Service Provider shall not discontinue the 
supply of any such Service during the above dispute resolution process, 
unless so requested by Service Recipient pursuant to a Termination Notice.

(f) All information and communications between the Parties relating to an 
Agreement Dispute and/or under the procedures in Sections 9(c) and 9(d) 
shall be considered Confidential Information under Section 13 herein.

10. Disclaimer; Limited Liability.

(a) Service Recipient acknowledges that Service Provider is not in the 
business of providing the Services and that the Services being provided 
pursuant to this Agreement are provided as an accommodation to Service 
Recipient. Other than in the event of Service Providers fraud, gross 
negligence or willful misconduct, Service Provider will not be liable for 
any error or omission in rendering Services under this Agreement, or for 
any defect in Services so rendered; provided that if there is a substantial 
error in any of the Services, Service Provider shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to attempt to correct the error, or if Service
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Provider is unable to so correct such error, to provide an adjustment to 
the Market Rate for such Service in reasonable proportion to that which the 
error bears to the Service provided for such month, which adjustment may, 
pursuant to Section 2(a)(i)(1), include any reasonable out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses incurred by Service Recipient in retaining a Third Party 
Provider to provide such Service or in providing such service itself. Other 
than in the event of Service Providers fraud, gross negligence or willful 
misconduct, and other than for the Market Rate, severance costs owed under 
Section 2(a)(ii) and other amounts expressly owed hereunder, Service 
Provider will not be liable for any damages, fines, penalties, 
deficiencies, losses, liabilities (including settlements and judgments) and 
expenses (including interest, court costs, reasonable fees and expenses of 
attorneys, accountants or other experts and professionals or other 
reasonable fees and expenses of litigation or other proceedings or of any 
claim, default or assessment) (Losses) arising out of a breach of Service 
Providers obligations in connection with the Services provided under this 
Agreement. Service Provider agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless 
Service Recipient and its Affiliates and their respective directors, 
officers, employees and agents as a result of the fraud, gross negligence 
or willful misconduct of Service Provider or its Affiliates or any of their 
respective directors, officers, employees or agents. Service Recipient 
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Service Provider and its 
Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents 
from any Loss resulting from Service Recipients breach of any Third Party 
Provider Use Requirements.

(b) NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED 
(INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, 
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR CONFORMITY TO ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR DESCRIPTION), ARE MADE BY SERVICE PROVIDER OR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROVISION OF SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY WAIVED AND DISCLAIMED. WITHOUT 
LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING 
THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY, SHALL SERVICE PROVIDER 
BE LIABLE FOR, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTIONS, CUSTOMER CLAIMS, REMITTANCES, COLLECTIONS, INVOICES, 
PENALTIES, INTEREST OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR 
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE PERFORMANCE OF, ANY DELAY IN THE 
PERFORMING, FAILURE TO PERFORM OR DEFECTS IN THE PERFORMANCE OF, THE 
SERVICES CONTEMPLATED TO BE PERFORMED BY SERVICE PROVIDER PURSUANT TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11. Term and Service Termination Dates.

(a) This Agreement (other than Sections 9, 10, 11 and 13) shall terminate 
upon the last of the Termination Dates in respect of all Services to be 
provided hereunder; provided that the rights of the Parties in respect of 
any claims that have accrued prior to such termination shall survive such 
termination.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) For each Service, the service period during which Service Provider is 
obligated to provide such Service to Service Recipient ends as of the 
Termination Date set forth on the applicable Services Schedule. The Parties 
agree to cooperate if necessary to adjust the applicable Termination Date 
to end on a date that is the end of a calendar or fiscal month, as deemed 
appropriate. Service Recipient may terminate any Service prior to its 
Termination Date by providing to Service Provider written notice of 
termination, which shall be deemed irrevocable upon delivery (a 
Termination Notice), not less than sixty (60) days before the date of such 
earlier termination except as otherwise specified in the Services 
Schedules; provided that if the Services Schedules indicate that any 
Service is dependent on one or more other Services, then each such Service 
must be terminated together; provided further that any termination may be 
on a location by location basis if so indicated on the Services Schedules. 
In the event a Service is terminated prior to its Termination Date pursuant 
to Service Recipients Termination Notice, Service Recipient shall 
reimburse Service Provider for any out-of-pocket costs incurred by Service 
Provider through the date of receipt of any Termination Notice in 
expectation that such Service would be provided until the applicable 
Termination Date (subject to Service Provider exercising commercially 
reasonable efforts to mitigate such costs). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
upon the receipt of a Termination Notice, if Service Provider is unable to 
transition the applicable Service to Service Recipient or its designee in a 
commercially reasonable manner which does not unduly disrupt the Service on 
the requested termination date, Service Provider shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts consistent with past practice to transition such Service 
as soon as possible, and any resulting third party out-of-pocket costs to 
Service Recipient shall be paid by Service Recipient.

(c) In the event either Party defaults in the performance of any of its 
obligations under this Agreement, and if such default is not excused and 
not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice from the other Party 
specifying such default, then the non-defaulting Party may at any time 
thereafter terminate, at its option, any such Service that is the subject 
of such default by giving five (5) days prior written notice; provided 
that if no such termination notice is given within fifteen (15) days after 
the end of the thirty (30) day cure period, then the non-defaulting Party 
waives all rights to terminate such Service with respect to such default; 
provided further, that such fifteen (15) day period referred to in the 
immediately foregoing proviso shall be extended if (x) the Parties dispute 
whether there has been a default hereunder or (y) agree that there has been 
a default hereunder and have a dispute related to such default, and in 
either case are attempting to resolve such dispute pursuant to Section 9(c) 
until ten (10) days after there has been a final determination pursuant to 
the procedures in Section 9(c).

(d) Any Service can be terminated prior to the Distribution Date, with no 
fee, penalty or ongoing obligation, if Service Recipient provides a 
Termination Notice to Service Provider (which may be via email) at least 
ten (10) Business Days prior to the Distribution Date; provided, however, 
that Service Recipient shall reimburse Service Provider for any 
out-of-pocket costs incurred by Service Provider through the date of 
receipt of any Termination Notice received prior to the Distribution Date 
(subject to Service Provider exercising commercially reasonable efforts to 
mitigate such costs).
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12. Independent Contractor.

The Parties hereto understand and agree that this Agreement does not make 
either of them an agent or legal representative of the other for any 
purpose whatsoever. No Party is granted, by this Agreement or otherwise, 
any right or authority to assume or create any obligation or 
responsibilities, express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of any 
other Party, or to bind any other Party in any manner whatsoever. The 
Parties expressly acknowledge (i) that Service Provider is an independent 
contractor with respect to Service Recipient in all respects, including the 
provision of the Services, and (ii) that the Parties are not partners, 
joint venturers, employees or agents of or with each other.

13. Confidentiality.

(a) Any Confidential Information of the Parties shall be subject to Section 
8.6 of the Distribution Agreement. With respect to any information 
disclosed by one Party to another Party for the purpose of this Agreement 
or otherwise accessible to such other Party during the performance 
hereunder, including any Customer Information (Confidential Information
), the Party receiving such Confidential Information agrees that it will 
use the same skill and care as set forth in Section 1(a) to prevent the 
disclosure or accessibility to others of the disclosing Partys 
Confidential Information and will use such Confidential Information only 
for the purposes of this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and the 
Ancillary Agreements. The receiving Party and its employees, 
representatives and agents (including any Third Party Provider) 
(collectively, the Recipient Parties) shall only disclose and permit 
access to Confidential Information of the other Parties to such Recipient 
Parties who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the 
purposes of this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or the Ancillary 
Agreements and who are informed of the obligation to hold such Confidential 
Information confidential and in respect of whose failure to comply with 
such obligations, the applicable Party will be responsible. For 
Confidential Information provided with respect to any Service, the 
obligations of the Recipient Parties pursuant to this Section 13 shall 
expire on the date that is five (5) years from the termination of such 
Service. Each Party shall provide prompt written notice of any breach of 
the obligations under this Section 13 by such Party or its Recipient 
Parties and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the other 
Party in remedying any such breach.

(b) Specifically excluded from the definition of Confidential Information 
is any and all information that:

(i) is independently developed by the Recipient Parties after the Effective 
Time without reference to any Confidential Information;

(ii) is or comes to be in the public domain or available to the public 
through no fault of the Recipient Parties of the Confidential Information; 
or

(iii) is lawfully acquired after the Effective Time by the Recipient 
Parties from other sources not known to be subject to confidentiality 
obligations with respect to such Confidential Information.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) If the Recipient Party is required to disclose Confidential Information 
by Law, process or regulation, to the extent legally permissible, such 
Recipient Party shall promptly notify the disclosing Party, reasonably 
cooperate with the disclosing Party to the extent it may seek to limit such 
disclosure and, insofar as a protective order or waiver from the disclosing 
Party is not obtained, only disclose such Confidential Information that is 
required to be disclosed.

(d) In connection with any permitted disclosure of this Agreement to any 
third party, each Party shall redact the portions of the Services Schedules 
that are not relevant to such third partys inquiry.

(e) It is further understood and agreed that money damages may not be a 
sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 13 and that each Party 
shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunction and 
specific performance, as remedy for any such breach in any court of 
competent jurisdiction, without posting bond or other security. Such 
remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach, but 
shall be in addition to all other remedies herein described available at 
law or equity.

14. Audit Rights.

(a) Audits by Service Provider. Upon notice from Service Provider, Service 
Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Service 
Provider, its auditors (including internal audit staff and external 
auditors), inspectors, regulators and other reasonably designated 
representatives as Service Provider may from time to time designate in 
writing (collectively, the Service Provider Auditors) with access to, at 
reasonable times, any Service Recipient facility or part of a facility at 
which Service Recipient is using the Services, Service Recipient personnel, 
and data and records relating to the Services for purposes of verifying 
compliance with this Agreement. Service Provider audits may include 
security reviews (including Service Recipients completion of 
security-related questionnaires) of the Services and Service Recipients 
systems, including reasonable use of automated scanning tools such as 
network scanners, port scanners, and web inspection tools. Service 
Recipient will provide any assistance that Service Provider Auditors may 
reasonably require with respect to such audits. Upon notice from Service 
Recipient, Service Provider shall provide Service Recipient and its 
auditors with access to, at reasonable times, books and records relating to 
the Services or this Agreement in order for Service Recipient to comply 
with applicable Laws.

(b) Audits by Service Recipient. Service Recipient shall have the right, 
upon at least thirty (30) days written notice to Service Provider, and in 
a manner to avoid unreasonable interruption to Service Providers business, 
to perform audit procedures over Service Providers internal controls and 
procedures for the Services provided by Service Provider under this 
Agreement; provided that, such audit right shall exist solely to the extent 
required by Service Recipients external auditors to ensure Service 
Recipients compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to determine if 
Service Recipients financial statements conform to Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles (GAAP), to verify third-party expenses or to the 
extent required by any Governmental Authority; provided, further, that such 
audit right shall not grant Service Recipient the right to perform audit 
activities with respect to any Third Party Provider engaged in the 
provision of the Services. Service Provider shall use commercially
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reasonable efforts to provide Service Recipient and its auditors with 
appropriate space, furnishings, and telephone, facsimile and photocopy 
equipment as Service Recipient or its auditors may reasonably require to 
perform such audit procedures. Service Provider shall consider in good 
faith, but shall not be obligated to make, changes to its controls and 
procedures to address any findings of such audits. Service Recipient shall 
pay or reimburse all of Service Providers incremental costs arising from 
all such audit-related activities, provision of space, furnishings and 
equipment, and analysis and implementation, if any, of any potential 
changes in Service Providers controls or procedures described in this 
Section 14(b).

15. Beneficiary of Services; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties hereto, and nothing 
expressed or implied shall give or be construed to give any Person any 
legal or equitable rights hereunder, whether as a third-party beneficiary 
or otherwise. Each Party agrees, and each Party in its capacity as a 
Service Recipient represents and warrants, that the Services shall be 
provided solely to, and shall be used solely by, Service Recipient and its 
Subsidiaries. Service Recipient shall not resell or provide the Services to 
any other Person, or permit the use of the Services by any Person other 
than Service Recipient and its Subsidiaries.

16. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, together with the Distribution Agreement and the other 
Ancillary Agreements, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, 
understandings and negotiations, both written and oral, between the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event and to the extent 
that there shall be a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and 
the provisions of the Distribution Agreement or any other Ancillary 
Agreement, the Parties agree that this Agreement shall govern. The Parties 
agree that, in the event of an express conflict between the terms of this 
Agreement and a Services Schedule, the terms of the Services Schedule shall 
govern as it relates to the Services to which such terms and conditions 
apply.

17. Amendment; Waiver.

This Agreement and the Services Schedules may be amended, and any provision 
of this Agreement may be waived, only if such amendment or waiver is in 
writing and signed, in the case of an amendment, by each of the Parties, or 
in the case of a waiver, by the Party against whom the waiver is effective. 
No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power or 
privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall 
any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

18. Notices.

All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications to any 
Party hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopy, electronic 
transmission or similar writing) and shall be given as follows:
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
if to HLT:

Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (703) 883-6188

if to PK:
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.
1600 Tysons Blvd., Suite 1000
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (703) 893-1057

if to HGV:

Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
6355 MetroWest Boulevard, Suite 180
Orlando, Florida 32835
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (407) 722-3776

or to such other address or telecopy number and with such other copies, as 
such Party may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to the other 
Parties. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications 
under this Agreement and, to the extent applicable and unless otherwise 
provided therein, under each of the Ancillary Agreements shall be in 
English, shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and shall be 
deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, 
by overnight courier service, by facsimile or electronic transmission with 
receipt confirmed (followed by delivery of an original via overnight 
courier service) or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, 
return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at the following 
addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified in a 
notice given in accordance with this Section 18).

19. Non-Assignability.

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations of 
either Party hereunder may be assigned or transferred by any such Party 
without the prior written consent of the other Party (not to be 
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and any purported 
assignment, without such prior written consent shall be null and void. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) any Party may assign or transfer all its 
rights hereunder without such consent to an acquirer in connection with a 
sale of all or substantially all of its assets or other similar change in 
control of such Party and (b) Service Provider may assign any or all of its 
rights or obligations arising under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates 
that is reasonably capable of providing the Services (provided, however, 
that Service Provider shall remain primarily responsible for its 
obligations under this Agreement notwithstanding any such assignment).
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. Further Assurances.

From time to time after the date hereof, without further consideration, 
each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to 
be taken, all appropriate action, do or cause to be done all things 
reasonably proper or advisable under applicable Law, and execute and 
deliver such documents as may be required or appropriate to carry out the 
provisions of this Agreement and to consummate, perform and make effective 
the transition contemplated hereby.

21. Definitions and Rules of Construction.

(a) Defined terms used in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them 
by definition in this Agreement or in the Distribution Agreement.

(b) This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or 
rule requiring construction or interpretation against the Party drafting or 
causing any instrument to be drafted.

(c) Whenever the words include, including, or includes appear in this 
Agreement, they shall be read to be followed by the words without 
limitation or words having similar import.

(d) As used in this Agreement, the plural shall include the singular and 
the singular shall include the plural.

(e) All references to $ herein shall be references to U.S. Dollars.

22. Counterparts; Effectiveness.

This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed 
to be one and the same instrument. Copies of executed counterparts 
transmitted by telecopy, telefax or other electronic transmission service 
shall be considered original executed counterparts for purposes of this 
Section 22, provided that receipt of copies of such counterparts is 
confirmed. This Agreement shall become effective when each Party has 
received a counterpart hereof signed by the other Party hereto.

23. Section Headings.

The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes 
only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
24. Severability.

If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared by any court of 
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, all other 
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected and shall remain in full 
force and effect, and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to replace 
such illegal, void or unenforceable provision with a provision that 
corresponds as closely as possible to the intentions of the Parties as 
expressed by such illegal, void, or unenforceable provision.

25. Governing Law.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
Laws of the State of Delaware without reference to any choice-of-law or 
conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the 
laws of a different jurisdiction.

26. Consent to Jurisdiction.

Each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the 
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (b) if such court does not 
have subject matter jurisdiction, any other state or federal court located 
within the County of New Castle in the State of Delaware, to resolve any 
Agreement Dispute that is not resolved pursuant to Sections 9(c) or 9(d). 
Any judgment of such court may be enforced by any court of competent 
jurisdiction. Further, notwithstanding Sections 9(c) and 9(d), either Party 
may apply to the courts specified in this Section 26 for a temporary 
restraining order or similar emergency relief during the process set forth 
in such Sections. Each of the Parties agrees that service by U.S. 
registered mail to such Partys respective address set forth above shall be 
effective service of process for any of the above Actions and irrevocably 
and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any 
Action in accordance with this Section 26. Nothing in this Section 26 shall 
limit or restrict the Parties from agreeing to arbitrate any Agreement 
Dispute pursuant to mutually-agreed procedures.

27. Waiver of Jury Trial.

EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY 
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY 
AGREEMENT DISPUTE.


[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the day and year first above written.
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE A

TSA Managers

HLT: Mike Duffy

HGV: Eduardo Schutte

PK: Darren Robb
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

SERVICES SCHEDULES
 
1. 	FINANCE
 
2. 	HUMAN RESOURCES
 
3. 	INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
 
4. 	LEGAL
 
5. 	RISK MANAGEMENT
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

SERVICES SCHEDULES
 
1. 	FINANCE
 
  	A. 	FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO HGV
 
  	B. 	FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO PK
 
  	C. 	FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HGV TO HLT
 
  	D. 	FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY PK TO HLT
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO HGV1
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
  	
Service
Period2
 Shared Service (US)
Accounts Payable processing support, including:
 
         Invoice processing
 
         Payment processing (check printing, ACH, payments, etc.)
 
         Payment voiding and stopping
 
         Payment investigation
 
         W-9 maintenance
 
         Vendor 1099 preparation (service will be completed in January of
  the year following service termination)
 
         Invoice archiving and maintenance
 
         Vendor Master Data maintenance
   	
         HGV: $3.00/ voucher
 
         Express Checks (same day printing) $25.00 per check
 
         Special Handling of Payments $10.00/ check
 
         Returned Checks $10.00/ check
 
         Stop/ void Payment$10.00/ check
  	12/31/17
 
 
1  	HWHI may, at its sole election determine that certain finance and 
accounting services that it currently performs as of the date of this 
agreement may be performed by a third party or outsourced vendor. For the 
Service Period, to the extent that HWHI elects to engage a third party or 
outsourced vendor to perform the Services in whole or in any part, it will 
ensure that the Services are provided on a consistent basis with current 
HWHI standards, policies and procedures. HWHI will inform HGV to the extent 
that any Services are being performed by a third party or outsourced 
vendor. HWHI will also ensure that any third party or outsourced vendor 
meets its then-current standards for execution of internal controls over 
financial reporting and other relevant framework.
2  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period2
Employee Expense Processing, including:
 
         Use of Concur
 
         Payment processing via payroll or accounts payable (at service
  providers discretion)
 
         Employee Corporate Card (AMEX)
 
         AMEX Corporate Card Administration
 
         AMEX Corporate Account Reconciliation system
 
         PCard Program (HGV only)
   	
         Expense processing$2.62/ expense report; $.95/ Cash expense
  reimbursement (Price based on Concur usage fees)
 
         PCard program$250/ month
   	12/31/17
Providing Reconciliation Process, including:
 
         Bank transaction reconciliation (TRECS)
 
         AP / Check matching service (TRECS)
 
         AP/ Payroll matching service (TRECS)
 
         Escheatment service using Chesapeake UPCS
   	
HGV: $11,200/month for following services:
 
         Rental Retail Recons
 
         HOA Recons
 
         HOA Recon Review & Trecs Maint
 
         Rental Retail Recon Review & Trecs Maint
   	12/31/17
Credit Card support, including:
 
         Processing
 
         Reconciliation using TRECS
   	Credit Card set up and maintenance$5,200/month 	   	12/31/17
Payroll Support, including:
 
         Time clock administration and use of People net
 
         Payroll processing including reconciliation & balancing,
  garnishment, benefits and tax withholding
 
         ADP support in check generation, direct deposits, W4 updates (or
  employees portal to updates) and W2 for all applicable TSA periods
 
         Payroll Tax Filing for all applicable taxing jurisdictions,
  including: Federal, State, local, SUTA, FUTA
   	
         $2.00/ payment (check or direct deposit)
 
         Off-cycle check$10.00/ check or payment
 
         $10,000 annual charge for executive compensation support
   	12/31/17
Unemployment Claim service through Thomas and Thorngren, Inc. 	   	Pass 
through of vendor costs 	   	12/31/17
Support in Project Costing module 	   	Project Costing$9.80/ key (Annual 
charge) 	   	12/31/17
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period2
 Finance Accounting Shared Services Team (FASST)UK
Accounts Payable processing support, including:
 
         Invoice processing
 
         Payment processing (check printing, ACH, payments, etc.)
 
         Payment voiding and stopping
 
         Payment investigation
 
         Preparation of forms pertaining to vendors and taxes
 
         Invoice archiving and maintenance
 
         Vendor Master Data maintenance
   	
The following charges are for all the services provided by the UK FASST:
 
         One-off set up cost of £16k
 
         Monthly operational charges to be £8,000
 
Supporting documentation is available on request
   	06/30/18
 
Employee Expense processing, including:
 
         Use of Concur
 
         Payment processing via payroll or accounts payable (at service
  providers discretion)
 
         Employee Corporate Card
 
         PCard Program (HGV only)
 
         Corporate Account Reconciliation system
   	   	12/31/17
 
Reconciliation Service in the following areas:
 
         AP clearing account
 
         Payroll related accounts
 
         Fixed asset note (B2B)
 
         VAT
 
         Rates
 
         Intercompany paydown
 
         Multico
 
         Bank Reconciliations
   	   	12/31/17
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period2
Provide Bank transaction related services, including:
 
         Bank Account Administration
 
         Manage Credit card services (with Barclays) & reconciliations
 
         Manage G4S services for cash collection
   	 	   	12/31/17
 
Services related to UK/ROW Payroll, including:
 
         Time Clock Management
 
         Payroll processing & recording in GL
 
         Management of Ceridian
 
         Payroll deductions & 3rd party payments
 
         Pension contribution processing
 
         Compliance activities, including HMRC payments
 
         Benefit in Kind activities, P11Ds, PSA, STBV, TAS
   	   	12/31/17
 
Support in Project Costing module
   	   	12/31/17
 
Corporate Activity support, including:
 
         Determination, filing, and remittance of VAT, PAYE, Benefit in
  Kind reporting
 
         Performing Senior Accounting Officer responsibilities as it
  pertains to corporate activities
   	   	
 
12/31/17
 Statutory Reporting and Accounts
 
Preparation of statutory books and statutory reports in format prescribed 
by authorities, including:
 
         Production of UK Statutory accounts for 2016 reporting period
 
         Audit of statutory accounts
 
         Production of tax information for tax computation
 
         XBRL tagging of Statutory Accounts
 
         Production of technical memos
 
         U.S. Subsidiary audit
   	
 
         Estimated EY/KPMG fees£15,022
 
         Internal cost£4,406
   	
 
12/31/2017
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period2
Governmental required reporting (U.S.  Bureau of Economic Analysis, Census 
Bureau, etc.), including quarterly and annual filings as required. 	   	Up 
to $3,350 per quarter for quarterly filings and an additional $8,625 for 
separate annually required filings. 	   	6/30/18
 Financial Systems
Provide governance and support for code block requests based upon Hiltons 
current definitions and timing. Ensure code block segments are 
appropriately configured and setup in the necessary PeopleSoft and Hyperion 
applications. Current Hilton related controls will be applied to all areas. 
Provide Blackline security administration as currently provided 	   	
$9,000/ month 	   	12/31/17
Consulting type services to support transition of business processes 	   	
$150/ hour 	   	12/31/17
Consulting support for Hyperion, PeopleSoft, and other financial 
applications 	   	$175/hour 	   	12/31/17
Any activity/support required to effect the separation of financial 
applications will be mutually agreed upon. 	   	Hourly rates on an as 
needed basis 	   	12/31/17
 APAC Service (HGV)
Accounts Payable service including:
 
         Coding of invoices
 
         Review of department level results
 
         Process cash disbursements, expense reports, electronic wires
   	For A/P and Payroll: At cost for 2.6 FTE and rent $16,667/ month 	   	
12/31/2017
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period2
Payroll services including:
 
         Compute monthly payroll
 
         Compute and prepare monthly tax withholdings
 
         Distribute individual payroll slips for each employee
 
         Remit payroll, net of taxes and deductions
 
         Process payment for all tax withholdings and file monthly returns
 
         Administer for all social insurance plans
 
         Prepare and file income tax settlements, issue annual tax
  certificates
 
         Have e-Payslip, e-tax forms available.
 
         Helpdesk support
 
         Labor insurance filings
   	 	   	12/31/2017
 Consulting ServiceAccounting
Provide consulting basis service for the following areas:
 
         SEC Reporting,
 
         Financial Reporting, and
 
         Consolidations
   	$150/ hour 	   	12/31/2017
 Treasury
Various
 
         US cash & banking (up to 10 hours/month), support to be provided
  as needed, in conjunction with HGV Treasury
 
         UK cash & banking (up to 20 hours/month), support to be provided
  as needed, in conjunction with Hilton Accounting
 
         ROW cash & banking (up to 10 hours/month), support to be provided
  as needed and as available (subject to banking access), in conjunction
  with HGV Local Finance
   	Fixed cost $2,450 per month; not to exceed support hours indicated 	   	
12/31/2017
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period2
Cash & Banking: Incremental Backup (US)
Ad hoc support to backfill US cash & banking functions, beyond support 
provided under fixed cost bundle
   	Per hour charge $50/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Cash & Banking: Incremental Backup (UK, ROW)
Ad hoc support to backfill UK and ROW cash & banking functions, beyond 
support provided under fixed cost bundle, subject to banking access
   	Per hour charge $65/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Cash & Banking Consulting (Project)
Engagement on multi-hour projects, as defined by HGV/PK and agreed by 
Hilton, on design and/or implementation of global cash & banking services
   	Per hour charge $150/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Risk/Liquidity Consulting (Project)
Engagement on multi-hour projects, as defined by HGV/PK and agreed by 
Hilton, on design and/or implementation of global risk & liquidity 
management
   	Per hour charge $325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Treasury System Consulting (Project)
Engagement on multi-hour projects, as defined by HGV/PK and agreed by 
Hilton, on design and/or implementation of treasury systems solutions
   	Per hour charge $325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period3
 Tax4
Tax Compliancefurnishing data through 12/31/16 periods 	   	The TMA 
stipulates each party is to fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No 
charging for services to occur. 	   	Through completion of 2016 compliance.
Tax audit activity through the 12/31/17 periods. Cooperation and 
participation rights among the three companies as necessary for 
administration and completion of tax audits. Rights and obligations for 
such are stipulated in the TMA. 	   	The TMA stipulates each party is to 
fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No charging for services to occur. 	
   	Through completion of audits up to the periods ending 12/31/17.
Consulting and provision of services for Income Tax Compliance (beyond 
activities described in TMA), including:
 
         General consulting regarding historic processes employed to
  perform Income Tax Compliance
 
         Provision of Income Tax Compliance Services
 
         Tax technology consulting services
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	12/31/17 (at HLTs discretion, 
reasonable requests not to be denied, timing of when services performed at 
HLT sole discretion)
 
3  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
4  	The following hourly rates for Tax support apply:
 
 HWHI:
  	SVP Tax 	   	$ 	1,200 	  
  	VP1 Tax 	   	  	1,200 	  
  	VP Tax 	   	  	1,000 	  
  	Senior Director/Director 	   	  	800 	  
  	Senior Manager/Manager 	   	  	400 	  
  	Other 	   	  	350 	  
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period3
Income tax audit matters (beyond activity described in TMA), including:
 
         Provision of data,
 
         Cooperation,
 
         General consulting
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	12/31/17
General income tax consulting, including
 
         Consulting regarding tax planning
 
         Structuring specific to the spin
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	12/31/17
Indirect (sales/use) taxesgeneral consulting 	   	Hourly per rate card 
plus expenses 	   	12/31/17
 Points Program Loss Prevention
Support of program analysis for the identification and necessary follow up 
activities of inappropriate usage (e.g., could be identified by fraudulent 
activities investigation or direct communication) 	   	Per hour charge $250 
plus T&E related costs as incurred 	   	3/31/2017
 Forensics Support
Ongoing support for investigation and necessary follow up activities 
related to conflict of interest, non-compliance, or other fraudulent 
activities 	   	Per hour charge $250 plus T&E related costs as incurred 	   	
3/31/2017
 Internal Audit
SOX testing support where controls are performed by HLT on behalf of HGV & 
PK and additional procedures are required (e.g., increased sample sizes, 
additional control evaluation and/or testing). This may be for the benefit 
of external auditors or internal audit support
 
*Work Paper Access letters from E&Y teams required
   	Per hour charge $250 plus T&E related costs as incurred 	   	
12/31/2017
Ad-hoc Internal Audit support requested 	   	Per hour charge $250 plus T&E 
related costs as incurred 	   	3/31/2017
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period5
 Financial Planning & Analysis and Operations Finance
Monthly operational (financial) performance reporting 	   	$325/hour 	   	
12/31/2017
Operations Finance and FP&A consulting support to include:
 
         Operation insights and analysis
 
         Ad hoc projects as needed.
   	$325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
 Corporate card, travel and Employee Expense
American Express Corporate Card and Concur Travel and Expense Platform 
Support from Hilton Supply Management 	   	$2,750/month 	   	12/31/2017
Concur Expense platform 	   	$3,244/month 	   	12/31/2017
American Express Global Business Travel and Concur Travel 	   	Monthly 
charges based on consulting and processing volumes 	   	12/31/2017
Accounting management support for expense reporting platform 	   	
$1,250/month 	   	12/31/2017
 
5  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO PK6
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period7
 Shared Service (US)
Accounts Payable processing support, including:
 
         Invoice processing
 
         Payment processing (check printing, ACH, payments, etc.)
 
         Payment voiding and stopping
 
         Payment investigation
 
         W-9 maintenance
 
         Vendor 1099 preparation (service will be completed in January of
  the year following service termination)
 
         Invoice archiving and maintenance
 
         Vendor Master Data maintenance
   	
         $.65/ voucher for 4 select hotels
 
         $3.00/ voucher for Corporate
 
         Express Checks (same day printing)  $25.00 per check
 
         Special Handling of Payments  $10.00/ check
 
         Returned Checks  $10.00/ check
 
         Stop/ void Payment  $10.00/ check
   	6/30/18
Employee Expense Processing, including:
 
         Use of Concur
 
         Payment processing via payroll or accounts payable (at service
  providers discretion)
 
         Employee Corporate Card (AMEX)
 
         AMEX Corporate Card Administration
 
         AMEX Corporate Account Reconciliation system
   	
         Expense processing  $2.62/ expense report; $.95/ Cash expense
  reimbursement (Price based on Concur usage fees)
   	6/30/18
 
6  	HWHI may, at its sole election determine that certain finance and 
accounting services that it currently performs as of the date of this 
agreement may be performed by a third party or outsourced vendor. For the 
Service Period, to the extent that HWHI elects to engage a third party or 
outsourced vendor to perform the Services in whole or in any part, it will 
ensure that the Services are provided on a consistent basis with current 
HWHI standards, policies and procedures. HWHI will inform PK to the extent 
that any Services are being performed by a third party or outsourced 
vendor. HWHI will also ensure that any third party or outsourced vendor 
meets its then-current standards for execution of internal controls over 
financial reporting and other relevant framework.
 
7  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period7
Providing Reconciliation Process, including:
 
         Bank transaction reconciliation (TRECS)
 
         AP / Check matching service (TRECS)
 
         AP/ Payroll matching service (TRECS)
 
         Escheatment service using Chesapeake UPCS
   	
Applied to 4 Select Hotels and Corporate:
 
         Reconciliation Process Support $160/ hotel/month
 
         Reconciliation Process Support for Corporate accounts$1,900 for
  10 accounts/month
   	6/30/18
Credit Card support for Park Hotels for 4 select hotels 	   	$160/ hotel 
(Month) 	   	6/30/18
 
Payroll Support, including:
 
         Time clock administration and use of People net
 
         Payroll processing including reconciliation & balancing,
  garnishment, benefits and tax withholding
 
         ADP support in check generation, direct deposits, W4 updates (or
  employees portal to updates) and W2 for all applicable TSA periods
 
         Payroll Tax Filing for all applicable taxing jurisdictions,
  including: Federal, State, local, SUTA, FUTA
   	
 
         $2.00/ payment (check or direct deposit)
 
         Off-cycle check$10.00/ check or payment
 
         $10,000 annual charge for executive compensation support
   	
 
6/30/18
Unemployment Claim service through Thomas and Thorngren, Inc. 	   	Pass 
through of vendor costs 	   	12/31/17
Fixed Asset support, including:
 
         Asset addition, maintenance, and retirement
 
         Project Costing module and process for cost accumulation
 
         Asset management system application
 
         Annual inventory of fixed assets
   	
         Asset Management$10.24/ key (Annual)
 
         Project Costing$9.80/ key (Annual)
   	6/30/18
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period8
 Finance Accounting Shared Services Team (FASST)UK
Accounts Payable processing support, including:
 
         Invoice processing
 
         Payment processing (check printing, ACH, payments, etc.)
 
         Payment voiding and stopping
 
         Payment investigation
 
         Preparation of forms pertaining to vendors and taxes
 
         Invoice archiving and maintenance
 
         Vendor Master Data maintenance
   	
The following charges are for all the services provided by the UK FASST:
 
         One-off set up cost of £16k
 
         Monthly operational charges to be £9,400
 
Supporting documentation is available on request
   	06/30/18
Employee Expense processing, including:
 
         Use of Concur
 
         Payment processing via payroll or accounts payable (at service
  providers discretion)
 
         Employee Corporate Card
 
         Corporate Account Reconciliation system
   	   	6/30/18
 
8  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period8
Reconciliation Service in the following areas:
 
         AP clearing account
 
         Payroll related accounts
 
         Fixed asset note (B2B)
 
         VAT
 
         Rates
 
         Intercompany paydown
 
         Multico
 
         Bank Reconciliations
   	 	   	6/30/18
Provide Bank transaction related services, including:
 
         Bank Account Administration
 
         Manage Credit card services (with Barclays) & reconciliations
 
         Manage G4S services for cash collection
   	 	   	6/30/18
Fixed Asset support, including:
 
         Asset addition, maintenance, and retirement
 
         Project Costing module and process for cost accumulation
 
         Asset management system application
 
         Annual inventory of fixed assets
   	 	   	6/30/18
Corporate Activity support, including:
 
         Determination, filing, and remittance of VAT, PAYE, Benefit in
  Kind reporting
 
         Performing Senior Accounting Officer responsibilities as it
  pertains to corporate activities
   	 	   	12/31/17
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period9
 Statutory Reporting and Accounts
Preparation of statutory books and statutory reports in format prescribed 
by authorities, including:
 
         Production of UK Statutory accounts for 2016/2017 reporting
  period
 
         Audit of statutory accounts
 
         Production of tax information for tax computation
 
         XBRL tagging of Statutory Accounts
 
         Production of technical memos
 
         U.S. Subsidiary audit
   	
         Fees to be negotiated with external auditors
 
         Internal cost£16,925
   	12/31/2017
Governmental required reporting (U.S.  Bureau of Economic Analysis, Census 
Bureau, etc.), including quarterly and annual filings as required. 	   	Up 
to $3,350 per quarter for quarterly filings and an additional $8,625 for 
separate annually required filings. 	   	6/30/18
 
9  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period10
Corporate Accounting (US & UK)
Providing select services related to Corporate Accounting, including:
 
         Recording of owners PK activity journal entries
   	$150/hour 	   	6/30/18
Accounting, Reporting, Close, and Consolidation
 
International and domestic corporate book closing
   	
 
$150/ hour  covers all services
   	
 
6/30/18
Preparation of post-tax Income Statement and Balance Sheet through 
consolidation process to permit PK to complete its filings with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission in a timely manner, which includes:
 
         Roll forwards (including, but not limited to equity, investment,
  lease, goodwill, trademark, software development, and fixed asset)
 
         FS footnotes
 
         Audit support
 
         Segment/ VIE B/S
 
         CAPEX by segment
   	 	   	
 
6/30/18
 
Statistical reporting
   	 	   	
 
6/30/18
 
Generation of wire transfer
   	 	   	
 
6/30/18
 
10  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
JV Accounting 	   	provided by Accounting, Reporting, Close, and 
Consolidation 	   	6/30/18
 
Calculation and booking of US GAAP Adjustments
   	   	
 
6/30/18
 
Intercompany elimination processing and consolidation entries
   	   	
 
6/30/18
 
USD overrides on equity and IC investment accounts
   	   	
 
6/30/18
Financial Systems
Provide governance and support for code block requests based upon Hiltons 
current definitions and timing. Ensure code block segments are 
appropriately configured and setup in the necessary PeopleSoft and Hyperion 
applications. Current Hilton related controls will be applied to all areas. 
Provide Blackline security administration as currently provided 	   	
$1,000.00/month for Corporate requests only 	   	6/30/18
Consulting type services to support transition of business processes 	   	
$150/ hour 	   	6/30/18
Consulting support for Hyperion, PeopleSoft, and other financial 
applications 	   	$175/hour 	   	6/30/18
Functional Hyperion support for applications required to support the PK 
global close, consolidation processes. Also includes the Hyperion 
application support of the Operational reporting that will be provided by 
Global Operations Finance. This specifically excludes any Corporate 
expense/overhead planning support. 	   	Monthly fixed charge of 1.5 FTE  
$22,500.00 	   	6/30/18
Any activity/support required to effect the separation of financial 
applications will be mutually agreed upon. 	   	As per need basis 	   	
6/30/18
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period11
Consulting ServiceAccounting
Provide consulting basis service for the following areas:
 
         SEC Reporting,
 
         Financial Reporting, and
 
         Consolidations
   	$150/ hour 	   	12/31/2017
Risk & Liquidity
Risk/Liquidity Consulting (project)
 
Expert-level consulting on matters of:
 
         Financial risk mgmt (FX/IR hedging)
 
         Liquidity forecasting
 
         Interco funding
   	
Project consulting by DIR/VP in McLean (multi-hour)
Per hour charge [$325/hour]
   	12/31/2017
Treasury
Various
 
         US cash & banking (up to 10 hours/month), support to be provided
  as needed, in conjunction with HGV Treasury
 
         UK cash & banking (up to 20 hours/month), support to be provided
  as needed, in conjunction with Hilton Accounting
 
         ROW cash & banking (up to 10 hours/month), support to be provided
  as needed and as available (subject to banking access), in conjunction
  with HGV Local Finance
   	Fixed cost $4,400 per month; not to exceed support hours indicated 	   	
12/31/2017
 
11  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period11
Cash & Banking: Incremental Backup (US)
Ad hoc support to backfill US cash & banking functions, beyond support 
provided under fixed cost bundle
   	Per hour charge $50/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Cash & Banking: Incremental Backup (UK, ROW)
Ad hoc support to backfill UK and ROW cash & banking functions, beyond 
support provided under fixed cost bundle, subject to banking access
   	Per hour charge $65/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Cash & Banking Consulting (Project)
Engagement on multi-hour projects, as defined by HGV/PK and agreed by 
Hilton, on design and/or implementation of global cash & banking services
   	Per hour charge $150/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Risk/Liquidity Consulting (Project)
Engagement on multi-hour projects, as defined by HGV/PK and agreed by 
Hilton, on design and/or implementation of global risk & liquidity 
management
   	Per hour charge $325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Treasury System Consulting (Project)
Engagement on multi-hour projects, as defined by HGV/PK and agreed by 
Hilton, on design and/or implementation of treasury systems solutions
   	Per hour charge $325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period12
Tax13
Tax Compliancefurnishing data through 12/31/16 periods 	   	The TMA 
stipulates each party is to fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No 
charging for services to occur. 	   	Through completion of 2016 compliance.
Tax audit activity through the 12/31/17 periods. Cooperation and 
participation rights among the three companies as necessary for 
administration and completion of tax audits. Rights and obligations for 
such are stipulated in the TMA. 	   	The TMA stipulates each party is to 
fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No charging for services to occur. 	
   	Through completion of audits up to the periods ending 12/31/17.
Consulting and provision of services for Income Tax Compliance (beyond 
activities described in TMA), including:
 
         General consulting regarding historic processes employed to
  perform Income Tax Compliance
 
         Provision of Income Tax Compliance Services
 
         Tax technology consulting services
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin at HLTs 
discretion, reasonable requests not to be denied, timing of when services 
performed at HLT sole discretion.
 
12  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
13  	The following hourly rates for Tax support apply:
 
 HWHI:
   	SVP Tax 	   	$ 	1,200 	  
   	VP1 Tax 	   	  	1,200 	  
   	VP Tax 	   	  	1,000 	  
   	Senior Director/Director 	   	  	800 	  
   	Senior Manager/Manager 	   	  	400 	  
   	Other 	   	  	350 	  
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period12
Income tax audit matters (beyond activity described in TMA), including:
 
         provision of data,
 
         cooperation,
 
         general consulting
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	12/31/2017
General income tax consulting, including
 
         consulting regarding tax planning
 
         structuring specific to the spin
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	12/31/2017
Indirect (sales/use) taxesgeneral consulting 	   	Hourly per rate card 
plus expenses 	   	12/31/2017
Points Program Loss Prevention
Support of program analysis for the identification and necessary follow up 
activities of inappropriate usage (e.g., could be identified by fraudulent 
activities investigation or direct communication) 	   	Per hour charge $250 
plus T&E related costs as incurred 	   	3/31/2017
Forensics Support
Ongoing support for investigation and necessary follow up activities 
related to conflict of interest, non-compliance, or other fraudulent 
activities 	   	Per hour charge $250 plus T&E related costs as incurred 	   	
3/31/2017
Internal Audit
SOX testing support where controls are performed by HLT on behalf of HGV & 
PK and additional procedures are required (e.g., increased sample sizes, 
additional control evaluation and/or testing). This may be for the benefit 
of external auditors or internal audit support
*Work Paper Access letters from E&Y teams required
   	Per hour charge $250 plus T&E related costs as incurred 	   	
12/31/2017
Ad-hoc Internal Audit support requested 	   	Per hour charge $250 plus T&E 
related costs as incurred 	   	3/31/2017
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period14
Financial Planning & Analysis and Operations Finance
Monthly operational (financial) performance reporting 	   	$325/hour 	   	
12/31/2017
Operations Finance and FP&A consulting support to include:
 
         Operation insights and analysis
 
         Ad hoc projects as needed.
   	$325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
Corporate card, travel and Employee Expense
American Express Corporate Card and Concur Travel and Expense Platform 
Support from Hilton Supply Management 	   	$2,750/month 	   	12/31/2017
Concur Expense platform 	   	$3,244/month 	   	12/31/2017
American Express Global Business Travel and Concur Travel 	   	Monthly 
charges based on consulting and processing volumes 	   	12/31/2017
Accounting management support for expense reporting platform 	   	
$1,250/month 	   	12/31/2017
 
14  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HGV TO HLT
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period15
Consulting ServiceAccounting
Provide consulting basis service for the following areas:
 
         SEC Reporting,
 
         Financial Reporting, and
 
         Consolidations
   	$150/ hour 	   	12/31/2017
Tax16
Tax Compliancefurnishing data through 12/31/16 periods 	   	The TMA 
stipulates each party is to fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No 
charging for services to occur. 	   	Through completion of 2016 compliance.
Tax audit activity through the 12/31/17 periods. Cooperation and 
participation rights among the three companies as necessary for 
administration and completion of tax audits. Rights and obligations for 
such are stipulated in the TMA. 	   	The TMA stipulates each party is to 
fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No charging for services to occur. 	
   	Through completion of audits up to the periods ending 12/31/17.
 
15  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
 
16  	The following hourly rates for Tax support apply:
 
 HGV
   	VP Tax 	   	$ 	1,000 	  
   	Sr Director/Director 	   	  	800 	  
   	Sr Manager/Manager 	   	  	400 	  
   	Other 	   	  	350 	  
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period15
Consulting and provision of services for Income Tax Compliance (beyond 
activities described in TMA), including:
 
         General consulting regarding historic processes employed to
  perform Income Tax Compliance
 
         Provision of Income Tax Compliance Services
 
         Tax technology consulting services
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin at HLTs 
discretion, reasonable requests not to be denied, timing of when services 
performed at HLT sole discretion.
Income tax audit matters (beyond activity described in TMA), including:
 
         provision of data,
 
         cooperation,
 
         general consulting
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin.
General income tax consulting, including
 
         consulting regarding tax planning
 
         structuring specific to the spin
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin.
Indirect (sales/use) taxesgeneral consulting 	   	Hourly per rate card 
plus expenses 	   	One year post spin.
Financial Planning & Analysis and Treasury
Ad hoc consulting 	   	$325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY PK TO HLT
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period17
Consulting ServiceAccounting
Provide consulting basis service for the following areas:
 
         SEC Reporting,
 
         Financial Reporting, and
 
         Consolidations
   	$150/ hour 	   	12/31/2017
Tax18
Tax Compliancefurnishing data through 12/31/16 periods 	   	The TMA 
stipulates each party is to fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No 
charging for services to occur. 	   	Through completion of 2016 compliance.
Tax audit activity through the 12/31/17 periods. Cooperation and 
participation rights among the three companies as necessary for 
administration and completion of tax audits. Rights and obligations for 
such are stipulated in the TMA. 	   	The TMA stipulates each party is to 
fulfill its obligation at its own cost. No charging for services to occur. 	
   	Through completion of audits up to the periods ending 12/31/17.
 
17  	Services to continue to be available and provided on request of 
recipient through no later than date noted.
18  	The following hourly rates for Tax support apply:
 
 Park:
   	SVP Tax 	   	$ 	1,200 	  
   	VP Tax 	   	  	1,000 	  
   	Senior Director/Director 	   	  	800 	  
   	Senior Manager/Manager 	   	  	400 	  
   	Other 	   	  	350 	  
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period17
Consulting and provision of services for Income Tax Compliance (beyond 
activities described in TMA), including:
 
        General consulting regarding historic processes employed to
    perform Income Tax Compliance
 
        Provision of Income Tax Compliance Services
 
        Tax technology consulting services
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin at HLTs 
discretion, reasonable requests not to be denied, timing of when services 
performed at HLT sole discretion.
Income tax audit matters (beyond activity described in TMA), including:
 
        provision of data,
 
        cooperation,
 
        general consulting
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin.
General income tax consulting, including
 
        consulting regarding tax planning
 
        structuring specific to the spin
   	Hourly per rate card plus expenses 	   	One year post spin.
Indirect (sales/use) taxesgeneral consulting 	   	Hourly per rate card 
plus expenses 	   	One year post spin.
Financial Planning & Analysis and Treasury
Ad hoc consulting 	   	$325/hour 	   	12/31/2017
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

SERVICES SCHEDULES
 
2. 	HUMAN RESOURCES
 
  	a. 	HR/BENEFITS RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT
 
  	b. 	HR/BENEFITS RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY PK
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
HR/BENEFITS RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Executive Compensation
Executive compensation advisory/consulting support 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
$250/hour 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Global Compensation (excluding Executive Compensation)
Compensation support related to calculation of 2016 Bonuses and 2017 merit 
increase and LTI award distribution 	   	HGV & PK 	   	One-time charge of 
$100,000 (HGV)/ $10,000 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Performance ManagementPM Support 2016cycle  performance review/rating 
process using current performance management system 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
One-time charge not to exceed $100,000 (HGV)/ $5,000 one-time charge (PK) 	
   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Compensation and consulting support
      Job evaluation, market pricing and general compensation consulting
      Salary structure building, program design and analysis
   	HGV & PK 	   	$250/hour 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
U.S. Benefits
Continued health and welfare benefits administrative services, including 
creation of separate third-party benefit administration platforms (U.S. 
H&W Program Management Fee) 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $65,000 (HGV)/ 
$6,000 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
19  	For certain costs that are impacted by participation, the costs in 
this document are estimated based on current plan enrollment, employee 
contributions, salaries and elections, as applicable. Actuals will be based 
on actual number of employees participating, and employee pay and 
contribution levels.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Continued participation in US medical, prescription, dental and vision 
plans 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
Employer health benefit contribution for medical, prescription and dental 
monthly cost $2,525,000 (HGV)/ $155,000 (PK)
 
Vision is 100% employee paid.
   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued participation in US basic life insurance policy 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
Monthly cost $27,500 (HGV)/ $2,000 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017
Continued participation in US supplemental, dependent life and accidental 
death and dismemberment insurance plan 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Cost included as 
part of the monthly U.S. H&W Program Management Fee. 	   	Through no later 
than 12/31/2017
Continued participation in US employer-paid basic short-term disability 
plan for the benefit of eligible property-level employees 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
Monthly cost $42,000 (HGV)/ $1,400 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017
Continued participation in US long-term disability plan 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
Cost included as part of the monthly U.S. H&W Program Management Fee. 	   	
Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued U.S. Salary Continuation (SALCO) administrative services 	   	
HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $1,100 (HGV)/ $200 (PK) 	   	Through no later 
than 12/31/2017
Continued Adoption Assistance Program administrative services 	   	HGV 	   	
Fee of $75 per claim reviewed 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Continued participation in US employee assistance program 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
Monthly cost $6,500 (HGV)/$450 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued participation in US business travel accident insurance policy 	   	
HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $1,900 (HGV)/ $120 (PK) 	   	Through no later 
than 12/31/2017
Continued administrative services related to US voluntary insurance policy 
(home, auto, pet, legal) 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Cost included as part of the 
monthly U.S. H&W Program Management Fee. 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017
Continued U.S. Health & Welfare HRO administrative services related to 
enrollment, continuation of benefits, dependent verification, outsourced 
benefits center20 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $38,000 (HGV)/ $3,700 
(PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued access to health benefits tax
reporting service
   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $5,000 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued administrative services related to US commuter benefits program 	
   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $200 (HGV)/ $25 (PK) 	   	Through no later 
than 12/31/2017
Continued administrative services related to pre-tax flexible spending 
accounts 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $3,100 (HGV)/ $200 (PK) 	   	
Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
20  	If HGV or PK changes its human capital management system, U.S. health 
and welfare costs will increase. The schedule assumes that HGV and PK will 
not change their human capital management system.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Continued administrative services related to pre-tax health savings account 
benefits 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $825 (HGV)/ $25 (PK) 	   	Through 
no later than 12/31/2017
Continued administrative services related to qualified medical child 
support orders (QMCSO) 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $6,000 (HGV)/ $900 
(PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued administrative services of tuition reimbursement program. 	   	
HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $800 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued participation in Go Hilton Programs and related administrative 
services 	   	HGV & PK 	   	$200,000 annual program management fee (HGV)/ 
No fee (PK) 	   	HGV and PK continued participation reviewed annually by 
HLT
Continued access to US domestic relocation support for relocation 
initiations under relocation plans for current open relocations and new 
relocation initiations prior to 7/1/2017 under current and revised 
relocation plans. 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost varies based on plan, 
family size, distance (actual costs will be invoiced to HGV or PK, as 
applicable, directly) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued participation in Hilton 401(k) plan and accompanying 
administrative services 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $22,500 (HGV)/ 
$2,500 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Matching contributions related to continued participation in Hilton 401(k) 
plan 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Monthly cost $600,000 (HGV)/ $15,000 (PK). 
Estimated based on current plan enrollment. Actuals will be based on actual 
number of employees participating, and employee pay and contribution 
levels. 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Global expatriate services and administration related to retirement and 
health and welfare plans 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
Monthly cost $4,500 (HGV)/ $7,500 (PK) for health and welfare support
Monthly cost $450 (PK) retirement support
   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Continued access to Hilton U.S. Marketplace site 	   	HGV 	   	Monthly cost 
$2,000 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Non-U.S. Benefits
Provide continued general human resources support in Singapore 	   	HGV 	   	
Annual cost $500,000 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, subject to an 
extension upon review by HLT
Continued administrative support for UK group private medical insurance 
scheme 	   	HGV 	   	Monthly cost £40 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017, subject to an extension upon review by HLT
Continued participation in UK cash medical plan insurance 	   	HGV 	   	
100% employee paid 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, subject to an 
extension upon review by HLT
Continued participation in UK dental plan 	   	HGV 	   	Monthly cost £50, 
including an administrative fee. 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, 
subject to an extension upon review by HLT
Continued administrative support for UK Life Assurance Plan 	   	HGV 	   	
Monthly cost £29 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, subject to an 
extension upon review by HLT
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
UK Life Insurance Administrationsupport setting up new plan and 
transitioning employees from Hilton UK Pension Plan Life Assurance policy 	
   	HGV 	   	Fixed, one-time fee to vendor of £5,000 	   	Through no later 
than 12/31/2017, subject to an extension upon review by HLT
Continued participation in UK long term disability plan 	   	HGV 	   	
Monthly cost of £100. Increase possible for 2017 if group is moved moves to 
Small and Medium Enterprise scheme. 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, 
subject to an extension upon review by HLT
Continued participation in UK employee assistance plan 	   	HGV 	   	
Monthly cost of £44 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, subject to an 
extension upon review by HLT
Continued access to the Hilton UK and Ireland Marketplace site 	   	HGV 	   	
Monthly cost £31 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017, subject to an 
extension upon review by HLT
Continued administrative support for UK Hilton Worldwide (UK) personal 
retirement plan (DC Plan) and UK auto-enrollment plan (DC Plan) for certain 
specified employee(s) 	   	HGV 	   	Monthly cost £127 	   	Through no later 
than 12/31/2017, subject to an extension upon review by HLT
Administrative support in establishing new UK DC plans and related 
administrative services 	   	HGV 	   	Fixed, one-time fee of £7,000 	   	
Through no later than 12/31/2017, subject to an extension upon review by 
HLT
Recruitment
Continued access to various recruitment-related systems and support 
(excluding set-up costs) 	   	HGV & PK 	   	Estimated aggregate annual cost 
$188,500 (HGV)/ $14,810 (PK) 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Background check and drug testing (new hire) services. 	   	PK 	   	$4,950 	
   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Support for executive and corporate recruitment 	   	PK 	   	
Executive: 25% of base salary per requisition not to exceed $100,000.
Corporate: 20% of base salary per requisition
   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Recruitment services for select properties 	   	PK 	   	Cost is based on a 
cost per requisition model. 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
Recruitment services for management level resort roles and volume resort 
roles 	   	HGV 	   	$500 to $2012 (region dependent) per role for 
management level resort roles and $225 to $1,600 (region dependent) per 
role for volume resort roles 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017 (for 
management resort roles) and 12/31/2017 (for volume resort roles)
Support to design, develop, prepare and deliver affirmative action plans, 
develop and deliver OFCCP training; provide OFCCP compliance and audit 
support. 	   	HGV 	   	$19,195 	   	Through no later than 12/1/2017
Learning
Course hosting and creation on Hilton Worldwide University 	   	HGV 	   	
$20 per current course hosting fee.
 
$220 per new course to load and host
   	Through no later than 3/31/2017
Continued access to courseware vendor and software 	   	HGV 	   	Estimated 
aggregate cost $38,520 including license fee. 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Sales training learning license fee 	   	HGV 	   	17% of full 2017 contract 
amount. 	   	Through no later than 9/30/2017
Ad-hoc learning and development 	   	PK 	   	$250/hour 	   	Through no 
later than 12/31/2017
HR IT Systems
Continued support in connection with employee lists, Talent 
Acquisition/Recruitment, continued access to The Lobby, and 
performance/talent management consulting support. 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
$250/hour 	   	Through no later than (a) 12/31/2017 or (b) until a new HCM 
is implemented by HGV or PK, whichever comes first.
Continued support to learning systemsHilton Worldwide University (HWU) 	   	
HGV 	   	$250/hour 	   	Through no later than (a) 12/31/2017 or (b) until a 
new HCM is implemented by HGV or PK, whichever comes first.
Continued access to performance management systems21 	   	PK 	   	$70/form 
for exempt employees and $3.50/form for non-exempt employees 	   	Through 
no later than 12/31/2017 or until a new HCM is implemented, whichever comes 
first.
 
21  	The performance management system is connected to transition services 
provided under the IT schedules. Please review when considering any 
modifications to these transition services.
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses19
   	
Service
Period
Technical software and IT support related to learning and performance 
management system 	   	HGV & PK 	   	$82,500 (HGV)/ $52,800 (PK) annual 
cost. Will be billed on a quarterly basis. 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017 or until a new HCM is implemented, whichever comes first.
Access to human resource call center 	   	PK 	   	$50/case 	   	Through no 
later than 12/31/2017
HRIS consultingtechnical system and integration support 	   	HGV & PK 	   	
$250/hour 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
HR/BENEFITS RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY PK
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Non-US Benefits
Continued participation in Brazilian health benefits Seguro Saude 
Empresarial (medical and dental insurance) for certain specified 
employee(s) 	   	HLT 	   	Monthly cost $1,500 	   	Through no later than 
12/31/2017
Continued participation in Brazilian life insurance Seguro de Vida Em Grupo 
(employer paid group life insurance) for certain specified employee(s) 	   	
HLT 	   	Monthly cost $50 	   	Through no later than 12/31/2017
 
   	For certain costs that are impacted by participation, the costs 
in this document are estimated based on current plan enrollment, employee 
contributions, salaries and elections, as applicable. Actuals will be based 
on actual number of employees participating, and employee pay and 
contribution levels.
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

SERVICES SCHEDULES
 
3. 	INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
 
  	a. 	INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO HGV
 
  	b. 	INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO PK
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO HGV
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Financial and Core HR Systems
General Ledger Systems  Management of general ledger used to keep track of 
all financial transactions. Hilton provides the following support for GL 
systems:
 
Accounts Receivable and Billing Systems  Management of systems used to 
support accounting transactions dealing with the billing of a customer for 
goods and services that a customer has ordered. Hilton provides the 
following support for AR and Billing systems:
 
Accounts Payable Systems  Management of systems used to support money owed 
by Hilton to its suppliers. Hilton provides the following support for 
accounts payable systems:
 
Financial Reporting Systems  Suite of applications used to support both 
internal management reporting as well as the foundation for external 
reporting (e.g., SEC and Statutory). Includes capabilities to create/update 
budgets and forecasts as well as report on actuals during close.
 
Enterprise Data Warehouse reporting/HGV Dashboard
 
Current reports will be serviced as is
 
Costs of any requested changes will be discussed and costs will be mutually 
agreed
 
Budgeting and Forecasting Systems  Management of systems used to manage 
the budgeting and forecasting process. Hilton provides functional and IT 
support for hotel users during global business working hours with weekend 
support during budget season.
 
Reconciliation Systems  Management of systems used to manage the financial 
close process and bank reconciliations. Hilton provides the following 
support for reconciliation systems:
   	Annual cost: $950,000 	   	
24 months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
 
41

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Travel and Expense Systems  Management of systems used to process 
transactions associated with travel and valid company expenses. Hilton 
provides the following support for travel and expense systems:
 
Human Resources, Payroll, Timekeeping, and Related Systems  Management of 
the core PeopleSoft 9.1 Human Resources, Payroll and Timekeeping 
environment including ADP, UniFocus, Greenware, Ceridian UK Payroll and 
related services. Manage vendor partners including Dell, TCS, etc.
 
All Financial and Core HR Systems Include:
 
Functional and IT support for end users.
 
Ensures that all transactions have been properly accounted for and 
accurately reflected in the companys accounting process.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Management of change control to support SOX compliance.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	 	   	
Legal and Contracting Systems
Legal and Contracting  Management of systems used to support the legal and 
contracting functions. Hilton provides the following support for Legal and 
Contracting systems:
 
Matter management, contract negotiation document management, contract 
repository, trademark management, corporate filing tracking, eDiscovery and 
legal hold management, records management.
 
Physical and digital records management.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	Annual cost: $150,000 	   	
9 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
 
42

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Help Desk Services
Help Desk and Desktop Support  Management of the help desk. 	   	Annual 
cost: $550,000 	   	
8 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on count of users with access to the help desk
Data Center and Security Management
Data Center  Management of servers and other infrastructure housed in a 
data center. This includes management of the business resumption planning, 
disaster recovery requirements and crisis planning/communication.
 
Identity Systems  Management of the Identity Management and Directory 
Services environments. IDM manages the provisioning and lifecycle of 
accounts in the Hilton ecosystem.
 
Management of IDM and Authentication infrastructure.
 
Day to day support of IDM, LDAP, RSA Access Manager and Securid servers.
 
Distribution of RSA Securid tokens.
 
User account management including Add/Remove resources and roles to user 
accounts moves between Organizations.
 
User lockout and other password issues including password out of sync 
issues.
 
Troubleshooting and resolving account issues.
 
Creation of Corporate Contractor and Call Center contractor accounts.
 
Bug fixes for existing IDM functionality.
 
New feature enhancements for IDM Website.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new roles/capabilities according to 
given business requirements.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new workflows to support business 
processes.
   	Annual cost: $4,175,000 	   	
14 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on count of servers receiving services
 
43

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Creation, testing and deployment of new user types.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new SSO federation agreements.
 
Maintain and administer the information security program protecting the 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data.
 
Develop and maintain information security policies, standards, and 
processes.
 
Provide guidance and direction on information security matters during the 
project lifecycle, as well as technology and technology services 
procurement.
 
Manage information security communications and inquiries with internal and 
external stakeholders.
 
Web Proxy Services  Management of the web proxy environment used for 
security and bandwidth management purposes.
 
Scan, filter, and protect against email attacks originating from malicious 
attachments, links, and other methods.
 
Services are not severable while using the Hilton email system.
 
Scan and block malicious network traffic.
 
Control internal and external network traffic based on network, host, and 
port / protocol.
 
Services are not severable while using Hilton Internet, data center, and / 
or WAN connections.
 
Protect against malicious activity on servers and workstations.
 
Perform change auditing and alerting.
 
Protect sensitive accounts and passwords from misuse.
 
Identify security vulnerabilities and route for resolution.
 
Services are not severable while hosts reside in Hilton networks.
 
Monitor the environment for potential security incidents. Review and 
investigate as warranted.
 
Platform to deliver and track information security awareness training for 
general users.
   	 	   	
 
44

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Platform to deliver and track secure code training for developers.
 
Maintain and enhance the IT internal controls program necessary to support 
SOX requirements and the Centralized Accounting service organization audit 
(SOC1).
 
Maintain and enhance the PCI program necessary to support periodic 
compliance validation reporting.
 
File and Print Services  Management of local file and print services along 
with any other local on premise servers.
   	 	   	
Telecom / Network Systems
Telecom Systems  Management of the telecom environment. This includes 
cloud PBX, voice mail, conference calling, etc.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
 
VPN Services  Management of the VPN environment for all global network 
access.
 
Network Connectivity  Management of the Local and Wide Area Networking 
environment. Includes items such as switches, WAPs, routers, etc. Also 
includes access to video conferencing.
   	Annual cost: $550,000 	   	
14 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
Email and Related Services
Email and Related Services  Management of the email environment. This 
includes distribution list creation and management, email archiving, mobile 
device access, instant messaging, list server, etc.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	Annual cost: $650,000 	   	
8 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on count of email users receiving services
 
45

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Intranet and Portal Systems
Intranet and Portal Systems  Management of the Intranet, Portal and Team 
Sites.
 
Corporate communications, portfolio reporting, property operational 
reporting and collaboration resources.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	Annual cost: $200,000 	   	
10 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
Pass Through of Direct Software Costs
Direct Software Costs including Oracle and Microsoft. 	   	Annual cost: 
$2,325,000 	   	
24 months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on direct costs
Benefits Conversion
Conversion: HGVC and REIT will be responsible for all aspects (including 
cost) of the migration of systems to their end state environments during 
the transition period. This includes any required system selection, 
contracting, design, implementation, and testing of the systems. All system 
configuration data such as user profiles, report definition, interface 
configurations, external interface data, system rules, application tables, 
etc. will be provided by Hilton as reasonably requested. Hilton will 
provide any available documentation of current system configurations as 
reasonably requested. 	   	$300/hour 	   	
24 months
 
Cost based on actual usage
 
46

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Data Migration
Systems & Data Migration: Hilton will provide data owned by the relevant 
party in a format requested as reasonably requested. 	   	$300/hour 	   	
24 months
 
Cost based on actual usage
 
47

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT TO PK
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Financial Systems
General Ledger Systems  Management of general ledger used to keep track of 
all financial transactions. Hilton provides the following support for GL 
systems:
 
Accounts Receivable and Billing Systems  Management of systems used to 
support accounting transactions dealing with the billing of a customer for 
goods and services that a customer has ordered. Hilton provides the 
following support for AR and Billing systems:
 
Accounts Payable Systems  Management of systems used to support money owed 
by Hilton to its suppliers. Hilton provides the following support for 
accounts payable systems:
 
Financial Reporting Systems  Suite of applications used to support both 
internal management reporting as well as the foundation for external 
reporting (e.g., SEC and Statutory). Includes capabilities to create/update 
budgets and forecasts as well as report on actuals during close.
 
Enterprise Data Warehouse reporting/HGV Dashboard
 
Current reports will be serviced as is
 
Costs of any requested changes will be discussed and costs will be mutually 
agreed
 
Budgeting and Forecasting Systems  Management of systems used to manage 
the budgeting and forecasting process. Hilton provides functional and IT 
support for hotel users during global business working hours with weekend 
support during budget season.
 
Reconciliation Systems  Management of systems used to manage the financial 
close process and bank reconciliations. Hilton provides the following 
support for reconciliation systems:
 
Travel and Expense Systems  Management of systems used to process 
transactions associated with travel and valid company expenses. Hilton 
provides the following support for travel and expense systems:
   	Annual cost: $181,000 	   	
24 months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
 
48

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Human Resources, Payroll, Timekeeping, and Related Systems  Management of 
the core PeopleSoft 9.1 Human Resources, Payroll and Timekeeping 
environment including ADP, UniFocus, Greenware, Ceridian UK Payroll and 
related services. Manage vendor partners including Dell, TCS, etc.
 
All Financial and Core HR Systems Include:
 
Functional and IT support for end users.
 
Ensures that all transactions have been properly accounted for and 
accurately reflected in the companys accounting process.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Management of change control to support SOX compliance.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	 	   	
Treasury Systems
Treasury Systems  Management of systems used to support risk and liquidity 
management, cash management, and treasury and cash accounting. Hilton 
leverages a system called Global Treasury Management System (GTMS) that is 
based on the Wall Street Systems software. This is a 3rd party hosted 
system that integrates with Hiltons network via a dedicated T1 connection. 
Hilton provides the following IT support for treasury systems: 	   	Annual 
Cost: $19,000 	   	
24 months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
 
49

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Legal and Contracting Systems
Legal and Contracting  Management of systems used to support the legal and 
contracting functions. Hilton provides the following support for Legal and 
Contracting systems:
 
Contract negotiation document management, contract repository, trademark 
management, corporate filing tracking, eDiscovery and legal hold 
management, records management.
 
Physical and digital records management.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	Annual Cost: $25,000 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
Design and Construction Systems
Design and Construction  Management of systems used to support the design 
and construction functions. Hilton provides the following support for 
Design and Construction systems:
 
Resource library, design submittal management, brand standards creation and 
management, property construction tracking, lead tracking, supplier product 
catalog.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
 End user security administration process.
   	Annual Cost: $50,000 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
 
50

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Help Desk and Desktop Support Services
Help Desk and Desktop Support  Management of the help desk and desk side 
support services.
 
During the TSA period while Hilton resources are being used, Contract 
Services for DSS personnel will be charged on an as-needed basis (separate 
from the $175,000 annual cost).
 
During the TSA period REIT will be charged for helpdesk services based on 
headcount reports.
 
During the TSA period while using Hilton helpdesk and DSS services 
provisioned by Hilton, the HWI Standards and SOPs will prevail.
 
Desktop Hardware and Software  Management and procurement of the client 
devices used by employees such as desktops, laptops, printers, etc. as well 
as the software installed on those devices. This includes desktop security 
services, such as anti-malware.
   	Annual Cost: $175,000 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on TSA count of users with access to the help desk
Data Center and Security Management
Data Center  Management of servers and other infrastructure housed in a 
data center. This includes management of the business resumption planning, 
disaster recovery requirements and crisis planning/communication.
 
Identity Systems  Management of the Identity Management and Directory 
Services environments. IDM manages the provisioning and lifecycle of 
accounts in the Hilton ecosystem.
 
Management of IDM and Authentication infrastructure.
 
Day to day support of IDM, LDAP, RSA Access Manager and Securid servers.
 
Distribution of RSA Securid tokens.
 
User account management including Add/Remove resources and roles to user 
accounts moves between Organizations.
 
User lockout and other password issues including password out of sync 
issues.
   	Annual Cost: $55,000 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on count of servers receiving services
 
51

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Troubleshooting and resolving account issues.
 
Creation of Corporate Contractor and Call Center contractor accounts.
 
Bug fixes for existing IDM functionality.
 
New feature enhancements for IDM Website.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new roles/capabilities according to 
given business requirements.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new workflows to support business 
processes.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new user types.
 
Creation, testing and deployment of new SSO federation agreements.
 
Maintain and administer the information security program protecting the 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data.
 
Develop and maintain information security policies, standards, and 
processes.
 
Provide guidance and direction on information security matters during the 
project lifecycle, as well as technology and technology services 
procurement.
 
Manage information security communications and inquiries with internal and 
external stakeholders.
 
Web Proxy Services  Management of the web proxy environment used for 
security and bandwidth management purposes.
 
Scan, filter, and protect against email attacks originating from malicious 
attachments, links, and other methods.
 
Services are not severable while using the Hilton email system.
 
Scan and block malicious network traffic.
 
Control internal and external network traffic based on network, host, and 
port / protocol.
 
Services are not severable while using Hilton Internet, data center, and / 
or WAN connections.
   	 	   	
 
52

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Protect against malicious activity on servers and workstations.
 
Perform change auditing and alerting.
 
Protect sensitive accounts and passwords from misuse.
 
Identify security vulnerabilities and route for resolution.
 
Services are not severable while hosts reside in Hilton networks.
 
Monitor the environment for potential security incidents. Review and 
investigate as warranted.
 
Platform to deliver and track information security awareness training for 
general users.
 
Platform to deliver and track secure code training for developers.
 
Maintain and enhance the IT internal controls program necessary to support 
SOX requirements and the Centralized Accounting service organization audit 
(SOC1).
 
Maintain and enhance the PCI program necessary to support periodic 
compliance validation reporting.
 
File and Print Services  Management of local file and print services along 
with any other local on premise servers.
   	 	   	
Telecom / Network Systems
Telecom Systems  Management of the telecom environment. This includes 
cloud PBX, voice mail, conference calling, etc.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
 
VPN Services  Management of the VPN environment for all global network 
access.
 
Network Connectivity  Management of the Local and Wide Area Networking 
environment. Includes items such as switches, WAPs, routers, etc. Also 
includes access to video conferencing.
   	Annual Cost: $125,000 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
 
53

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Email and Related Services
Email and Related Services  Management of the email environment. This 
includes distribution list creation and management, email archiving, mobile 
device access, instant messaging, list server, etc.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	$80/mailbox 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on count of email users receiving services
Intranet and Portal Systems
Intranet and Portal Systems  Management of the Intranet, Portal and Team 
Sites.
 
Corporate communications, portfolio reporting, property operational 
reporting and collaboration resources.
 
Management of all product releases and enhancements.
 
Infrastructure to support these systems.
 
Management of license agreements.
 
End user security administration process.
   	Annual Cost: $50,000 	   	
24 Months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Cannot be scaled down
Pass Through of Direct Software Costs
Direct Software Costs including Oracle and Microsoft. 	   	TBD as needed 	  
 	
24 months
 
Can terminate early based on TSA notice provisions
 
Can be scaled down based on direct costs
 
54

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
Conversion
Conversion: HGVC and REIT will be responsible for all aspects (including 
cost) of the migration of systems to their end state environments during 
the transition period. This includes any required system selection, 
contracting, design, implementation, and testing of the systems. All system 
configuration data such as user profiles, report definition, interface 
configurations, external interface data, system rules, application tables, 
etc. will be provided by Hilton as reasonably requested. Hilton will 
provide any available documentation of current system configurations as 
reasonably requested. 	   	$300/hour 	   	
24 months
 
Cost based on actual usage
Data Migration
Systems & Data Migration: Hilton will provide data owned by the relevant 
party in a format requested as reasonably requested. 	   	$300/hour 	   	
24 months
 
Cost based on actual usage
 
55

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

SERVICES SCHEDULES
 
4. 	LEGAL
  	a. 	LEGAL RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT
  	b. 	LEGAL RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HGV
  	c. 	LEGAL RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY PK
 
56

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
LEGAL RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT DURING TRANSITION PERIOD
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
  I.       Continuing Provision of Files and Documents. Upon the request of
  Service Recipient, HLT will reasonably provide the following documents
  that have not been provided to the Service Recipient in the initial
  distribution of records, which the parties agree shall occur within the
  first 90 days after the Distribution Date. After such initial
  distribution period, the following shall apply until 12/31/2018.
  Thereafter (and for the avoidance of doubt), the parties shall have the
  ongoing rights to obtain Information set forth in the Distribution
  Agreement (including under Section 8.3 thereof). Consistent with the
  Distribution Agreement, the provision of records by one Party to another
  will always be subject to appropriate exclusions and restrictions for
  classified Information, Privileged Information or Confidential
  Information (as defined in the Distribution Agreement).
  a.      Documents stored in the legal document management system
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2018
  b.      Documents catalogued in the records manager system
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2018
  c.      Management agreements and related documents
   	PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2018
  d.      Records from the matter management system
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable Hourly Rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2018
 
57

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
  e.      Additional documents not already in the possession of Service
  Recipient, including:
 
        Relevant corporate entity records and communications
 
        Real estate records for relevant properties
 
        Lease agreements and records for relevant properties (PK only)
 
        Contracts that have been retained or assumed by requesting Service
    Recipient
 
        Loan agreements retained or assumed by Service Recipient
 
        Benefit plans
 
        Labor/employment-related agreements
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2018
II. Legal Systems Access.
  a.      Access to Matter Management System. HLT will provide Service
  Recipient with continued access to and use of matter management software
  system.
   	HGV 	   	
Cost of license
+
Any applicable hourly rate for technical support provided by HLT
   	
Effective Date  12/31/2017 for HGV
 
Effective Date  9/30/2017 for PK
  b.      Matter Management Data Migration. HLT will provide consulting
  services in connection with migrating PK data out of existing matter
  management system into new environment (to the extent not complete in the
  initial distribution of records), including:
 
        Formulating plan for migrating such data
 
        Engaging and directing necessary third party vendors to migrate
    data
   	PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	03/31/2017  9/30/2017
 
58

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Service
Period
  c.      Legal matter management. HLT will provide Service Recipient with
  continued access to certain functions with respect to those legal matters
  assumed by Service Recipient, including:
 
        eDiscovery email data collection
 
        continuing litigation holds and notices
 
  Upon and as of the email systems separation date, HLT will provide a file
  with the relevant eDiscovery and/or litigation hold data for each
  relevant matter
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
Applicable third party vendor costs
   	Effective Date  Email systems separation date
  d.      Entity Management Data Migration. HLT will provide consulting
  services in connection with migrating PK data out of existing BluePrint
  entity management system into new BluePrint license separately obtained
  by PK, including:
 
        Formulating plan for migrating such data
 
        Engaging and directing with BluePrint to migrate data
   	PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  3/31/2018
  III.   Consulting Services. Upon the request of Service Recipient, HLT
  will reasonably provide consulting services regarding specific matters in
  the areas set forth below. Notwithstanding the 12/31/17 end date for such
  services (and for the avoidance of doubt), the parties shall thereafter
  have the ongoing rights to obtain Information set forth in the
  Distribution Agreement (including under Section 8.3 thereof).
  a.      Litigation. Consulting services related to claims and litigation
  assumed by Service Recipient (excluding any and all claims or litigation
  to which HLT is or may be adverse), including:
 
        Factual background information related to such claims and not
    already in possession of Service Recipient
 
        Assistance with discovery requests or responses related to such
    claims
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2017
 
59

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs and
Expenses
   	
Service
Period
  b.      Regulatory Compliance. Consulting services related to regulatory
  practices, procedures, policies and compliance with respect to the
  business of the Service Recipient, including:
 
        Historical FCPA compliance policies and procedures
 
        Assistance with data and records related to OFAC compliance
    programs
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/17
  c.      Benefits Plans. Consulting services related to start-up and
  ongoing administration of benefit plan matters set forth in Employment
  Matters Agreement, including:
 
        Historical benefits plans
 
        Benefit plan transition matters (e.g., assumption of existing
    plan, adoption of new plan, etc.)
 
        Notices and correspondence related to benefits plans
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2017
  d.      Labor & Employment. Consulting services related to ongoing labor
  and employment matters, including:
 
        Historical information related to labor unions and card check
 
        Historical information related to collective bargaining
   	HGV, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective Date  12/31/2017

Hourly Rates for Consulting Services Performed by HLT
 
  	 	  	Administrative Assistant/Paralegal: $225/hour
 
  	 	  	Systems Services and Consulting: $281/hour
 
  	 	  	Junior Attorney: $450/hour
 
  	 	  	Senior Attorney: $750/hour
 
60

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
LEGAL RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HGV DURING TRANSITION PERIOD
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Minimum Service
Period
  I.       Upon request of Service Recipient, HGV will reasonably provide
  records and documents not already in the possession of Service
  Recipients, subject to appropriate exclusions and restrictions for
  classified Information, Privileged Information or Confidential
  Information (as defined in the Distribution Agreement) *
   	HLT, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective date  12/31/2017
  II.     Upon the request of Service Recipient, HGV will reasonably
  provide consulting services regarding specific questions related to
  Service Recipient matters, excluding any and all claims or litigation to
  which HGV is or may be adverse
   	HLT, PK 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective date  12/31/2017
 
* 	After 12/31/17 (and for the avoidance of doubt), the parties shall have 
the ongoing rights to obtain Information set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement (including under Section 8.3 thereof).

Hourly Rates for Legal Services Performed by HGV
 
  	 	  	Administrative Assistant/Paralegal: $225/hour
 
  	 	  	Systems Services and Consulting: $281/hour
 
  	 	  	Junior Attorney: $450/hour
 
  	 	  	Senior Attorney: $750/hour
 
61

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
LEGAL RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY PK DURING TRANSITION PERIOD
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs and Expenses
   	
Minimum Service
Period
  I.       Upon request of Service Recipient, PK will reasonably provide
  records and documents not already in the possession of Service
  Recipients, subject to appropriate exclusions and restrictions for
  classified Information, Privileged Information or Confidential
  Information (as defined in the Distribution Agreement) *
   	HGV, HLT 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective date  12/31/2017
  II.     Upon the request of Service Recipient, PK will reasonably provide
  consulting services regarding specific questions related to Service
  Recipient matters, excluding any and all claims or litigation to which PK
  is or may be adverse
   	HGV, HLT 	   	
Applicable hourly rate
+
any necessary third party costs
   	Effective date  12/31/2017
 
* 	After 12/31/17 (and for the avoidance of doubt), the parties shall have 
the ongoing rights to obtain Information set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement (including under Section 8.3 thereof).

Hourly Rates for Legal Services Performed by PK
 
  	 	  	Administrative Assistant/Paralegal: $225/hour
 
  	 	  	Systems Services and Consulting: $281/hour
 
  	 	  	Junior Attorney: $450/hour
 
  	 	  	Senior Attorney: $750/hour
 
62

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

SERVICES SCHEDULES
 
5. 	RISK MANAGEMENT
 
63

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO]
 
RISK MANAGEMENT RELATED SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY HLT
 
Services
   	
Service Recipient(s)
   	
Market Rate Costs
and Expenses
   	
Minimum Service
Period
Insurance Consulting and Advisory Programs
Insurance program consulting and advisory services 	   	PK 	   	$10,000 
flat fee 	   	A period of 90 days commencing on the Effective Date.
Insurance program consulting and advisory services 	   	PK 	   	$150/hour 	
   	A period commencing 90 days after the Effective Date and ending on 
12/31/18
Safety & Security and Business Continuity/Crisis Management
Provide regional support services to all locations:
 
        Annual Safety & Security audit completed
 
        Regional S&S team support for day to day issues/incidents as
    needed
 
        Business Continuity/Crisis Management support provided as needed
   	
HGV (all property locations including corporate offices**) & PK (for all 
non-HLT managed locations including corporate offices)
 
**Except Captiva, Marco Island, and Stuart, FL locations, which 
historically have not received S&S support/audit services
   	
$2,500/annually for each location for both HGV & PK**
 
** Includes cost of conducting annual audit, responding day-to-day 
requests/issues and providing threat monitoring and if needed, crisis 
management support as available through HLT BCM team and vendors. Note that 
any 3rd party costs for crisis management above and beyond HLTs already 
contracted support would be billed separately and HGV/PK would be provided 
approval rights prior to incurring such costs.
   	
Post-spin 2016 through 12/31/17
 
PK and HGV managed locations must exit programs after the above date.
 
64