 EX-10.1 2 d319391dex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDMENTS TO THE
CYTODYN INC. 2012 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Dated: February 12, 2017

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of CytoDyn Inc. (the Company) heretofore 
established the CytoDyn Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan); and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors desires to amend the Plan to increase the 
number of shares of common stock of the Corporation available for grants of 
Awards (as defined under the Plan) thereunder from 7,000,000 to 
15,000,000 (not counting shares of common stock that have previously been 
issued pursuant to the Plan or that are the subject of outstanding Awards 
under the Plan), all of which are to be available as grants as Incentive 
Stock Options; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors also desires to amend the Plan to increase 
the number of shares of common stock of the Corporation that may be granted 
under the Plan to any individual during a year with respect to Options 
and/or Stock Appreciation Rights from 1,000,000 to 3,000,000; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors further desires to amend the Plan to 
increase the number of shares of common stock of the Corporation that may 
be granted under the Plan as Restricted Share Awards and/or Restricted Unit 
Awards from 2,500,000 to 5,000,000; and

WHEREAS, Article 12 of the Plan authorizes the Board of Directors to amend 
the Plan, subject to shareholder approval to the extent that such approval 
is required by applicable law;

NOW, THEREFORE, subject to approval of the Companys shareholders, 
effective the date hereof, the Plan is hereby amended as follows:

1. Section 4.3 of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety, to read as 
follows:

4.3 Shares Subject to the Plan. The Shares which may be made subject to 
Awards under the Plan are Shares of Common Stock, which may be either 
authorized and unissued Shares or reacquired Shares. Subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Article 11, the maximum number of Shares for which Awards may 
be granted under the Plan is 15,000,000, all of which may be issued under 
the Plan through Incentive Stock Options. If an Award under the Plan is 
canceled or expires for any reason prior to having been fully Vested or 
exercised by a Participant, is settled in cash in lieu of Shares or is 
exchanged for other Awards, or is otherwise forfeited or terminated, all 
Shares covered by such Awards will be added back into the number of Shares 
available for future Awards under the Plan. In addition, if the exercise 
price of any Option granted under the Plan is

------------------------------------------------------------------------
satisfied by tendering Shares to the Corporation, only the number of Shares 
issued net of Shares tendered to the Corporation shall be deemed delivered 
for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available under 
the Plan.

2. Section 6.8 of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety, to read as 
follows:

6.8 Limitation on Number of Shares Subject to Options. In no event may 
Options for more than 3,000,000 Shares be granted to any individual under 
the Plan during any calendar year. To the extent required by Section 162(m) 
of the Code, if any Option is canceled, the canceled Option shall continue 
to be counted against the maximum number of Shares for which Options may be 
granted to an individual under the Plan.

3. Section 7.5 of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety, to read as 
follows:

7.5 Limitation on Number of Stock Appreciation Rights. The maximum number 
of Shares with respect to which Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted to 
any individual under the Plan during any calendar year is 3,000,000. To the 
extent required by Section 162(m) of the Code, if any SAR is canceled, the 
canceled SAR shall continue to be counted against the maximum number of 
Shares for which SARs may be granted to an individual under the Plan.

4. Section 8.7 of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety, to read as 
follows:

8.7 Limitation in Number of Restricted Awards. The aggregate number of 
Shares subject to Restricted Share Awards and Restricted Unit Awards that 
may be granted under the Plan may not exceed 5,000,000 Shares.

[Signature Page Follows]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed these Amendments as 
evidence of their adoption by the Board of Directors of the Company on the 
date set forth above.
 
CYTODYN INC.
 By:
  	
/s/ Michael D. Mulholland
 Title:
  	Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and
Corporate Secretary
 Date:
  	February 13, 2017