 EX-10.4 5 d300797dex104.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4

RETIREMENT AGREEMENT

This Retirement Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of February 8, 2017, 
is made by and between S.A. Ibrahim (Employee) and Radian Group Inc. (
Radian). This Agreement provides for all payments to which Employee may be 
entitled from the Company (as defined below), including under the 
Employment Agreement between Employee and Radian dated November 12, 2014 
(the Employment Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement provides for Employees continued service 
to the Company through December 31, 2017.

WHEREAS, in support of Radians transition to a new Chief Executive 
Officer, Employee has agreed to retire prior to the end of the term of the 
Employment Agreement, and Radian has agreed to compensate Employee for the 
compensation he would have received had he continued in employment through 
the end of the term of the Employment Agreement.

WHEREAS, as used in this Agreement, any reference to Employee shall include 
Employee and, in their capacities as such, Employees heirs, 
administrators, representatives, executors, legatees, successors, agents 
and assigns. As used in this Agreement, any reference to the Company 
shall mean Radian and each subsidiary of Radian.

In consideration of the mutual promises, agreements and representations 
contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.    Termination of Service. Employee acknowledges that as of March 5, 
2017 (the Retirement Date), Employee will retire from employment with the 
Company. Employee hereby resigns from all positions and offices with the 
Company, including as an officer or director of the Company, as of March 5, 
2017, and Employee agrees to sign any confirmations with respect to his 
ceasing to be an officer or director as the Company deems appropriate.


2.    Companys Obligations.

a)    The Company will pay Employee a lump sum payment for Employees 
accrued but unpaid salary. Such payment will be made in a single lump sum 
by the regular payroll date for the pay period in which the Retirement Date 
occurs.

b)    If Employee does not revoke this Agreement as described in Section 
16, Employee shall receive the following payments and benefits following 
the Retirement Date:

(1)    Employee shall receive Employees 2016 STI award under the STI/MTI 
Incentive Plan for Executive Employees (the STI/MTI Plan) in the amount

------------------------------------------------------------------------
determined by the independent members of the Board of Directors of Radian 
(the Board) on February 8, 2017. Such amount shall be paid to Employee in 
a lump sum in cash when 2016 STI awards are paid to other participants in 
the STI/MTI Plan and in no event later than March 15, 2017.

(2)    Employee shall receive Employees MTI award for the 2015-2016 
performance period under the STI/MTI Plan as determined by the Compensation 
and Human Resources Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) 
on February 7, 2017. Such award shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum in 
cash when such MTI awards are paid to other participants in the STI/MTI 
Plan and in no event later than March 15, 2017.

(3)    Employee shall be eligible to earn an MTI target award for the 
2016-2017 performance period under the STI/MTI Plan, based on 2017 
performance against the MTI performance goals established by the 
Compensation Committee under the STI/MTI Plan for the 2017 year. Such MTI 
award, if any, shall be paid to Employee when 2017 MTI awards are paid to 
other participants in the STI/MTI Plan and in no event later than March 15, 
2018.

(4)    The Compensation Committee shall grant Employee performance-based 
restricted stock units (the PSUs) with a grant date value based on the 
closing price of a share of Company common stock on the New York Stock 
Exchange (NYSE) on the date of grant (the Grant Date Share Price) of 
$1,950,000. The Compensation Committee shall grant the PSUs on a date 
determined by the Compensation Committee prior to the Retirement Date (the 
Grant Date). The PSUs shall vest in full if the closing price of the 
Companys common stock on the NYSE for any ten consecutive trading days 
during the performance period commencing ten trading days prior to the 
first anniversary of the Grant Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of 
the Grant Date equals or exceeds 120% of the Grant Date Share Price (the 
PSU Stock Price Hurdle); provided, however, that without regard to whether 
the PSU Stock Price Hurdle has been met, the PSUs shall vest in full on (A) 
Employees death or (B) a Change in Control (as defined in the PSU grant 
agreement). Shares of Radian common stock shall be delivered in settlement 
of the vested PSUs within 30 days following the applicable vesting date. 
The PSUs shall be forfeited if the PSU Stock Price Hurdle is not met by the 
fifth anniversary of the Grant Date. The PSU grant agreement will be 
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A.

(5)    Simultaneous with the execution of this Agreement, Radian and 
Employee have entered into the Consulting Agreement.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
c)    In addition, if Employee signs and does not revoke the Final Release 
attached as Exhibit B (the Final Release) on or within five days after 
the Retirement Date, Employee will receive the following:

(1)    The Company shall pay Employee a lump sum cash payment of $801,784, 
which represents the base salary, 401(k) plan match and cost of long-term 
disability insurance that Employee would have received had he remained 
employed through the end of the term of the Employment Agreement. The 
payment will be made in January 2018, subject to Employees compliance with 
the Restrictive Covenants described in Section 3 below.

(2)    The Company shall pay Employee a lump sum cash payment of $41,288, 
which represents the 2017 contribution that would have been made to 
Radians Benefit Restoration Plan (BRP) for Employee had he continued in 
employment through the end of the term of the Employment Agreement. The 
payment will be made at the same time as Employees BRP benefit is paid 
pursuant to the terms of the BRP.

(3)    The Company shall permit Employee (or, in the event of his death, 
his current wife Nina Ibrahim (Mrs. Ibrahim)) to elect medical coverage 
for himself and, where applicable, Mrs. Ibrahim under the Companys medical 
plan in effect at the Retirement Date, as such plan may be changed by the 
Company from time to time for employees generally, during the Coverage 
Period (as defined below). For purposes of this subsection (3), medical 
coverage includes both medical and dental coverage. The coverage shall be 
provided as follows:

(i)    The Coverage Period for Employee shall be the period beginning on 
the Retirement Date and ending on the first to occur of (ii) March 5, 2018, 
(ii) the date on which Employee becomes eligible for medical coverage under 
a plan maintained by a new employer or under a plan maintained by his 
spouses employer, whichever is sooner, or (iii) the date of Employees 
death. The Coverage Period for Mrs. Ibrahim shall be the period beginning 
on the Retirement Date and ending on the first to occur of (i) the date on 
which Mrs. Ibrahim becomes eligible to elect medical coverage under Social 
Security Medicare, (ii) the date on which Mrs. Ibrahim becomes eligible for 
medical coverage under a plan maintained by a new employer of Employee or 
under a plan maintained by her employer, whichever is sooner, or (iii) the 
date of her death. Employee (or, where applicable, Mrs. Ibrahim) shall 
notify the Company of his or her eligibility for alternate coverage as 
described above within 30 days of becoming eligible for any such coverage.

(ii)    Employee (or, where applicable, Mrs. Ibrahim) shall pay the full 
monthly premium cost of medical coverage under this subsection (3) for the 
Coverage Period. The monthly premium cost shall be the monthly COBRA 
premium during the COBRA health care continuation coverage period under 
section 4980B of the Code (as defined below) (the COBRA Period). After 
the COBRA Period, the monthly premium cost shall be the Companys deemed 
premium cost of such medical coverage for Employee and Mrs. Ibrahim, which 
shall be determined actuarially by the Companys advisors. The COBRA Period 
shall run concurrently with the Coverage Period.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)    During the portion of the Coverage Period in which Employee and/or 
Mrs. Ibrahim (as applicable) continue to receive coverage under the 
Companys medical plan, the Company shall pay Employee (or, where 
applicable, Mrs. Ibrahim) an amount equal to the premium cost described in 
subparagraph (ii) above, minus the same employee contribution rate as is 
paid by Company employees for medical coverage, as in effect from time to 
time, which payment shall be made in advance on the first payroll day of 
each month, commencing with the month immediately following the Retirement 
Date.

d)    The Company shall provide Employee with secretarial support for 60 
days following the Retirement Date and thereafter shall forward any 
personal mail received by the Company to an address designated by Employee.

e)    Employees outstanding equity awards shall be administered according 
to the terms of the applicable grant agreements, which have been granted 
pursuant to Section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement

f)    In the event Employee dies after the Retirement Date, any payments 
due to Employee under this Agreement or the Award Agreements and not paid 
prior to Employees death shall be made to the personal representative of 
Employees estate.

g)    Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment 
or benefit provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or 
otherwise. The amount of any payment or benefit provided for herein shall 
not be reduced by any compensation earned by other employment or otherwise, 
except as provided above with respect to the COBRA Reimbursement. The 
Companys obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement 
and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by 
any circumstances, including, without limitation, any set-off, 
counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company may have 
against Employee or others, subject to the provisions of Section 2(i) and 
the Restrictive Covenants described in Section 3 below. to the extent 
applicable. The Company agrees to pay, to the full extent permitted by law, 
all legal fees and expenses which Employee may reasonably incur as a result 
of any contest by the Company, Employee or others of the validity or 
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or 
the Consulting Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof (including 
as a result of any contest by Employee about the amount of any payment 
pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed 
payment at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 
7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code; provided that Employee prevails on at least one 
material issue contested by the Company or other third party, as 
applicable.

h)    All payments under this Agreement shall be made subject to applicable 
tax withholding, and the Company shall withhold from any payments under 
this Agreement all federal, state and local taxes that the Company is 
required to withhold pursuant to any law or governmental rule or 
regulation. Employee shall be responsible for all employee taxes applicable 
to amounts payable under this Agreement.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
i)    Payments of any incentive compensation under this Agreement shall be 
subject to Radians Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy in effect as 
of the date of this Agreement, to the extent applicable.

j)    Employee shall not be entitled to any severance amounts under any 
severance plans of the Company or the Employment Agreement.

k)    Employee shall be reimbursed for all necessary and reasonable travel 
and other business expenses incurred by Employee in the performance of his 
duties prior to the Retirement Date in accordance with such reasonable 
accounting procedures as the Company shall have adopted generally for 
executives as in effect prior to the Retirement Date. Employee shall be 
reimbursed for (or, at Employees election, the Company will pay Employees 
attorneys directly) Employees reasonable legal fees incurred in connection 
with the negotiation and finalization of this Agreement and the related 
agreements (up to a maximum of $25,000).


3.    Employees Obligations.

a)    Employee agrees to comply with (i) the restrictive covenants and 
agreements set forth in Section 16 of the Employment Agreement and the 
restrictive covenants under the equity award agreements between Employee 
and the Company (the Award Agreements), as modified as described below, 
(ii) all confidentiality obligations with respect to the Company under the 
Companys Code of Conduct and Ethics as in effect on the date hereof, and 
(iii) Employees covenant and agreement under Section 3(b) below 
(collectively, the Restrictive Covenants). Employee and the Company agree 
that the Restriction Period in Section 16 of the Employment Agreement and 
the Restricted Period (or any similar term) in any Award Agreement shall 
continue through March 5, 2018. The Parties agree that the Restrictive 
Covenants are the exclusive covenants applicable to Employee following the 
Retirement Date (other than those set forth in the Consulting Agreement). 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Restrictive Covenants, in the 
event of a conflict or inconsistency between any such Restrictive 
Covenants, the covenants set forth in Section 16 of the Employment 
Agreement shall control; provided that the following non-competition 
covenant shall replace each non-competition covenant in any agreement 
containing Restrictive Covenants:

The Executive acknowledges and agrees that, during his employment with 
Radian Group Inc. and its affiliates (for purposes of this section, the 
Company), and during the period beginning on the date the Executives 
employment with the Company terminates for any reason and ending on March 
5, 2018 (the Restriction Period), the Executive will not, without the 
express written consent of the Board, engage (directly or indirectly) in 
any employment or business activity that involves or is related to 
providing any mortgage- or real estate-related service or product that, 
during the Executives employment, the Company provided or was actively 
engaged in developing through the use of Confidential Information and Trade 
Secrets, in any geographic location where the Company had an office or 
conducted business during
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Executives employment (Company Business). The Executive agrees that, 
given the nature of the Company Business, the geographic scope set forth in 
this Section is appropriate and reasonable.

b)    Employee covenants and agrees that during Employees employment by 
the Company and at all times thereafter, Employee will not willfully or 
knowingly, in any way, disparage the Company or its principals, 
shareholders, officers, directors, employees or agents in any way relating 
to the Company, including, but not limited to, its name, business 
reputation or business practices. Radian agrees that it will not, and will 
direct its executives and directors not to, willfully or knowingly 
disparage Employee in any way. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in 
this Section shall prevent any person from (a) responding publicly by a 
truthful statement to incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public 
statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such 
public statement, or (b) making any truthful statement to the extent (i) 
necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation 
involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of 
this Agreement, or (ii) required by law, legal process or by any court, 
arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any 
committee thereof) with actual or apparent jurisdiction to order such 
person to disclose or make accessible such information, including pursuant 
to Section 6 below.

c)    Employee expressly acknowledges that continuing to comply with the 
Restrictive Covenants is a material term of this Agreement. Employee 
further acknowledges that in the event that Employee is determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to have violated any of the Restrictive 
Covenants, Employee shall forfeit any unpaid amounts described in (or 
payable under agreements described in) Sections 2(b)(3), 2(b)(4), 2(b)(5), 
and 2(c), and (iii) the Company shall have no further obligation to 
Employee under such Sections. For purposes of clarity, the continuation of 
payments under this Agreement beyond the period of restriction or 
application of any Restrictive Covenant shall not be deemed to extend any 
such period.

d)    Because Employees services are personal and unique and Employee has 
had and will continue to have access to and has become and will continue to 
become acquainted with Confidential Information and Trade Secrets (as 
defined in the Employment Agreement), the parties to this Agreement 
acknowledge and agree that any breach by the Executive of any of the 
Restrictive Covenants will result in irreparable injury to the Company, for 
which money damages could not adequately compensate such entity. Therefore, 
each of Employee and the Company shall have the right (in addition to any 
other rights and remedies which it may have at law or in equity) to seek to 
enforce the Restrictive Covenants by injunction, specific performance or 
other equitable relief, without bond and without prejudice to any other 
rights and remedies that the enforcing party may have for a breach, or 
threatened breach, of the Restrictive Covenants. Each of Employee and the 
Company agrees that in any action in which either Party seeks injunction, 
specific performance or other equitable relief, neither Employee nor the 
Company will assert or contend that any of the provisions of the 
Restrictive Covenants are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.    Return of Property. Employee warrants that Employee will return all 
Company property to the Company on or before the Retirement Date and 
Employee will not retain any property of the Company (other than any items 
that the Company expressly permits Employee to keep). To the extent that 
Employee made use of Employees own personal computing devices (e.g., PDA, 
laptop, thumb drive, etc.) during employment with the Company, Employee 
will deliver such personal computing devices to the Company for review and 
will permit the Company to delete all Company property and information from 
such personal computing devices, and/or permit the Company to remotely 
delete all Company property and information from such personal computing 
devices. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary, Employee shall be permitted to retain his contacts (in electronic 
and paper form). The Company shall pack and ship at its expense the 
personal items of Employee that are in his office at the Company.

5.    Cooperation. Subject to Section 6 below, Employee agrees that, upon 
the Companys reasonable notice to Employee and taking into consideration 
Employees other commitments and obligations, Employee shall fully 
cooperate with the Company in investigating, defending, prosecuting, 
litigating, filing, initiating or asserting any actual or potential claims 
or investigations that may be made by or against the Company to the extent 
that such claims or investigations relate to any matter in which Employee 
was involved (or alleged to have been involved) while employed with the 
Company or of which Employee has knowledge by virtue of Employees 
employment with the Company. Upon submission of appropriate documentation, 
Employee shall be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
in rendering such cooperation.

6.    Permitted Conduct. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or 
restrict Employee from initiating communications directly with, or 
responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Justice, the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state or local 
regulatory authority. To the extent permitted by law, upon receipt of any 
subpoena, court order, or other legal process compelling the disclosure of 
any confidential information and trade secrets of the Company, Employee 
agrees to give prompt written notice to the Company so as to permit the 
Company to protect its interests in confidentiality to the fullest extent 
possible. Please take notice that federal law provides criminal and civil 
immunity to federal and state claims for trade secret misappropriation to 
individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a 
government official in certain, confidential circumstances that are set 
forth at 18 U.S.C. §§ 1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), related to the reporting 
or investigation of a suspected violation of the law, or in connection with 
a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of the law.

7.    Indemnification. Consistent with Section 9 of the Employment 
Agreement, the Company agrees to indemnify Employee against all claims 
arising out of actions or omissions during Employees employment by the 
Company, to the same extent and on the
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
same terms and conditions provided for in the Companys bylaws or under the 
Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each as in 
effect on the Date of this Agreement. The Company agrees it will continue 
to maintain officers and directors liability insurance to fund the 
indemnity described above in the same amount and to the same extent it 
maintains such coverage for the benefit of its other officers and 
directors.

8.    No Other Benefits or Compensation. Effective on the Retirement Date, 
Employee shall cease to be a participant in the benefit plans of the 
Company, except as provided in Section 2(c)(3) with respect to medical 
coverage. Employee acknowledges that, upon receiving the payments and 
benefits provided for in Section 2, Employee will have received all 
benefits and amounts due from the Company related to Employees employment 
with the Company, including all wages, overtime, bonuses, commissions, 
incentives, sick pay, personal leave and vacation pay to which Employee is 
entitled with respect to his service prior to the Retirement Date and that 
no other amounts are due to Employee other than as set forth in this 
Agreement. Employee also acknowledges that Employee was provided any leaves 
to which Employee was entitled in connection with Employees employment 
with the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, including Section 9, nothing in this Agreement is a waiver, 
modification or forfeiture of any vested accrued benefit that Employee may 
have under the Companys benefit plans, including any deferred compensation 
plans.


9.    Release.

a)    In further consideration of the compensation provided to Employee 
pursuant to Sections 2(b) and 2(c), the receipt of which is conditioned on 
a release, Employee hereby agrees, subject to and without waiving any 
rights identified in Section 6 (Permitted Conduct), to the maximum extent 
permitted by law, to irrevocably and unconditionally RELEASE AND FOREVER 
DISCHARGE the Company and each of its and their past or present parents, 
subsidiaries and affiliates, their past or present officers, directors, 
stockholders, employees and agents, their respective successors and 
assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, the pension and employee 
benefit plans of the Company and of the Companys past or present parents, 
subsidiaries or affiliates, and the past or present trustees, 
administrators, agents or employees of all such pension and employee 
benefit plans (hereinafter collectively included within the term the 
Released Parties), acting in any capacity whatsoever, of and from any and 
all manner of actions and causes of actions, suits, debts, claims and 
demands whatsoever in law or in equity, whether known or unknown, which 
Employee may have, or which Employees heirs, executors or administrators 
may have against the Released Parties, by reason of any matter, cause or 
thing whatsoever from the beginning of Employees employment with the 
Company to and including the date on which Employee executes this 
Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing 
general terms, any claims arising from or relating in any way to Employees 
employment relationship and/or the termination of Employees employment 
relationship with the Company, including but not limited to, any claims 
which have been asserted, could have been asserted, or could be asserted 
now or in the future, which includes any claim or
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
right based upon or arising under any federal, state or local fair 
employment practices or equal opportunity laws, including, but not limited 
to, any claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Family 
and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Equal Pay Act, the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act (ERISA) (including, but not limited to, claims for 
breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA), the Americans With Disabilities Act, 
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), the Older Workers 
Benefit Protection Act, Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, Pennsylvania 
Equal Pay Law, Pennsylvania Pregnancy Guidelines of the Human Relations 
Commission, including all amendments thereto, and any other federal, state 
or local statutes or common law under which Employee can waive Employees 
rights, any contracts between the Released Parties and Employee, and all 
claims for counsel fees and costs.

b)    In waiving and releasing any and all claims against the Released 
Parties, whether or not now known to Employee, Employee understands that 
this means that if Employee later discovers facts different from or in 
addition to those facts currently known by Employee, or believed by 
Employee to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain 
effective in all respects, despite such different or additional facts and 
Employees later discovery of such facts, even if Employee would not have 
agreed to this Agreement if Employee had prior knowledge of such facts.

c)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Employee 
does not waive (i) any entitlements under the terms of Section 2 of the 
Retirement Agreement, (ii) Employees existing right to receive vested 
accrued benefits under any equity grants or other plans or programs of the 
Company under which Employee has accrued benefits (other than under any 
Company separation or severance plan or programs), (iii) any claims that, 
by law, may not be waived, (iv) any rights or claims that may arise after 
the date Employee executes this Agreement, (v) any right to indemnification 
under this Agreement or the bylaws of the Company, or under any directors 
and officers insurance policy, with respect to Employees performance of 
duties as an employee or officer of the Company, (vi) any claim or right 
Employee may have for unemployment insurance benefits, workers 
compensation benefits, state disability and/or paid family leave insurance 
benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable state law, and (vii) any right 
Employee may have to obtain contribution in the event of the entry of 
judgment against Employee as a result of any act or failure to act for 
which both Employee and the Company or any of its officers, directors or 
employees are jointly responsible.

10.    Controlling Law. This Agreement and all matters arising out of, or 
relating to it, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

11.    Jurisdiction. Any action arising out of, or relating to, any breach 
of the Restrictive Covenants shall be brought and prosecuted only in the 
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, or 
if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, 
in any court of general jurisdiction in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the 
jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding shall be exclusive. 
Employee also irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of 
any process, pleadings, notices or other papers.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12.    Amendment. The parties agree that this Agreement may not be altered, 
amended or modified, in any respect, except by a writing duly executed by 
both Parties.

13.    Entire Agreement. The parties understand that no promise, inducement 
or other agreement not expressly contained herein has been made conferring 
any benefit upon them, that this Agreement, the Consulting Agreement and 
the Restrictive Covenants described in Section 3 contain the entire 
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
and that the terms of this Agreement are contractual and not recitals only.

14.    Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with section 409A 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or an 
exemption, and the provisions of this Section shall apply notwithstanding 
any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary. Severance benefits under 
this Agreement are intended to be exempt from section 409A of the Code 
under the short-term deferral exception, to the maximum extent 
applicable, and then under the separation pay exception, to the maximum 
extent applicable. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment 
under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service 
under section 409A of the Code. For purposes of section 409A of the Code, 
the right to a series of payments under this Agreement shall be treated as 
a right to a series of separate payments and each payment shall be treated 
as a separate payment. With respect to any payments that are subject to 
section 409A of the Code, in no event shall Employee, directly or 
indirectly, designate the calendar year of a payment. With respect to any 
payments that are subject to section 409A of the Code, in no event shall 
the timing of Employees execution of this Agreement, directly or 
indirectly, result in Employee designating the calendar year of payment of 
any amount set forth in Section 2(c), and if a payment of any amount set 
forth in Section 2(c) above is subject to section 409A of the Code and 
could be made in more than one taxable year, based on timing of the 
execution of this Agreement, payment shall be made in the later taxable 
year. Any reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement 
shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of section 
409A of the Code.

15.    Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is construed to be 
invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions hereof 
shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforceable without regard 
thereto, except that if Employee claims that the release in Section 9 is 
unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, and such release is held to be 
unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, any payments made pursuant to Section 
2(b) or 2(c) shall be returned to the Company and no further consideration 
shall be due. If any covenant or agreement is held to be unenforceable 
because of the duration thereof or the scope thereof, then the court making 
such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and limit 
the scope thereof, and the covenant or agreement shall then be enforceable 
in its reduced form.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.    ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Employee hereby acknowledges that:

a)    The Company advises Employee to consult with an attorney before 
signing this Agreement;

b)    Employee has obtained independent legal advice from an attorney of 
Employees own choice with respect to this Agreement or Employee has 
knowingly and voluntarily chosen not to do so;

c)    Employee freely, voluntarily and knowingly entered into this 
Agreement after due consideration;

d)    Employee had 21 days to review and consider this Agreement;

e)    If Employee knowingly and voluntarily chooses to do so, Employee may 
accept the terms of this Agreement before the 21 day consideration period 
provided for above has expired;

f)    Employee has a right to revoke this Agreement by notifying Anita 
Scott at the Company in writing within seven days of Employees execution 
of this Agreement. Unless revoked, this Agreement will become effective on 
the eighth day following its execution (the Effective Date);

g)    In exchange for Employees waivers, releases and commitments set 
forth herein, including Employees waiver and release of all claims arising 
under the ADEA, the payments, benefits and other considerations that 
Employee is receiving pursuant to this Agreement exceed any payment, 
benefit or other thing of value to which Employee would otherwise be 
entitled, and are just and sufficient consideration for the waivers, 
releases and commitments set forth herein; and

h)    No promise or inducement has been offered to Employee, except as 
expressly set forth herein and in the Consulting Agreement, and Employee is 
not relying upon any such promise or inducement in entering into this 
Agreement.

i)    EMPLOYEE REPRESENTS THAT EMPLOYEE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS WRITTEN IN A MANNER THAT EMPLOYEE CAN 
UNDERSTAND AND THAT THE COMPANY HAS NOT MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING 
THE TERMS OR EFFECTS OF THIS AGREEMENT OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINED HEREIN. 
EMPLOYEE FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
HEREOF, AND SIGNS THE SAME AS EMPLOYEES OWN FREE ACT.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree to 
the terms of this Agreement.
 
  	Radian Group Inc.
Date: February 8, 2017 	  	
  	By: 	  	
/s/ Anita Scott
  	Name: 	  	Anita Scott
  	Title: 	  	Chief Human Resources Officer
Date: February 8, 2017 	  	By: 	  	
/s/ S.A. Ibrahim
  	 	  	S.A. Ibrahim
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A

Form of PSU Grant Agreement
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B

Final Release

This Release Agreement (this Agreement) is made by and between S.A. 
Ibrahim (Employee) and Radian Group Inc. (Radian). Employee and Radian 
are parties to this Agreement and are collectively referred to herein as 
the Parties.

As used in this Agreement, any reference to Employee shall include 
Employee, and in their capacities as such, Employees heirs, 
administrators, representatives, executors, legatees, successors, agents 
and assigns. As used in this Agreement, any reference to the Company 
shall mean Radian and each subsidiary of Radian.


1.    Release.

a)    In further consideration of the compensation provided to Employee 
pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Retirement Agreement dated             , 
2017 between Employee and Radian (the Retirement Agreement), Employee 
hereby agrees, subject to and without waiving any rights identified in 
Paragraph 2 (Permitted Conduct) of this Agreement, to the maximum extent 
permitted by law, to irrevocably and unconditionally RELEASE AND FOREVER 
DISCHARGE the Company and each of its and their past or present parents, 
subsidiaries and affiliates, their past or present officers, directors, 
stockholders, employees and agents, their respective successors and 
assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, the pension and employee 
benefit plans of the Company and of the Companys past or present parents, 
subsidiaries or affiliates, and the past or present trustees, 
administrators, agents or employees of all such pension and employee 
benefit plans (hereinafter collectively included within the term the 
Released Parties), acting in any capacity whatsoever, of and from any and 
all manner of actions and causes of actions, suits, debts, claims and 
demands whatsoever in law or in equity, whether known or unknown, which 
Employee may have, or which Employees heirs, executors or administrators 
may have against the Released Parties, by reason of any matter, cause or 
thing whatsoever from the beginning of Employees employment with the 
Company to and including the date on which Employee executes this 
Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing 
general terms, any claims arising from or relating in any way to Employees 
employment relationship and/or the termination of Employees employment 
relationship with the Company, including but not limited to, any claims 
which have been asserted, could have been asserted, or could be asserted 
now or in the future, which includes any claim or right based upon or 
arising under any federal, state or local fair employment practices or 
equal opportunity laws, including, but not limited to, any claims under 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Family and Medical Leave Act 
of 1993, the Equal Pay Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (
ERISA) (including, but not limited to, claims for breach of fiduciary duty 
under ERISA), the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination 
in Employment Act (ADEA), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, 
Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, Pennsylvania Equal Pay Law, Pennsylvania 
Pregnancy
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guidelines of the Human Relations Commission, including all amendments 
thereto, and any other federal, state or local statutes or common law under 
which Employee can waive Employees rights, any contracts between the 
Released Parties and Employee, and all claims for counsel fees and costs.

b)    In waiving and releasing any and all claims against the Released 
Parties, whether or not now known to Employee, Employee understands that 
this means that if Employee later discovers facts different from or in 
addition to those facts currently known by Employee, or believed by 
Employee to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain 
effective in all respects, despite such different or additional facts and 
Employees later discovery of such facts, even if Employee would not have 
agreed to this Agreement if Employee had prior knowledge of such facts.

c)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Employee 
does not waive (i) any entitlements under the terms of Section 2 of the 
Retirement Agreement, (ii) Employees existing right to receive vested 
accrued benefits under any equity grants or other plans or programs of the 
Company under which Employee has accrued benefits (other than under any 
Company separation or severance plan or programs), (iii) any claims that, 
by law, may not be waived, (iv) any rights or claims that may arise after 
the date Employee executes this Agreement, (v) any right to indemnification 
under the bylaws of the Company or the Retirement Agreement, or under any 
directors and officers insurance policy, with respect to Employees 
performance of duties as an employee or officer of the Company, (vi) any 
claim or right Employee may have for unemployment insurance benefits, 
workers compensation benefits, state disability and/or paid family leave 
insurance benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable state law, and (vii) 
any right Employee may have to obtain contribution in the event of the 
entry of judgment against Employee as a result of any act or failure to act 
for which both Employee and the Company or any of its officers, directors 
or employees are jointly responsible.

d)    Permitted Conduct. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or 
restrict Employee from initiating communications directly with, or 
responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Justice, the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state or local 
regulatory authority. To the extent permitted by law, upon receipt of any 
subpoena, court order, or other legal process compelling the disclosure of 
any confidential information and trade secrets of the Company, Employee 
agrees to give prompt written notice to the Company so as to permit the 
Company to protect its interests in confidentiality to the fullest extent 
possible. Please take notice that federal law provides criminal and civil 
immunity to federal and state claims for trade secret misappropriation to 
individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a 
government official in certain, confidential circumstances that are set 
forth at 18 U.S.C. §§ 1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), related to the reporting 
or investigation of a suspected violation of the law, or in connection with 
a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of the law.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.    Controlling Law. This Agreement and all matters arising out of, or 
relating to it, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

3.    Jurisdiction. Any action arising out of, or relating to, any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall be brought and prosecuted only in the 
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, or 
if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, 
in any court of general jurisdiction in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the 
jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding shall be exclusive. 
Employee also irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of 
any process, pleadings, notices or other papers.

4.    Severability. In the event that Employee claims that the release in 
Paragraph 1 is unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, and the release in 
Paragraph 1 is held to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, any payments 
made pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Retirement Agreement shall be returned 
to the Company and no further consideration shall be due. If any covenant 
or agreement is held to be unenforceable because of the duration thereof or 
the scope thereof, then the court making such determination shall have the 
power to reduce the duration and limit the scope thereof, and the covenant 
or agreement shall then be enforceable in its reduced form.


5.    ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Employee hereby acknowledges that:

e)    The Company advises Employee to consult with an attorney before 
signing this Agreement;

f)    Employee has obtained independent legal advice from an attorney of 
Employees own choice with respect to this Agreement or Employee has 
knowingly and voluntarily chosen not to do so;

g)    Employee freely, voluntarily and knowingly entered into this 
Agreement after due consideration;

h)    Employee had at least 21 days to review and consider this Agreement;

i)    If Employee knowingly and voluntarily chooses to do so, Employee may 
accept the terms of this Agreement on or after the date of Employees 
termination of employment but on or before March 10, 2017;

j)    Employee is signing this Agreement on or after the date of Employees 
termination of employment;

k)    Employee has a right to revoke this Agreement by notifying Anita 
Scott at the Company in writing within seven days of Employees execution 
of this Agreement. Unless revoked, this Agreement will become effective on 
the eighth day following its execution (the Effective Date);
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
l)    In exchange for Employees waivers, releases and commitments set 
forth herein, including Employees waiver and release of all claims arising 
under the ADEA, the payments, benefits and other considerations that 
Employee is receiving pursuant to the Retirement Agreement exceed any 
payment, benefit or other thing of value to which Employee would otherwise 
be entitled, and are just and sufficient consideration for the waivers, 
releases and commitments set forth herein; and

m)    No promise or inducement has been offered to Employee, except as 
expressly set forth herein, and Employee is not relying upon any such 
promise or inducement in entering into this Agreement.

n)    EMPLOYEE REPRESENTS THAT EMPLOYEE HAS READ THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS WRITTEN IN A MANNER THAT EMPLOYEE CAN 
UNDERSTAND AND THAT THE COMPANY HAS NOT MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING 
THE TERMS OR EFFECTS OF THIS AGREEMENT OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINED HEREIN. 
EMPLOYEE FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
HEREOF, AND SIGNS THE SAME AS EMPLOYEES OWN FREE ACT.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree to 
the terms of this Agreement.
 
  	Radian Group Inc.
Date:                                                                   	  	
  	By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	Anita Scott
  	Title: 	  	Chief Human Resources Officer
Date:                                                                   	  	
By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	S.A. Ibrahim
 
17