 EX-10 8 filename8.htm
Exhibit 10.7.2

SECOND AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Second Amendment) is 
made and entered into as of October 21, 2013 (Effective Date), by and 
between KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (formerly Kinex Pharmaceuticals, LLC), 
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware and having its principal office at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, 
New York 14203, United States (Kinex) and HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD., a 
publicly traded company existing under the laws of South Korea and having 
its principal office at 14, Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 138-724 
South Korea (Hanmi).


WITNESSTH:

WHEREAS, Hanmi and Kinex entered into a License Agreement on December 16, 
2011 for the license by Hanmi to Kinex of rights in the Hanmi Orascovery 
Program which was amended by First Amendment dated November 9, 2012 (the 
License); and

WHEREAS, Hanmi and Kinex now wish to further amend the License to amend the 
definition of Territory to add Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines 
and Indonesia.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. All capitalized terms used in this Second Amendment and not defined 
herein shall have the meaning given to them in the License. Except as 
amended by this Second Amendment, the License shall continue in full force 
and effect.

2. Section 1.66 of the License is amended and restated in its entirety to 
read as follows:

Territory means the following designated countries and all countries 
within the following designated continents or economic union only: North 
America, South America, European Union, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, 
Eastern Europe, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, 
Vietnam, Philippines and Indonesia. All other countries are expressly 
excluded including, but not limited to, the Asian countries of Japan, 
Mainland China, Korea, and India; provided, however, that Mainland China 
was licensed to Kinex under a separate license agreement dated June 28, 
2013.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Second Amendment as of 
the date first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC 	   	 	   	HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.
By: 	   	
/s/ Johnson Lau
   	 	   	By: 	   	
/s/ Gwan-Sun Lee
   	Johnson Lau, CEO 	   	 	   	 	   	Gwan-Sun Lee, President and CEO