 EX-10.1 5 d342284dex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

$450,000,000

PARSLEY ENERGY, LLC

PARSLEY FINANCE CORP.

5.250% Senior Notes due 2025

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

February 8, 2017

CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC
As Representative of the Several Purchasers,
Eleven Madison Avenue,
New York, New York 10010-3629

Dear Sirs:

1. Introductory. Parsley Energy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(the Company), and Parsley Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation (
FinanceCo and, together with the Company, the Issuers), agree with 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (the Representative) and the several 
initial purchasers named in Schedule A hereto (together with the 
Representative, the Purchasers), for whom the Representative is acting as 
representative, subject to the terms and conditions stated in this 
agreement (this Agreement), to issue and sell to the several Purchasers 
an aggregate $450,000,000 principal amount of their 5.250% Senior Notes due 
2025 (the Notes) to be issued under an indenture, dated the Closing Date 
(as defined below) (the Indenture), between the Issuers, the Guarantors 
(as defined below) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the 
Trustee). The Notes will be unconditionally guaranteed (the Guarantees 
and together with the Notes, the Offered Securities) as to the payment of 
principal and interest by each of the entities listed on Schedule B hereto 
that is identified as a guarantor of the notes (each a Guarantor and 
collectively the Guarantors).

2. Representations and Warranties of the Issuers and the Guarantors. Each 
of the Issuers and the Guarantors jointly and severally represents and 
warrants to, and agrees with, the several Purchasers that:

(a) For purposes of this Agreement:

Applicable Time means 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date of this 
Agreement.

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof.

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.

Final Offering Circular means the final offering circular relating to the 
Offered Securities to be offered by the Purchasers that discloses the 
offering price and other final terms of the Offered Securities and is dated 
as of the date of this Agreement, including any information incorporated 
therein by reference to Parsleys filings with the Commission (even if 
finalized and issued subsequent to the date of this Agreement).

Free Writing Communication means a written communication (as such term is 
defined in Rule 405) that constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of 
an offer to buy the Offered Securities and is made by means other than the 
Preliminary Offering Circular or the Final Offering Circular.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Disclosure Package means the Preliminary Offering Circular, as 
amended or supplemented at the Applicable Time, together with any Issuer 
Free Writing Communication existing at the Applicable Time and the 
information that is intended for general distribution to prospective 
investors, as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule C hereto.

Issuer Free Writing Communication means a Free Writing Communication 
prepared by or on behalf of the Issuers, used or referred to by the Issuers 
or containing a description of the final terms of the Offered Securities or 
of their offering.

Parsley means Parsley Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Preliminary Offering Circular means the preliminary offering circular, 
including any information incorporated therein by reference to Parsleys 
filings with the Commission, dated February 7, 2017, relating to the 
Offered Securities to be offered by the Purchasers.

Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended.

Supplemental Marketing Material means any Issuer Free Writing 
Communication other than any Issuer Free Writing Communication specified in 
Schedule C hereto.

Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a rule is to the indicated 
rule under the Securities Act.

(b) Disclosure. As of the date of this Agreement, the Preliminary Offering 
Circular does not, and as of the Closing Date, the Final Offering Circular 
will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As 
of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the General Disclosure Package nor (ii) 
any individual Supplemental Marketing Material, when considered together 
with the General Disclosure Package, included any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to 
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading. The preceding two sentences do not apply to 
statements in or omissions from the Preliminary or Final Offering Circular, 
the General Disclosure Package, or any Supplemental Marketing Material 
based upon information furnished to the Issuers by any Purchaser through 
the Representative specifically for use therein, it being understood and 
agreed that the only such information furnished by any Purchaser consists 
of the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof.

(c) Good Standing of the Issuers and the Guarantors.

(i) The Company has been duly formed and is existing as a limited liability 
company and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with 
limited liability company power and authority to own and/or lease its 
properties and conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular; and the Company is duly qualified 
to do business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing in 
all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of property or the 
conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the 
failure to so qualify or to be in good standing in such other jurisdictions 
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have 
a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), 
results of operations, business, properties or prospects of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries taken as a whole (
Material Adverse Effect).

(ii) FinanceCo has been duly incorporated and is existing as a corporation 
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with 
corporate power and authority to own and/or lease its properties and 
conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Final Offering Circular, as the case may be, and FinanceCo is duly 
qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in all 
other jurisdictions in which its
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such 
qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or to be in good 
standing in such other jurisdictions would not reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Each of the Guarantors has been duly formed and is existing and in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with 
power and authority (limited partnership or limited liability company, as 
applicable) to own and/or lease its properties and conduct its business as 
described in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering 
Circular; and each of the Guarantors is duly qualified to do business as a 
limited partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, in good 
standing in all other jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of 
property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except 
where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing in such other 
jurisdictions would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.

(d) Corporate Structure. The entities listed on Schedule B hereto are the 
only subsidiaries, direct or indirect, of the Company and, except as 
disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering 
Circular, each subsidiary of the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary, 
direct or indirect, of the Company. Parsley is the sole managing member of 
the Company and directly owns 88.0 % of the issued and outstanding 
membership interests in the Company; such membership interests have been 
duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with the Amended and 
Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Parsley Energy, LLC dated as of May 
29, 2014 (the LLC Agreement) and are fully paid (to the extent required 
by the LLC Agreement) and non-assessable (except as such non-assessability 
may be limited by Sections 18-607 and 18-804 of the Delaware Limited 
Liability Company Act); and Parsley owns such membership interests free and 
clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interest, charges or claims.

(e) Power and Authority. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors has all 
requisite power and authority (limited partnership, corporate, or limited 
liability company, as applicable) to execute, deliver and perform its 
obligations under the Indenture and the Offered Securities, as applicable.

(f) Indenture; Offered Securities. Each of the Indenture, the Notes and the 
Guarantees has been duly authorized by the Issuers and/or the Guarantors, 
as applicable, and assuming due execution of the Indenture and 
authentication of the Offered Securities by the Trustee, when the Offered 
Securities are delivered and paid for pursuant to this Agreement on the 
Closing Date, the Indenture will have been duly executed and delivered by 
the Issuers and the Guarantors, such Offered Securities will have been duly 
executed, authenticated, issued and delivered by the Issuers and the 
Guarantors, as applicable and, the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees 
will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuers and 
Guarantors, as applicable, in each case, enforceable against each of the 
Issuers and the Guarantors, as applicable, in accordance with their terms, 
except that the enforcement thereof may be subject to bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar 
laws of general applicability now or hereafter in effect relating to or 
affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles (regardless of 
whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity), 
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be brought, 
implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing and the benefits and 
security provided by the Indenture;

(g) Trust Indenture Act. On the Closing Date, the Indenture will conform in 
all material respects to the requirements of the United States Trust 
Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act), and the 
rules and regulations of the Commission applicable to an indenture which is 
qualified thereunder.

(h) No Finders Fee. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package 
and the Final Offering Circular, there are no contracts, agreements or 
understandings between the Issuers or the Guarantors and any person that 
would give rise to a valid claim against any of the Issuers or the 
Guarantors for a brokerage commission, finders fee or other like payment 
in connection with this offering.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular, there are no contracts, agreements 
or understandings between either Issuer or any Guarantor and any person 
granting such person the right to require either Issuer or any Guarantor to 
file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any 
securities of either Issuer or any Guarantor owned or to be owned by such 
person or to require either Issuer or any Guarantor to include such 
securities in the securities registered in any registration statement filed 
by either Issuer or any Guarantor under the Securities Act.

(j) Absence of Further Requirements. No consent, approval, authorization, 
or order of, or filing or registration with, any person (including any 
governmental agency or body or any court) is required to be obtained or 
made by the Issuers or any Guarantor for the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the sale of 
the Offered Securities, except (i) such as have been obtained, (ii) where 
the failure of the Issuers or the Guarantors to obtain or make any such 
consent, approval, authorization, order, filing or registration would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) such as 
have been made or as may be required under state or foreign securities or 
Blue Sky laws or by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

(k) Title to Property. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular, the Company and its subsidiaries 
have (i) good and defensible title to all of the interests in oil and gas 
properties underlying the Companys estimates of its net proved reserves 
contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular 
and (ii) good and marketable title to all other real and personal property 
reflected in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular 
as assets owned by them, in each case free and clear of all liens, 
encumbrances and defects except such as (w) are described in the General 
Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular, (x) are liens and 
encumbrances under operating agreements, unitization and pooling 
agreements, production sales contracts, farmout agreements and other oil 
and gas exploration, participation and production agreements, in each case 
that secure payment of amounts not yet due and payable for the performance 
of other unmatured obligations and are of a scope and nature customary in 
the oil and gas industry or arise in connection with drilling and 
production operations, (y) do not materially affect the value of the 
properties of the Company and its subsidiaries and do not interfere in any 
material respect with the use made or proposed to be made of such 
properties by the Company or its subsidiaries, or (z) where failure to have 
such title would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; any other real property and buildings 
held under lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held by them under 
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not 
material and do not interfere in any material respect with the use made and 
proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or its 
subsidiaries and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or 
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and the working interests 
derived from oil, gas and mineral leases or mineral interests that 
constitute a portion of the real property held or leased by the Company and 
its subsidiaries reflect in all material respects the rights of the Company 
and its subsidiaries to explore, develop or produce hydrocarbons from such 
real property in the manner contemplated by the General Disclosure Package 
and the Final Offering Circular, and the care taken by the Company and its 
subsidiaries with respect to acquiring or otherwise procuring such leases 
or other property interests was generally consistent with standard industry 
practices in the areas in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate 
for acquiring or procuring leases and interests therein to explore, develop 
or produce hydrocarbons. With respect to interests in oil and gas 
properties obtained by or on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries 
that have not yet been drilled or included in a unit for drilling, the 
Company and its subsidiaries have carried out such title investigations in 
accordance with the customary practice in the oil and gas industry in the 
areas in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate.

(l) Rights-of-Way. The Company and its subsidiaries have such consents, 
easements, rights-of-way or licenses from any person (collectively, 
rights-of-way) as are necessary to enable the Company to conduct its 
business in the manner described in the General Disclosure Package, subject 
to qualifications as may be set forth in the General Disclosure Package and 
the Final Offering Circular, except where failure to have such 
rights-of-way would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in 
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m) Status of Oil and Gas Leases. As of the date hereof, (i) all royalties, 
rentals, deposits and other amounts owed under the oil and gas leases 
constituting the oil and gas properties of the Issuers, the Guarantors and 
their respective subsidiaries have been properly and timely paid (other 
than amounts held in suspense accounts pending routine payments or related 
to disputes about the proper identification of royalty owners and except 
where the failure to timely pay or pay such amounts would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); and no material amount of 
proceeds from the sale or production attributable to the oil and gas 
properties of the Issuers, the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries 
are currently being held in suspense by any purchaser thereof, except where 
such amounts due would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect, and (ii) there are no claims under take-or-pay contracts 
pursuant to which natural gas purchasers have any make-up rights affecting 
the interests of the Issuers, the Guarantors or their respective 
subsidiaries in their respective oil and gas properties, except where such 
claims would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Reserve Engineers. Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc., the reserve 
engineer that prepared a reserve report on estimated net proved oil and 
natural gas reserves held by Parsley and its subsidiaries as of December 
31, 2015, and audited a reserve report on estimated net proved oil and 
natural gas reserved held by Parsley and its Subsidiaries as of December 
31, 2016, has represented to the Company that it is an independent 
petroleum engineer with respect to the Company for the periods set forth in 
the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular.

(o) Reserve Report Information. The information contained in the General 
Disclosure Package regarding estimated proved reserves of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, is based upon the reserve reports 
prepared by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc., and as of December 31, 
2016, is based upon the reserve reports audited by Netherland, Sewell & 
Associates, Inc. The information provided to Netherland, Sewell & 
Associates, Inc. by Parsley and its subsidiaries, including, without 
limitation, information as to: production, costs of operation and 
development, current prices for production, agreements relating to current 
and future operations and sales of production, was true and correct in all 
material respects on the dates the reports were made. Such information was 
provided to Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. in accordance with all 
customary industry practices.

(p) Reserve and Production Information. The factual information underlying 
the estimates of reserves of Parsley and its subsidiaries included in the 
General Disclosure Package, including, without limitation, production, 
costs of operation and development, current prices for production, 
agreements relating to current and future operations and sales of 
production, was true and correct in all material respects on the dates such 
estimates were made and such information was supplied and was prepared in 
accordance with customary industry practices. Other than normal production 
of reserves, intervening market commodity price fluctuations, fluctuations 
in demand for such products, adverse weather conditions, unavailability or 
increased costs of rigs, equipment, supplies or personnel, the timing of 
third party operations and other factors, changes in applicable regulations 
or regulatory guidance regarding the rules for estimating reserves, in each 
case in the ordinary course of business, and except as described in the 
General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular, neither of the 
Issuers nor any Guarantor is aware of any facts or circumstances that would 
result in a material adverse change in the aggregate net reserves, or the 
aggregate present value of future net cash flows therefrom, as described in 
the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular.

(q) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting from Transaction. The 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Indenture, 
the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities and compliance with the 
terms and provisions thereof, and the application of the net proceeds 
therefrom as set forth in the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Final 
Offering Circular will not result in a breach or violation of any of the 
terms and provisions of, or constitute, or with the giving of notice or
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
lapse of time, constitute, a default under, or result in the imposition of 
any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Issuers 
or any of their subsidiaries pursuant to, (i) the respective certificate of 
formation, limited liability company agreement, limited partnership 
agreement, charter, by-laws or similar organizational documents of the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, (ii) 
assuming compliance by the Purchasers with the representations and 
warranties in Section 4 of this Agreement, any statute, rule, regulation or 
order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, 
having jurisdiction over the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their 
respective subsidiaries or any of their properties, or (iii) any agreement 
or instrument to which the Issuers or any of their subsidiaries is a party 
or by which the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective 
subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the properties of the Issuers or 
any of their subsidiaries is subject, except in the case of clauses (ii) 
and (iii) as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.

(r) Absence of Existing Defaults and Conflicts. None of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, nor any of their respective subsidiaries is (i) in violation of 
its respective certificate of formation, limited liability company 
agreement, limited partnership agreement, charter, by-laws or similar 
organizational documents, (ii) in default (or with the giving of notice or 
lapse of time would be in default) under any existing obligation, 
agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, loan 
agreement, mortgage, lease or other agreement or instrument to which any of 
them is a party or by which any of them is bound or to which any of the 
properties of any of them is subject, or (iii) in violation of any law or 
statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or 
arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of 
clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such default or violation that would 
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(s) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by each of the Issuers and the Guarantors.

(t) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Issuers and the Guarantors 
possess all certificates, authorizations, franchises, licenses and permits 
issued by appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory bodies 
(collectively, Licenses) necessary or material to the conduct of the 
business in the manner described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Final Offering Circular to be conducted by them, except where the failure 
to have obtained the same would not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. The Issuers and their subsidiaries are in 
compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Licenses, except where 
the failure to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and have not 
received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or 
modification of any Licenses that, if determined adversely to the Issuers 
or any of their subsidiaries, would, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(u) Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of the 
Issuers or any of their subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the 
Issuers, is imminent that would reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect or except as described in the General Disclosure Package and 
Final Offering Circular.

(v) Possession of Intellectual Property. The Issuers, the Guarantors, and 
their respective subsidiaries own, possess or can acquire on reasonable 
terms, adequate trademarks, trade names and other rights to inventions, 
know-how, patents, copyrights, confidential information and other 
intellectual property necessary to conduct the business now operated by 
them, or presently employed by them, and have not received any notice of 
infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to 
any intellectual property rights that, if determined adversely to the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, would 
individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.

(w) Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure 
Package and Final Offering Circular, (a)(i) none of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries is in violation of, and 
does not have any liability under, any federal, state, local or non-U.S.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, other requirement or rule 
of law (including common law), or decision or order of any domestic or 
foreign governmental agency, governmental body or court, relating to 
pollution, to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, 
discharge, disposal or release of Hazardous Substances (as defined below), 
to the protection or restoration of the environment or natural resources, 
to health and safety including as such relates to exposure to Hazardous 
Substances, and to natural resource damages (collectively, Environmental 
Laws) that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) to the knowledge of the Issuers and 
the Guarantors, none of the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their 
respective subsidiaries own, occupy, operate or use any real property 
contaminated with Hazardous Substances, (iii) none of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries is conducting or 
funding any investigation, remediation, remedial action or monitoring of 
actual or suspected Hazardous Substances in the environment, (iv) to the 
knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantors, none of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries is liable or allegedly 
liable for any release or threatened release of Hazardous Substances, 
including at any off site storage, treatment, or disposal site, (v) none of 
the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries is 
subject to any pending, or to the knowledge of any of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, threatened, claim by 
any governmental agency or governmental body or person arising under 
Environmental Laws or relating to the release of or exposure to Hazardous 
Substances, and (vi) the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective 
subsidiaries have received, are in compliance with all, and have no 
liability under any, permits, licenses, authorizations, identification 
numbers or other approvals required under applicable Environmental Laws to 
conduct their business, except in each case covered by clauses (i)  (vi) 
such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) to the knowledge of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries there are no facts or 
circumstances that would reasonably be expected to result in a violation 
of, liability under, or claim pursuant to any Environmental Law that would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) in the 
ordinary course of its business, each of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and 
their respective subsidiaries periodically evaluate the effect, including 
associated costs and liabilities, of Environmental Laws on the business, 
properties, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries, and, on the basis of 
such evaluation, the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective 
subsidiaries have reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws are 
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this subsection Hazardous 
Substances means (A) petroleum and petroleum products, by-products or 
breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, 
and polychlorinated biphenyls, and (B) any other chemical, material or 
substance defined or regulated as toxic or hazardous or as a pollutant, 
contaminant or waste under Environmental Laws.

(x) Accurate Disclosure. The statements in the General Disclosure Package 
and the Final Offering Circular under the headings Certain U.S. Federal 
Income Tax Considerations, Description of Notes, and Certain ERISA 
Considerations, in each case to the extent that they constitute matters of 
law or summaries of legal matters, any other instruments, agreements or 
documents, summaries of legal or regulatory proceedings, or legal 
conclusions are correct in all material respects.

(y) Absence of Manipulation. The Issuers have not taken, directly or 
indirectly, any action that is designed to or that has constituted or that 
would reasonably be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or 
manipulation of the price of any security of the Issuers to facilitate the 
sale or resale of the Offered Securities.

(z) Statistical and Market-Related Data. Any third-party statistical and 
market-related data included in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Final Offering Circular are based on or derived from sources that the 
Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be reliable and accurate.

(aa) Internal Controls and Absence of Accounting Issues. The Issuers and 
the Guarantors maintain a system of internal accounting and other controls 
sufficient to provide reasonable
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with 
managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States (GAAP) and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to 
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or 
specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accounting for assets is 
compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate 
action is taken with respect to any differences. Since the date of the 
latest audited financial statements included in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular, there has been no material 
weakness identified in the internal control over financial reporting of the 
Issuers or the Guarantors.

(bb) Litigation. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and 
the Final Offering Circular, there are no pending actions, suits or 
proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by any court or 
governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) against or affecting the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, or any of 
their respective properties that, if determined adversely to the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, would, 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuers to perform their obligations under this Agreement; and no such 
actions, suits or proceedings (including any inquiries or investigations by 
any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign) to the 
Issuers knowledge, are threatened or contemplated.

(cc) Financial Statements. The historical financial statements of Parsley 
included in the General Disclosure Package and Final Offering Circular 
present fairly in all material respects the financial position of Parsley 
and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates shown and their results 
of operations and cash flows of Parsley and its subsidiaries for the 
periods shown, and such financial statements have been prepared in all 
material respects in conformity with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis, 
except as otherwise stated therein; and the assumptions used in preparing 
the pro forma financial statements included in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular provide a reasonable basis for 
presenting the significant effects directly attributable to the 
transactions or events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments 
give appropriate effect to those assumptions, and the pro forma columns 
therein reflect the proper application of those adjustments to the 
corresponding historical financial statement amounts. KPMG LLP has 
certified the audited financial statements of Parsley and its subsidiaries 
included in the General Disclosure Package, and is an independent 
registered public accounting firm with respect to Parsley within the rules 
and regulations of the Commission and as required by the Securities Act and 
the applicable rules and guidance from the Public Company Accounting 
Oversight Board (United States). Ernst & Young LLP has certified the 
audited financial statements of Double Eagle Energy Permian LLC for the 
year ended December 31, 2015 included in the General Disclosure Package. 
Weaver & Tidwell L.L.P. has certified the audited financial statements of 
Double Eagle Energy Permian LLC for the year ended December 31, 2014 
included in the General Disclosure Package. Parsley and its consolidated 
subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or 
contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations or any variable 
interest entities within the meaning of Financial Accounting Standards 
Board Interpretation No. 46), not disclosed in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular.

(dd) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Except as disclosed in the 
General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular, since the end 
of the period covered by the latest audited financial statements included 
in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular (i) there 
has been no change, nor any development or event involving a prospective 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, 
business, properties or prospects of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their 
respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that is material and adverse, 
(ii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid 
or made by any of the Issuers on any class of its capital stock, (iii) 
there has been no material adverse change in the capital stock, short-term 
indebtedness, long-term indebtedness, net current assets or net assets of 
the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, (iv) 
there has been no obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
respective subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, except obligations 
incurred in the ordinary course of business and (v) none of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, or their respective subsidiaries has sustained any material 
loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other 
calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor 
disturbance or dispute or any action, order or decree of any court or 
arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority.

(ee) Investment Company Act. Each of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their 
respective subsidiaries is not and, after giving effect to the offering and 
sale of the Offered Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof 
as described in the General Disclosure Package and Final Offering Circular, 
will not be an investment company as defined in the Investment Company 
Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act).

(ff) Ratings. No nationally recognized statistical rating organization as 
such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act 
has imposed (or has informed any of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their 
respective subsidiaries that it is considering imposing) any condition 
(financial or otherwise) on the Issuers, the Guarantors, or their 
respective subsidiaries retaining any rating assigned to the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or their respective subsidiaries or any securities thereof or 
(ii) has indicated to any of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their 
respective subsidiaries that it is considering any of the actions described 
in Section 7(c)(ii) hereof.

(gg) Insurance. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and 
the Final Offering Circular, the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their 
respective subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial 
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the 
Issuers reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their business. 
All such policies of insurance insuring the Issuers and their subsidiaries 
are in full force and effect. The Issuers, the Guarantors, and their 
respective subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies 
and instruments in all material respects; and there are no material claims 
by the Issuers, the Guarantors, or their respective subsidiaries under any 
such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying 
liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause, except as 
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of 
the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries has any 
reason to believe that any of them will not be able to renew its existing 
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar 
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business 
at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect, except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and Final 
Offering Circular,.

(hh) No Registration. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and 
warranties of the Purchasers set forth in Section 4 hereof, the offer and 
sale of the Offered Securities in the manner contemplated by this Agreement 
will be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by 
reason of Section 4(2) thereof and Regulation S thereunder (Regulation S
); and it is not necessary to qualify an indenture in respect of the 
Offered Securities under the Trust Indenture Act.

(ii) No General Solicitation; No Directed Selling Efforts. Neither the 
Issuers, nor any Guarantor, nor any of their respective subsidiaries or 
affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf (i) has, within 
the six-month period prior to the date hereof, offered or sold in the 
United States or to any U.S. person (as such terms are defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) the Offered Securities or any 
security of the same class or series as the Offered Securities or (ii) has 
offered or will offer or sell the Offered Securities (A) in the United 
States by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising 
within the meaning of Rule 502(c) or (B) with respect to any such 
securities sold in reliance on Rule 903 of Regulation S by means of any 
directed selling efforts within the meaning of Rule 902(c) of Regulation S. 
The Issuers, the Guarantors, their respective affiliates and any person 
acting on its or their behalf have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Neither the Issuers nor 
any Guarantor has entered and neither the Issuers nor any Guarantor will 
enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution of 
the Offered Securities except for this Agreement.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(jj) Tax Returns. The Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective 
subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax returns 
that are required to be filed or have requested extensions thereof (except 
in any case in which the failure so to file would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); and, except as set forth in 
the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular, the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries have paid all 
taxes (including any assessments, fines or penalties) required to be paid 
by them, except for any such taxes, assessments, fines or penalties 
currently being contested in good faith or as would not, individually or in 
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(kk) Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. No relationship, 
direct or indirect, exists between or among the Issuers, the Guarantors, 
Parsley, or their respective subsidiaries on the one hand, and the 
directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, Parsley, or their respective subsidiaries on the other 
hand, which is required to be described in the General Disclosure Package 
which is not so described therein.

(ll) No Unlawful Payments. None of the Issuers, the Guarantors, any of 
their respective subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors, any of their respective directors, officers, agents, employees 
or other persons associated with or acting on behalf of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries has (A) used any 
corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other 
unlawful expense relating to political activity; (B) made any direct or 
indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or 
employee from corporate funds; (C) violated or is in violation of any 
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or (D) made any 
bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful 
payment.

(mm) Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries are and have 
been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial 
recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign 
Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the anti-money laundering 
statutes of all jurisdictions where the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or 
similar rules, regulations and guidelines issued, administered or enforced 
by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws
) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental 
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or their respective subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or their respective subsidiaries, threatened.

(nn) Compliance with OFAC. None of the Issuers, the Guarantors, any of 
their respective subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors, any of the directors, officers, agents, employees or affiliates 
of the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries is 
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or 
other related sanctions law; and none of the Issuers, the Guarantors, or 
any of their respective subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the 
proceeds of the offering and sale of its Offered Securities under this 
Agreement, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to 
any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the 
purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any 
U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

3. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of Offered Securities. On the basis of the 
representations, warranties and agreements and subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein, the Issuers agree to sell to each Purchaser, 
and each Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the 
Issuers, at a purchase price of 98.75% of the principal amount thereof plus 
accrued interest, if any, from February 13, 2017 to the Closing Date, the 
respective principal amount of Securities set forth opposite the names of 
the several Purchasers on Schedule A hereto.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Issuers will deliver against payment of the purchase price the Offered 
Securities to be purchased by the Purchasers hereunder and to be offered 
and sold by the Purchasers in reliance on Regulation S in the form of one 
temporary global security in registered form without interest coupons (the 
Regulation S Global Securities), which will be deposited on the Closing 
Date with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC
) for the respective accounts of the DTC participants for Euroclear Bank, 
S.A./N.V., Brussels office, as operator of the Euroclear System (
Euroclear), and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. 
The Issuers will deliver against payment of the purchase price the Offered 
Securities to be purchased by the Purchasers hereunder and to be offered 
and sold by the Purchasers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act in the form of one or more permanent global securities in definitive 
form without interest coupons (the Restricted Global Securities) 
deposited on the Closing Date with the Trustee as custodian for DTC and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. The Regulation S 
Global Securities and the Restricted Global Securities shall be assigned 
separate CUSIP numbers. The Regulation S Global Securities and the 
Restricted Global Securities shall include the appropriate legends 
regarding restrictions on transfer set forth under Transfer Restrictions 
in the Final Offering Circular. Until the termination of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the offering 
of the Offered Securities, interests in the Regulation S Global Securities 
may only be held by the DTC participants for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in any permanent global Offered Securities will be 
held only in book-entry form through DTC, except in the limited 
circumstances described in the Final Offering Circular.

Payment for the Offered Securities shall be made by the Purchasers in 
Federal (same day) funds by wire transfer to an account specified by the 
Company at the office of Latham & Watkins LLP, 811 Main Street, Suite 3700, 
Houston, Texas 77002 at 9:00 am (Eastern time) on February 13, 2017, or at 
such other time not later than seven full business days thereafter as the 
Representatives and the Issuers determine, such time being herein referred 
to as the Closing Date, against delivery to the Representatives through 
the facilities of DTC.

4. Representations by Purchasers; Resale by Purchasers.

(a) Each Purchaser severally and not jointly represents and warrants to the 
Issuers and the Guarantors that it is an accredited investor within the 
meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(b) Each Purchaser severally acknowledges that the Offered Securities have 
not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Purchaser 
severally represents and agrees that it has offered and sold the Offered 
Securities, and will offer and sell the Offered Securities (i) as part of 
its distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the Closing Date, only in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 144A. Accordingly, neither such Purchaser 
nor its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf, have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the 
Offered Securities, and such Purchaser, its affiliates and all persons 
acting on its or their behalf have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Purchaser severally 
agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of the Offered Securities, 
other than a sale pursuant to Rule 144A, such Purchaser will have sent to 
each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or 
other remuneration that purchases the Offered Securities from it during the 
restricted period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect:

The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the date of the commencement of the 
offering and the closing date, except in
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
either case in accordance with Regulation S (or Rule 144A if available) 
under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S.

Terms used in this subsection (b) have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.

(c) Each Purchaser severally agrees that it and each of its affiliates has 
not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with 
respect to the distribution of the Offered Securities except for any such 
arrangements with the other Purchasers or affiliates of the other 
Purchasers or with the prior written consent of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors.

(d) Each Purchaser severally agrees that it and each of its affiliates will 
not offer or sell the Offered Securities in the United States by means of 
any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning 
of Rule 502(c), including, but not limited to (i) any advertisement, 
article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine 
or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar 
or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or 
general advertising. Each Purchaser severally agrees, with respect to 
resales made in reliance on Rule 144A of any of the Offered Securities, to 
deliver either with the confirmation of such resale or otherwise prior to 
settlement of such resale a notice to the effect that the resale of such 
Offered Securities has been made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

(e) In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which 
has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a Relevant Member State
), each of the Purchasers has represented and agreed that with effect from 
and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in 
that Relevant Member State (the Relevant Implementation Date) it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Offered Securities to the public in that 
Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation 
to the Offered Securities which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Directive, except that such Purchasers may, with effect from and including 
the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Offered Securities to 
the public in that Relevant Member State at any time:

(i) to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the 
financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate 
purpose is solely to invest in securities;

(ii) to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at 
least 250 employees during the last financial year; (2) a total balance 
sheet of more than 43,000,000 and (3) an annual net turnover of more than 
50,000,000, as shown in its last annual or consolidated accounts;

(iii) to fewer than 100 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive) subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the Representative; or

(iv) in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the 
Issuers of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive.

For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Offered 
Securities to the public in relation to any Offered Securities in any 
Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Offered 
Securities so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Offered Securities, as the same may be varied in that Member State by 
any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Member State, and 
the expression Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC and includes 
any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Each of the Purchasers severally represents and agrees that:

(i) (A) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (B) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell the Offered Securities other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses where the issue of the Offered Securities would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuers;

(ii) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
FSMA) to persons who have professional experience in matters relating to 
investments falling with Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or in circumstances in 
which Section 21 of FSMA does not apply to the Issuers or the Guarantors; 
and

(iii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Offered 
Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

5. Certain Agreements of the Issuers. Each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors agrees with the several Purchasers that:

(a) Amendments and Supplements to Offering Circulars. The Issuers will give 
the Representative notice of their intention to prepare any amendment, 
supplement or revision to the Preliminary Offering Circular, the Final 
Offering Circular or any Issuer Free Writing Communication, and the Issuers 
will furnish the Representative with copies of any such documents within a 
reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed use, and will not use any 
such document to which the Representative or counsel for the Purchasers 
shall reasonably object. If, at any time prior to the completion of the 
resale of the Offered Securities by the Purchasers, there occurs an event 
or development as a result of which any document included in the 
Preliminary or Final Offering Circular, the General Disclosure Package or 
any Supplemental Marketing Material, if republished immediately following 
such event or development, included or would include an untrue statement of 
a material fact or omitted or would omit to state any material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is 
necessary at any such time to amend or supplement the Preliminary or Final 
Offering Circular, the General Disclosure Package or any Supplemental 
Marketing Material to comply with any applicable law, the Issuers and the 
Guarantors promptly will notify the Representative of such event and 
promptly will prepare and furnish, at its own expense, to the Purchasers 
and the dealers and to any other dealers at the request of the 
Representative, an amendment or supplement which will correct such 
statement or omission or effect such compliance. Neither the 
Representatives consent to, nor its or the Purchasers delivery to 
offerees or investors of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute 
a waiver of any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.

(b) Furnishing of Offering Circulars. The Issuers and the Guarantors will 
furnish to the Representative copies of the Preliminary Offering Circular, 
each other document comprising a part of the General Disclosure Package, 
the Final Offering Circular, all amendments and supplements to such 
documents and each item of Supplemental Marketing Material, in each case as 
soon as available and in such quantities as the Representative requests. At 
any time when the Company is not subject to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of 
the Exchange Act, the Issuers and the Guarantors will
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
promptly furnish or cause to be furnished to the Representative (and, upon 
request, to each of the other Purchasers) and, upon request of holders and 
prospective purchasers of the Offered Securities, to such holders and 
purchasers, copies of the information required to be delivered to holders 
and prospective purchasers of the Offered Securities pursuant to Rule 
144A(d)(4) (or any successor provision thereto) in order to permit 
compliance with Rule 144A in connection with resales by such holders of the 
Offered Securities. The Issuers will pay the expenses of printing and 
distributing to the Purchasers all such documents.

(c) Blue Sky Qualifications. The Issuers shall cooperate with the 
Purchasers and counsel for the Purchasers to qualify or register the 
Offered Securities for resale under (or obtain exemptions from the 
application of) the state securities or Blue Sky laws of those 
jurisdictions in the United States and Canada designated by the Purchasers, 
shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, 
registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the 
distribution of the Offered Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
neither Issuer shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or 
to take any action that would subject it to general service of process or 
taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or 
subject to taxation.

(d) Future Reports to the Initial Purchasers. At any time when Parsley is 
not subject to Section 13 or Section 15 of the Exchange Act and any Offered 
Securities remain outstanding, the Issuers will furnish to the 
Representative and, upon request, to each of the other Purchasers, any 
reports required to be provided pursuant to the Indenture.

(e) Investment Company. During the period of two years after the Closing 
Date, none of the Issuers or Guarantors will be or become an open-end 
investment company, unit investment trust or face-amount certificate 
company that is or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the 
Investment Company Act.

(f) Payment of Expenses. The Issuers and the Guarantors will pay all 
expenses incidental to the performance of their respective obligations 
under this Agreement and the Indenture, including but not limited to (i) 
the fees and expenses of the Trustee and its professional advisers; (ii) 
all expenses in connection with the execution, issue, authentication, 
packaging and initial delivery of the Offered Securities, the preparation 
and printing of this Agreement, the Offered Securities, the Indenture, the 
Preliminary Offering Circular, any other documents comprising any part of 
the General Disclosure Package, the Final Offering Circular, all amendments 
and supplements thereto, each item of Supplemental Marketing Material and 
any other document relating to the issuance, offer, sale and delivery of 
the Offered Securities; (iii) the cost of any advertising approved by the 
Issuers in connection with the issue of the Offered Securities; (iv) any 
expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the 
Purchasers) incurred in connection with qualification of the Offered 
Securities for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions in the United 
States and Canada as the Representative designates and the preparation and 
printing of memoranda relating thereto; (v) any fees charged by investment 
rating agencies for the rating of the Offered Securities; and (vi) expenses 
incurred in distributing the Preliminary Offering Circular, any other 
documents comprising any part of the General Disclosure Package, the Final 
Offering Circular (including any amendments and supplements thereto) and 
any Supplemental Marketing Material to the Purchasers. The Issuers and the 
Guarantors will also pay or reimburse the Purchasers (to the extent 
incurred by them) for costs and expenses of the Purchasers and the Issuers 
officers and employees and any other expenses of the Purchasers, the 
Issuers and the Guarantors relating to investor presentations on any road 
show in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities 
including, without limitation, travel expenses of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors officers and employees and any other expenses of the Issuers 
and the Guarantors, including 50% of the cost of the chartering of 
airplanes. It is understood, however, that, except as provided in this 
Section 5(f), and Sections 8 and 10 hereof, the Purchasers will pay all of 
their own costs and expenses, including the fees of their counsel, transfer 
taxes on resale of any of the Offered Securities by them, and any roadshow 
expenses incurred by them (other than costs and expenses incurred by the 
Purchasers on behalf of the Issuers).
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Use of Proceeds. The Issuers will use the net proceeds received in 
connection with this offering in the manner described in the Use of 
Proceeds section of the General Disclosure Package.

(h) Absence of Manipulation. In connection with the offering, until the 
Representative shall have notified the Issuers and the other Purchasers of 
the completion of the resale of the Offered Securities, none of the 
Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, or 
affiliates will, either alone or with one or more other persons, bid for or 
purchase for any account in which it or any of its affiliates has a 
beneficial interest any Offered Securities or attempt to induce any person 
to purchase any Offered Securities; and none of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, or affiliates will 
make bids or purchases for the purpose of creating actual, or apparent, 
active trading in, or raising the price of, the Offered Securities.

(i) Transfer Restrictions. During the period of two years after the Closing 
Date, the Issuers and the Guarantors will, upon request, furnish to the 
Representative, each of the other Purchasers, and any holder of Offered 
Securities a copy of the restrictions on transfer applicable to the Offered 
Securities.

(j) No Resales by Affiliates. During the period of one year after the 
Closing Date, each of the Issuers and the Guarantors will not, and will not 
permit any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined in Rule 144) to, 
resell any of the Offered Securities that have been acquired by any of 
them, except for Offered Securities purchased by the Issuers or any of 
their affiliates in a transaction registered under the Securities Act or in 
accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

(k) Restriction on Sale of Securities. For a period of 30 days after the 
date hereof (the Lock-Up Period), neither the Issuers nor the Guarantors 
will take any of the following actions with respect to any debt securities 
issued or guaranteed by the Issuers or the Guarantors and having more than 
one year until maturity, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable 
or exercisable for any of the Offered Securities (the Lock-Up Securities
): (A) offer, sell, issue, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose 
of Lock-Up Securities, (B) offer, sell, issue, contract to sell, contract 
to purchase or grant any option, right or warrant to purchase Lock-Up 
Securities, (C) enter into any swap, hedge or any other agreement that 
transfers, in whole or in part, the economic consequences of ownership of 
Lock-Up Securities, (D) establish or increase a put equivalent position or 
liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position in Lock-Up Securities 
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act or (E) file with the 
Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to 
Lock-Up Securities, or publicly disclose the intention to take any such 
action, without the prior written consent of the Representative.

6. Free Writing Communications.

(a) Issuer Free Writing Communications. Each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent 
of the Representative, and each Purchaser represents and agrees that, 
unless it obtains the prior consent of the Issuers and the Representative, 
it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Offered 
Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Communication.

(b) Term Sheets. The Issuers and the Guarantors consent to the use by any 
Purchaser of a Free Writing Communication that (i) contains only (A) 
information describing the preliminary terms of the Offered Securities or 
their offering or (B) information that describes the final terms of the 
Offered Securities or their offering and that is included in or is 
subsequently included in the Final Offering Circular, including by means of 
a pricing term sheet in the form of Annex A hereto, or (ii) does not 
contain any material information about the Issuers or any Guarantor or 
their securities that was provided by or on behalf of the Issuers or any 
Guarantor, it being understood and agreed that the Issuers and each 
Guarantor shall not be responsible to any Purchaser for liability arising 
from any inaccuracy in such Free Writing Communications referred to in 
clause (i) or (ii) as compared with the information in the Preliminary 
Offering Circular, the Final Offering Circular or the General Disclosure 
Package.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Conditions of the Obligations of the Purchasers. The obligations of the 
several Purchasers to purchase and pay for the Offered Securities will be 
subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the 
Issuers and the Guarantors herein at the Applicable Time and on the Closing 
Date (except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly 
relates to an earlier date (in which case on and as of such earlier date)), 
to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors made pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by 
the Issuers and the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder and to the 
following additional conditions precedent:

(a) KPMG Comfort Letter. The Purchasers shall have received letters, dated, 
respectively, the date hereof on the General Disclosure Package and the 
Closing Date on the Final Offering Circular, of KPMG LLP in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Purchasers concerning the financial 
information with respect to the Issuers set forth in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular.

(b) Ernst & Young Comfort Letter. The Purchasers shall have received 
letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof on the General Disclosure 
Package and the Closing Date on the Final Offering Circular, of Ernst & 
Young LLP in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchasers concerning 
the financial information with respect to Double Eagle Energy Permian LLC, 
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended 
September 30, 2016, set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Final Offering Circular.

(c) Weaver & Tidwell Comfort Letter. The Purchasers shall have received 
letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof on the General Disclosure 
Package and the Closing Date on the Final Offering Circular, of Weaver & 
Tidwell L.L.P. in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchasers 
concerning the financial information with respect to Double Eagle Energy 
Permian LLC, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014, set forth in 
the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular.

(d) Netherland, Sewell Reserve Engineer Letter. The Purchasers shall have 
received letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof on the General 
Disclosure Package and the Closing Date on the Final Offering Circular, of 
Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (i) confirming that, as of the date 
of its reserve reports, it was an independent reserve engineer for the 
Company and that, as of the date of such letter, no information had come to 
its attention that could reasonably have been expected to cause it to 
withdraw its reserve report or audit letter, as applicable, and (ii) 
otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchasers.

(e) Cawley Gillespie Engineer Letter. The Purchasers shall have received 
letters, dated, respectively, the date hereof on the General Disclosure 
Package and the Closing Date on the Final Offering Circular, of Cawley 
Gillespie & Associates, Inc. (i) confirming that, as of the date of its 
reserve reports, it was an independent reserve engineer for Double Eagle 
Energy Permian LLC and that, as of the date of such letter, no information 
had come to its attention that could reasonably have been expected to cause 
it to withdraw its reserve reports and (ii) otherwise in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Purchasers.

(f) No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, there shall not have occurred (i) any change, or any 
development or event involving a prospective change, in the condition 
(financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, properties or 
prospects of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, which, in the judgment of the Representative, is material 
and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Offered 
Securities; (ii) any downgrading in the rating of any debt securities of 
either Issuer or any of the Guarantors by any nationally recognized 
statistical rating organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 
Exchange Act), or any public announcement that any such organization has 
under surveillance or review its rating of any debt securities of either 
Issuer or any Guarantor, (other than an announcement with positive 
implications of a possible upgrading, and no implication of a possible 
downgrading, of such rating) or any announcement that the either Issuer or
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Guarantor has been placed on negative outlook; (iii) any change in U.S. 
or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency 
exchange rates or exchange controls the effect of which is such as to make 
it, in the judgment of the Representative, impractical to market or to 
enforce contracts for the sale of the Offered Securities, whether in the 
primary market or in respect of dealings in the secondary market; (iv) any 
suspension or material limitation of trading in securities generally on the 
New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Global Market, or any setting of 
minimum or maximum prices for trading on such exchange; (v) or any 
suspension of trading of any securities of either Issuer or any Guarantor 
on the New York Stock Exchange, on the NASDAQ Global Market, or in the 
over-the-counter market; (vi) any banking moratorium declared by any U.S. 
federal or New York authorities; (vii) any major disruption of settlements 
of securities, payment or clearance services in the United States or any 
other country where such securities are listed or (viii) any attack on, 
outbreak or escalation of hostilities or act of terrorism involving the 
United States, any declaration of war by Congress or any other national or 
international calamity or emergency if, in the judgment of the 
Representative, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, act, 
declaration, calamity or emergency is such as to make it impractical or 
inadvisable to market the Offered Securities or to enforce contracts for 
the sale of the Offered Securities.

(g) Opinion of Outside Counsel for the Issuers and the Guarantors. The 
Representative shall have received an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of 
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., counsel for the Issuers and the Guarantors, as to 
the matters described in Schedule D hereto.

(h) Opinion of General Counsel for the Issuers. The Representative shall 
have received an opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Colin W. Roberts, 
General Counsel for the Issuers, as to the matters described in Schedule E 
hereto.

(i) Opinion of Counsel for Purchasers. The Representative shall have 
received from Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Purchasers, such 
opinion or opinions, dated the Closing Date, with respect to such matters 
as the Representative may require, and the Issuers shall have furnished to 
such counsel such documents as they request for the purpose of enabling 
them to pass upon such matters.

(j) Officers Certificate. The Representative shall have received a 
certificate, dated the Closing Date, of an executive officer of each of the 
Issuers and each Guarantor and a Chief Financial Officer of each of the 
Issuers and each Guarantor in which such officers shall state that: the 
representations and warranties of each of the Issuers and each Guarantor 
set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement are true and correct on and as of 
the Closing Date; each of the Issuers and each Guarantor has complied with 
all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or 
satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date; and, subsequent to the 
date of the most recent financial statements in the General Disclosure 
Package and the Final Offering Circular, there has been no material adverse 
change, nor any development or event involving a prospective material 
adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), results of 
operations, business, properties or prospects of each of the Issuers and 
each Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a whole except as set forth in 
the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular or as 
described in such certificate.

(k) DTC Eligibility. The Offered Securities shall be eligible for clearance 
and settlement through DTC.

(l) Indenture. The Representative shall have received a counterpart of the 
Indenture validly executed and delivered by each of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors and the Trustee.

The Issuers and the Guarantors will furnish the Representative with any 
additional opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the 
Representative reasonably requests and conformed copies of documents 
delivered pursuant to this Section 7. The Representative may in its sole 
discretion waive on behalf of the Purchasers compliance with any conditions 
to the obligations of the Purchasers hereunder.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) Indemnification of Purchasers. The Issuers and the Guarantors will 
jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser, its 
officers, employees, agents, partners, members, directors and its 
affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such Purchaser within the 
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange 
Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any and all losses, claims, 
damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party 
may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other 
Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such 
losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) 
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue 
statement of any material fact contained in the Preliminary Offering 
Circular or the Final Offering Circular, in each case as amended or 
supplemented, any Issuer Free Writing Communication (including with 
limitation, any Supplemental Marketing Material), or arise out of or are 
based upon the omission or alleged omission of a material fact necessary in 
order to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse 
each Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred 
by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating, preparing or 
defending against any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, 
investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Indemnified 
Party is a party thereto) whether threatened or commenced and in connection 
with the enforcement of this provision with respect to any of the above as 
such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Issuers and the 
Guarantors will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such 
loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue 
statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission 
from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with written 
information furnished to the Issuers by any Purchaser through the 
Representative specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed 
that the only such information consists of the information described as 
such in subsection (b) below.

(b) Indemnification of Company. Each Purchaser will, severally and not 
jointly, indemnify and hold harmless each of the Issuers, the Guarantors, 
each of their respective directors, managers, and each of their respective 
officers, and each person, if any, who controls such Issuer or such 
Guarantor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 
20 of the Exchange Act (each, a Purchaser Indemnified Party), against any 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which such Purchaser Indemnified 
Party may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other 
Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) 
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue 
statement of any material fact contained in the Preliminary Offering 
Circular or the Final Offering Circular, in each case as amended or 
supplemented, or any Issuer Free Writing Communication or arise out of or 
are based upon the omission or the alleged omission of a material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, in each 
case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or 
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in 
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the 
Issuers by such Purchaser through the Representative specifically for use 
therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred 
by such Purchaser Indemnified Party in connection with investigating, 
preparing or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability, 
action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not 
such Purchaser Indemnified Party is a party thereto) whether threatened or 
commenced based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such 
alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses are incurred, it 
being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any 
Purchaser consists of the following information in the Preliminary and 
Final Offering Circular: the ninth paragraph under the caption Plan of 
Distribution; provided, however, that the Purchasers shall not be liable 
for any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising out of or based upon 
the Issuers failure to perform their obligations under Section 5(a) of 
this Agreement.

(c) Actions against Parties; Notification. Promptly after receipt by an 
indemnified party under this Section of notice of the commencement of any 
action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be 
made against an indemnifying party under subsection (a) or (b) above, 
notify
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof; but the failure to 
notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that 
it may have under subsection (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it 
has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive 
rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided further that the failure 
to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability 
that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under subsection 
(a) or (b) above. In case any such action is brought against any 
indemnified party and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement 
thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein 
and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying 
party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel 
satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the 
consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), 
and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of 
its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will 
not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal 
or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in 
connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of 
investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written 
consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or 
threatened action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could 
have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such 
indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional 
release of such indemnified party from all liability on any claims that are 
the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as 
to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on 
behalf of an indemnified party.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section is 
unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under 
subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute 
to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of the 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsection (a) or (b) 
above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative 
benefits received by the Issuers and the Guarantors on the one hand and the 
Purchasers on the other from the offering of the Offered Securities 
pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) 
above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is 
appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause 
(i) above but also the relative fault of the Issuers and the Guarantors on 
the one hand and the Purchasers on the other in connection with the 
statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The 
relative benefits received by the Issuers and the Guarantors on the one 
hand and the Purchasers on the other shall be deemed to be in the same 
proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting 
expenses) received by the Issuers and the Guarantors bear to the total 
discounts and commissions received by the Purchasers from the Issuers under 
this Agreement. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, 
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact 
relates to information supplied by the Issuers and the Guarantors or the 
Purchasers and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to 
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or 
omission. The amount paid by an indemnified party as a result of the 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of 
this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses 
reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with 
investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this 
subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no 
Purchaser shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the 
amount by which the total price at which the Offered Securities purchased 
by it were resold exceeds the amount of any damages which such Purchaser 
has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or 
omission or alleged untrue statement or omission. The Purchasers 
obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion 
to their respective purchase obligations and not joint. The Issuers, the 
Guarantors, and the Purchasers agree that it would not be just and 
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8(d) were determined by 
pro rata allocation (even if the Purchasers were treated as one entity for 
such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take 
account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 8(d).

9. Default of Purchasers. If any Purchaser or Purchasers default in their 
obligations to purchase Offered Securities hereunder on the Closing Date 
and the aggregate principal amount of Offered Securities
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
that such defaulting Purchaser or Purchasers agreed but failed to purchase 
does not exceed 10% of the total principal amount of Offered Securities 
that the Purchasers are obligated to purchase on the Closing Date, the 
Representative may make arrangements satisfactory to the Issuers for the 
purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons, including any of the 
Purchasers, but if no such arrangements are made by the Closing Date, the 
non-defaulting Purchasers shall be obligated severally, in proportion to 
their respective commitments hereunder, to purchase the Offered Securities 
that such defaulting Purchasers agreed but failed to purchase on the 
Closing Date. If any Purchaser or Purchasers so default and the aggregate 
principal amount of Offered Securities with respect to which such default 
or defaults occur exceeds 10% of the total principal amount of Offered 
Securities that the Purchasers are obligated to purchase on the Closing 
Date and arrangements satisfactory to the Representative and the Issuers 
for the purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons are not made 
within 36 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without 
liability on the part of any non-defaulting Purchaser or the Issuers, 
except as provided in Section 10. As used in this Agreement, the term 
Purchaser includes any person substituted for a Purchaser under this 
Section. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Purchaser from liability 
for its default.

10. Survival of Certain Representations and Obligations. The respective 
indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements 
of the Issuers, the Guarantors, and their respective officers, and of the 
several Purchasers set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will 
remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or 
statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Purchaser, 
any Issuer or Guarantor, or any of their respective representatives, 
officers or directors or any controlling person, and will survive delivery 
of and payment for the Offered Securities. If this Agreement is terminated 
pursuant to Section 9 or if for any reason the purchase of the Offered 
Securities by the Purchasers is not consummated, the Issuers and the 
Guarantors shall remain responsible for the expenses to be paid or 
reimbursed by it pursuant to Section 5 and the respective obligations of 
the Issuers, the Guarantors, and the Purchasers pursuant to Section 8 shall 
remain in effect. If the purchase of the Offered Securities by the 
Purchasers is not consummated for any reason other than solely because of 
the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9 or the occurrence 
of any event specified in clause (iv), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of Section 
7(c), the Issuers and the Guarantors will reimburse the Purchasers for all 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable, 
documented fees and disbursements of counsel) reasonably incurred by them 
in connection with the offering of the Offered Securities.

11. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and, if sent 
to the Purchasers, will be mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and 
confirmed to the Purchasers c/o Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Eleven 
Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10010-3629, Attention: IBCM-Legal, or, if 
sent to the Issuers, will be mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and 
confirmed to it at 303 Colorado Street, Suite 3000, Austin, Texas 78701 
Attention: Colin W. Roberts; provided, however, that any notice to a 
Purchaser pursuant to Section 8 will be mailed, hand delivered or 
telecopied and confirmed to such Purchaser.

12. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding 
upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers 
and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 8, and no 
other person will have any right or obligation hereunder, except that 
holders of Offered Securities shall be entitled to enforce the agreements 
for their benefit contained in the second and third sentences of Section 
5(b) hereof against the Issuers as if such holders were parties thereto.

13. Representation of Purchasers. The Representative will act for the 
several Purchasers in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, and any action under this Agreement taken by the Representative 
will be binding upon all the Purchasers.

14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such 
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Issuers and the Guarantors 
acknowledge and agree that:

(a) No Other Relationship. The Representative has been retained solely to 
act as initial purchasers in connection with the initial purchase, 
offering, and resale of the Offered Securities and that no fiduciary, 
advisory or agency relationship between the Issuers and Guarantors, on the 
one hand, and the Representative, on the other, has been created in respect 
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Final 
Offering Circular, irrespective of whether the Representative has advised 
or is advising the Issuers and Guarantors on other matters;

(b) Arms Length Negotiations. The purchase price of the Offered Securities 
set forth in this Agreement was established by the Issuers and Guarantors 
following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Representative, 
and the Issuers and Guarantors are capable of evaluating and understanding 
and understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(c) Absence of Obligation to Disclose. The Issuers and Guarantors have been 
advised that the Representative and its affiliates are engaged in a broad 
range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of 
the Issuers and Guarantors, and that the Representative has no obligation 
to disclose such interests and transactions to the Issuers and Guarantors 
by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

(d) Waiver. Each of the Issuers and each of the Guarantors, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Representative 
for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees 
that the Representative shall have no liability (whether direct or 
indirect) to the Issuers and Guarantors in respect of such a fiduciary duty 
claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in 
right of the Issuers and Guarantors, including stockholders, employees or 
creditors of the Issuers and Guarantors.

16. Applicable Law. This Agreement, and any claim, controversy or agreement 
arising from or relating to this Agreement, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Each of 
the Issuers and each of the Guarantors hereby submit to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in 
The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating 
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the 
Issuers and each of the Guarantors irrevocably and unconditionally waives 
any objection to the laying of venue of any suit or proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in 
Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New 
York and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or 
claim in any such court that any such suit or proceeding in any such court 
has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

[Signature Page Follows]
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If the foregoing correctly sets forth the agreement among the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, and the Purchasers, kindly sign and return to the Issuers one 
of the counterparts hereof, whereupon it will become a binding agreement 
among the Issuers and the several Purchasers in accordance with its terms.
 
Very truly yours,
ISSUERS:
PARSLEY ENERGY, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
PARSLEY FINANCE CORP.
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
GUARANTORS:
PARSLEY GP, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
PARSLEY ENERGY, L.P.
By: 	  	
PARSLEY GP, LLC,
its General Partner
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
 
Signature Page to Purchase Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
PARSLEY ENERGY AVIATION, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Manager
PARSLEY ENERGY OPERATIONS, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Manager
PARSLEY MINERALS, LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ Bryan Sheffield
  	Name: 	  	Bryan Sheffield
  	Title: 	  	Manager
 
Signature Page to Purchase Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The foregoing Purchase Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the 
date first above written.
 
CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC
By: 	  	
/s/ David S. Alterman
  	Name: 	  	David S. Alterman
  	Title: 	  	Managing Director

Acting on behalf of itself and as the Representative of the several 
Purchasers.
 
Signature Page to Purchase Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE A
 
Purchaser
   	Number of
Offered Securities
to be Purchased 	 
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
   	$ 	261,000,000 	  
 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
   	$ 	67,500,000 	  
 BBVA Securities Inc.
   	$ 	40,500,000 	  
 BOK Financial Securities, Inc.
   	$ 	40,500,000 	  
 U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.
   	$ 	40,500,000 	  
   Total
   	$ 	450,000,000 	  
   	
 
 
 
 
A-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE B

Subsidiaries
 
Entity
   	Percentage
Ownership 	  	  	Jurisdiction
 Parsley Energy Operations, LLC*
   	  	100.0 	%  	  	Texas
 Parsley Energy, L.P.*
   	  	100.0 	%  	  	Texas
 Parsley GP, LLC*
   	  	100.0 	%  	  	Texas
 Parsley Energy Aviation, LLC*
   	  	100.0 	%  	  	Texas
 Parsley Finance Corp.
   	  	100.0 	%  	  	Delaware
 Pacesetter Drilling, LLC
   	  	63.0 	%  	  	Texas
 Parsley Minerals, LLC*
   	  	100.0 	%  	  	Texas
 
* 	Indicates a Guarantor of the Notes
 
B-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE C
 
1. 	Free Writing Communication (included in the General Disclosure Package)

Free Writing Communication includes each of the following documents:

Pricing supplement, dated February 8, 2017, a copy of which is attached 
hereto as Schedule C-1.

Free Writing Prospectus filed with the SEC on February 7, 2017
 
C-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE C-1

PRICING SUPPLEMENT

Parsley Energy, LLC
Parsley Finance Corp.
$450,000,000 5.250% Senior Notes due 2025
February 8, 2017
 
Pricing Supplement, dated February 8, 2017, to the Preliminary Offering 
Circular, dated February 7, 2017 (the Preliminary Offering Circular), of 
Parsley Energy, LLC and Parsley Finance Corp. (the Issuers). The 
information in this Pricing Supplement supplements the Preliminary Offering 
Circular and supersedes the information in the Preliminary Offering 
Circular to the extent it is inconsistent with the information in the 
Preliminary Offering Circular. The information in the Preliminary Offering 
Circular is deemed changed to the extent affected by any of the changes set 
forth in this Pricing Supplement. In all other respects, this Pricing 
Supplement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary 
Offering Circular. Capitalized terms used in this Pricing Supplement but 
not defined have the meanings given them in the Preliminary Offering 
Circular. 	        
 Issuers
   	
 Parsley Energy, LLC and Parsley Finance Corp.
   
 Title of Securities
   	
 5.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the notes)
   
 Aggregate Principal Amount
   	$450,000,000 (upsized from an initial offering amount of $350,000,000) 	
   
 Gross Proceeds
   	
 $450,000,000
   
 Net Proceeds
   	$444,193,000 (after deducting initial purchasers discount and 
estimated offering expenses) 	   
 Ratings*
   	
 B2 (Moodys) / B+ (S&P)
   
 Distribution
   	
 144A/Regulation S for life
   
 Maturity Date
   	
 August 15, 2025
   
 Issue Price
   	100.000%, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, from February 13, 
2017 	   
 Coupon
   	
 5.250%
   
 Yield to Maturity
   	
 5.250%
   
 Spread to Benchmark Treasury
   	
 297 basis points
   
 Benchmark Treasury
   	
 2.000% UST due August 15, 2025
   
 Interest Payment Dates
   	Each August 15 and February 15, commencing August 15, 2017 	  
 Record Dates
   	
 August 1 and February 1 of each year
   
 Trade Date
   	
 February 8, 2017
   
 Settlement Date
   	
 February 13, 2017 (T+3)
   
 Optional Redemption
   	On or after the following dates and at the following redemption prices 
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount), plus accrued and unpaid 
interest, if any, on the notes redeemed during the twelve-month period 
beginning on August 15 of the years indicated below: 	     
  	   	
Date
   	
Percentage
 
   	
 
 2020
   	  	103.938 	% 
   	
 
 2021
   	  	102.625 	% 
   	
 
 2022
   	  	101.313 	% 
   	
 
 2023 and thereafter
   	  	100.000 	% 
 Optional Redemption with Equity Proceeds
   	Up to 35% at 105.250% prior to August 15, 2020 plus accrued and unpaid 
interest, if any 	   
 Make-Whole Redemption
   	Make-whole redemption at Applicable Premium + 50 basis points prior to 
August 15, 2020 	   
 Change of Control
   	Put at 101% plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any 	  
 
C-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bookrunners 	   	
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Co-Managers 	   	
U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.
BBVA Securities Inc.
BOK Financial Securities, Inc.
CUSIP Numbers 	   	
144A CUSIP: 701885 AF2
Regulation S CUSIP: U7024P AF5
ISIN Numbers 	   	
144A ISIN: US701885AF22
Regulation S ISIN: USU7024PAF54
Denominations 	   	Minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples 
of $1,000 in excess thereof
 
* 	Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.


Concurrent Equity Offering:

The following paragraph supersedes and replaces in its entirety the 
corresponding entry under the heading SummaryRecent 
DevelopmentsConcurrent Equity Offering on page 3 of the Preliminary 
Offering Circular. Information added to the paragraph is in bold and 
underlined.

Concurrently with this offering of notes, Parsley Inc. priced an offering 
of 36,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock (or 41,400,000 shares if 
the option to purchase additional shares is exercised in full) in an 
underwritten public offering (the Concurrent Equity Offering). Parsley 
Inc. expects to receive net proceeds from the Concurrent Equity Offering of 
approximately $1,096.1 million (or $1,260.6 million if the option to 
purchase additional shares is exercised in full). Parsley Inc. anticipates 
that it will contribute all of the net proceeds from the Concurrent Equity 
Offering to Parsley LLC to be used to partially fund the Double Eagle 
Acquisition, as discussed further in Use of Proceeds. The shares of Class 
A common stock were offered in the Concurrent Equity Offering by means of a 
separate prospectus supplement and not by means of this offering circular. 
We cannot assure you that the Concurrent Equity Offering will be completed 
or, if completed, on what terms it will be completed. Parsley Inc. expects 
to consummate the Concurrent Equity Offering at or near the time we 
consummate this offering; however, this offering is not conditioned on the 
consummation of the Concurrent Equity Offering, and the Concurrent Equity 
Offering is not conditioned on the consummation of this offering.


Capitalization:

The following line items supersede and replace in their entirety the 
corresponding entries in the As Further Adjusted column as of September 
30, 2016 in the table under the heading Capitalization on page 39 of the 
Preliminary Offering Circular. Information added to the line item is in 
bold and underlined.
 
 Cash and cash equivalents:
   	$ 	2,011,773 	  
   	
 
 
 
 2025 Notes offered hereby:
   	$ 	450,000 	  
   	
 
 
 
 Total Indebtedness:
   	$ 	1,502,924 	  
   	
 
 
 
 Additional paid-in capital:
   	$ 	4,108,471 	  
   	
 
 
 
 Total stockholders equity
   	$ 	4,035,707 	  
   	
 
 
 
 Total capitalization:
   	$ 	5,538,631 	  
   	
 
 
 

This material is strictly confidential and has been prepared by the Issuers 
solely for use in connection with the proposed offering of the notes 
described in the Preliminary Offering Circular. This material is personal 
to each offeree and does not constitute an offer to any other person or the 
public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the notes. Please 
refer to the Preliminary Offering Circular for a complete description.

The notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), and are being offered only to (1) 
qualified institutional buyers as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act and (2) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, and this 
communication is only being distributed to such persons.

This communication is not an offer to sell the notes described in the 
Preliminary Offering Circular and herein, and it is not a solicitation of 
an offer to buy such notes, in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.
 
C-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Any disclaimer or notices that may appear on this Pricing Supplement below 
the text of this legend are not applicable to this Pricing Supplement and 
should be disregarded. Such disclaimers or other notices were automatically 
generated as a result of this communication being sent via Bloomberg or 
another e-mail system.
 
C-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE D

OPINION OF VINSON & ELKINS L.L.P.

1. The Company is validly existing as a limited liability company in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with limited liability 
company power and authority necessary to own or lease its properties and to 
conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and the 
Final Offering Circular. The Company is duly qualified to transact business 
as a foreign limited liability company and is in good standing in each 
jurisdiction set forth opposite its name on an annex to be attached to such 
counsels opinion.

2. FinanceCo has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a 
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with 
corporate power and authority necessary to own or lease its properties and 
to conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and 
the Final Offering Circular. FinanceCo is in good standing in each 
jurisdiction set forth opposite its name on an annex to be attached to such 
counsels opinion.

3. Each Guarantor is validly existing as a limited liability company or 
limited partnership, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of 
the State of Texas or the State of Delaware, as the case may be, with the 
limited liability company or limited partnership power and authority, as 
the case may be, necessary to own its properties and conduct its business 
as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering 
Circular. Each Guarantor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign 
limited liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, and is in 
good standing in each jurisdiction set forth opposite its name on an annex 
to be attached to such counsels opinion.

4. The execution, delivery and performance of the Purchase Agreement have 
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action by each of the 
Issuers and Guarantors, and the Purchase Agreement has been duly executed 
and delivered by each of the Issuers and Guarantors.

5. The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the 
Issuers and the Guarantors and, assuming it has been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by the Trustee, constitutes the valid and binding 
obligation of each of the Issuers and Guarantors, enforceable against each 
of the Issuers and Guarantors in accordance with its terms, subject, as to 
enforcement of legal remedies, to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, and other laws relating to or 
affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect, as to 
remedies of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of 
equitable relief, to equitable defenses or principles and to the discretion 
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought 
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in 
equity or at law), and public policy, applicable law relating to fiduciary 
duties and indemnification and contribution, and an implied covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions
).

6. The Notes have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the 
Issuers, and when the Notes have been duly issued by the Issuers and duly 
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture 
and payment therefor has been made by the Purchasers in accordance with the 
Purchase Agreement, the Notes will constitute valid and binding obligations 
of the Issuers entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and enforceable 
against the Issuers in accordance with their terms, except as 
enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

7. The Guarantees have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the 
Guarantors and when the Notes have been duly issued and delivered by the 
Issuers and duly authenticated in accordance with the Indenture and payment 
therefor has been made by the Purchasers in accordance with the Purchase 
Agreement, the Guarantees will constitute the valid and binding obligation 
of each such Guarantor, enforceable against such Guarantor in accordance 
with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by the 
Enforceability Exceptions.

8. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Issuers of each of the 
Indenture and the Purchase Agreement and the issuance and sale of the 
Offered Securities and compliance by the Issuers with the terms and
 
D-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provisions thereof will not result in a breach or violation of any of the 
terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the 
imposition of any lien, charge, or encumbrance upon any property or assets 
of the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries 
pursuant to (i) the certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited 
partnership, limited partnership agreement, charter, by-laws, certificate 
of formation, or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any 
of the Issuers or the Guarantors, or any of their respective subsidiaries, 
(ii) any U.S. federal or New York State (based on the limitations set forth 
in such opinion) statute, rule, or regulation or the General Corporation 
Law of the State of Delaware, the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act 
(the Delaware Act), or the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership 
Act, except such counsel need express no opinion as to the applicability of 
any federal or state securities or Blue Sky laws, or any federal or state 
antifraud laws, rules or regulations or (iii) the Wells Fargo Credit 
Agreement, except, in the case of clause (ii) above, for any such breach, 
violation, default, lien, charge, or encumbrance that would not reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, registration or 
qualification with any federal, Texas or New York court or governmental 
agency or any Delaware court or governmental agency acting pursuant to the 
DGCL or Delaware Act is required to be obtained or made by the Issuers for 
the execution, delivery and performance by the Issuers of the Purchase 
Agreement, the compliance by the Issuers with the terms thereof and the 
issuance and sale of the Offered Securities by the Issuers being delivered 
on the date hereof pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, except (i) as have 
been obtained or made, (ii) for such consents, approvals, authorizations, 
orders, registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable 
federal or state securities or Blue Sky laws or (iii) for such consents 
that, if not obtained, have not or would not, in the aggregate, reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10. The statements in the General Disclosure Package and Final Offering 
Circular under the captions Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Considerations and Certain ERISA Considerations, to the extent that they 
constitute descriptions or summaries of federal law or legal conclusions, 
are accurate in all material respects, subject to the assumptions and 
qualifications set forth therein.

11. The statements in the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering 
Circular under the caption Description of Notes, insofar as they purport 
to summarize certain provisions of the Indenture, the Notes, and the 
Guarantees described therein, are accurate in all material respects, 
subject to the assumptions and qualifications set forth therein.

12. Neither of the Issuers is nor, after giving effect to the offering and 
sale of the Offered Securities pursuant to the terms of the Purchase 
Agreement and the application of the proceeds therefrom as described in the 
General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular under the 
caption Use of Proceeds, neither of the Issuers will be, required to 
register as an investment company, as such term is defined in the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, and the rules and regulations of the 
Commission thereunder.

13. Assuming (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the 
Issuers and the Guarantors and the Purchasers set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement, (ii) the due performance by the Issuers and the Guarantors and 
the Purchasers of the covenants and agreements set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement, (iii) the compliance by the Purchasers with the offering and 
transfer procedures and restrictions described in the General Disclosure 
Package, and (iv) that each Purchaser is an accredited investor as 
defined in Rule 501(a)(1) under the Securities Act, (a) the offer, sale, 
and delivery of the Offered Securities to the Purchasers and (b) the 
initial resale of the Offered Securities by the Purchasers, each in the 
manner contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the General Disclosure 
Package, do not require registration under the Securities Act, provided, 
however, that such counsel need not express any opinion as to any 
subsequent reoffer or resale of any of the Offered Securities.

In rendering such opinions, such counsel may (i) rely as to matters of fact 
(but not as to legal conclusions), to the extent they deem proper, on the 
representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, 
certificates of responsible officers of the Issuers and the Guarantors and 
upon information obtained from public officials, (ii) assume that all 
documents submitted to them as originals are authentic, that all copies 
submitted to them conform to the originals thereof, and that the signatures 
on all documents examined by them are genuine, (iii) state that their 
opinions are limited to matters governed by the federal laws of the United 
States of America, the Delaware General
 
D-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Corporation Law, the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, the Delaware 
Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, the Laws of the State of Texas and 
the laws of the State of New York, (iv) with respect to the opinions 
expressed as to the good standing and due qualification or registration as 
a foreign corporation or limited liability company, as the case may be, of 
certain of the Issuers and the Guarantors, state that such opinions are 
based upon certificates of good standing, foreign qualification or 
registration provided by the Secretary of State of such jurisdiction (each 
of which shall be dated as of a date not more than sixteen days prior to 
the Closing Date and shall be provided to such counsel), (v) assume that 
all parties to the Purchase Agreement will act in accordance with, and will 
refrain from taking any action that is forbidden by, the terms and 
conditions of the Purchase Agreement, and (vi) state that they express no 
opinion with respect to (A) permits to own or operate any personal or real 
property or (B) state or local taxes or tax statutes to which any of the 
members of any of the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject. With 
respect to the opinion expressed in paragraph 8(iii) above, such counsel 
need not express an opinion with respect to any matters that would require 
a mathematical calculation or a financial or accounting determination.

Furthermore, with respect to the opinions set forth in paragraphs 5, 6 and 
7 above, such counsel need not express an opinion as to the enforceability 
of any provision of the indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees to the 
extent relating to any failure to comply with the requirements concerning 
notices, relating to delay or omission to enforce rights or remedies or 
purporting to wave or affect rights, claims, defenses, the application of 
any provision of law or other benefits to the extent that any of the same 
cannot be waived or so affected under applicable law.

In addition, such counsel shall state that it has participated in 
conferences with officers and other representatives of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors, representatives of the independent public accountants and 
independent petroleum engineers of the Company and your representatives, at 
which the contents of the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering 
Circular and related matters were discussed. Although such counsel has not 
independently verified, is not passing upon, and is not assuming any 
responsibility for or expressing any opinion regarding the accuracy, 
completeness, or fairness of the statements contained in, the General 
Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular (except to the extent 
specified in paragraphs 10 and 11 above), based on the foregoing, 
participation (and relying as to materiality as to factual matters on 
officers, employees, and other representatives of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors), no facts have come to such counsels attention that have 
caused such counsel to believe that:
 
  	 	  	the General Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, 
included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the 
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or
 
  	 	  	the Final Offering Circular, as of its date or as of the date 
hereof, included or includes an untrue statement of a material fact or 
omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading;

except that in each case such counsel need not express any view, belief or 
comment with respect to the form, accuracy, completeness or fairness of (i) 
the financial statements, including the notes and schedules thereto and the 
independent public accountants reports thereon, contained in or omitted 
from the General Disclosure package and the Final Offering circular, (ii) 
the other financial or accounting data contained in or omitted from the 
General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular or (iii) 
information pertaining to the natural resource reserves or engineering 
information or data or estimated future net revenues therefrom, or any 
information or estimates derived therefrom, whether or not discounted, 
included in or omitted from, and related calculations and reports included 
in or omitted from the General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering 
Circular.
 
D-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE E

Form of Opinion of General Counsel of the Company
 
1. 	All of the issued and outstanding limited liability company or limited 
partnership interests, as the case may be, of each Guarantor have been duly 
authorized and issued in accordance with the limited liability company 
agreement or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be, of such 
Guarantor and are fully paid (to the extent required under such Guarantors 
limited liability company agreement) and non-assessable (except as such 
non-assessability may be affected by Section 153.102, 153.103, 153.202 and 
153.210 of the Texas Business Organizations Code (the TBOC), in the case 
of a Texas limited partnership, Section 101.206 of the TBOC, in the case of 
a Texas limited liability company, and Sections 18-607 and 18-804 of the 
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, in the case of a Delaware limited 
liability company) and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, 
free and clear of all material liens, encumbrances or claims, except (A) as 
provided in the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement and (B) as described in the 
General Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular.
 
2. 	All of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of FinanceCo 
have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable, and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free 
and clear of all liens, encumbrances or claims except (A) as provided in 
the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement and (B) as described in the General 
Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Circular.
 
F-1