 EX-10.4 5 exhibit10_4.htm GRID PROMISSORY NOTE EXECUTED BY THE CLINIC 
NETWORK IN FAVOR OF AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC., DATED MARCH 27, 2017
 
Exhibit 10.4



THE CLINIC NETWORK  


GRID PROMISSORY NOTE


Dated:  March 27th, 2017


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, The Clinic Network, the Borrower, 
acknowledges itself indebted and unconditionally promises to pay, ON DEMAND 
to, or to the order of, Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc., the Holder at its 
offices at 15466 The Gore Road, Caledon, ON L7C 3E5 or such other place as 
the Holder may, from time to time, designate, the principal amount 
outstanding as recorded by the Borrower in the column entitled Unpaid 
Principal Balance on the record (the Grid) attached to and forming part of 
this Note.  The Unpaid Principal Balance shall not, at any time, exceed 
$500,000.


The Holder shall and is unconditionally and absolutely authorized and 
directed by the Borrower to record on the Grid (a) the date and amount of 
each advance made by the Holder and the resulting increase in the Unpaid 
Principal Balance, and (b) the date and amount of each repayment on account 
of principal paid to the Holder and the resulting decrease of the Unpaid 
Principal Balance.  Such notations, in the absence of manifest mathematical 
error, is prima facie evidence of such advances, repayments and the Unpaid 
Principal Balances; provided that the failure of the Holder to record the 
same shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower to pay such amounts 
to the Holder.


The Unpaid Principal Balance shall bear interest from this date both before 
and after demand at the rate of 10% per cent per annum. Until such time as 
demand has been made under this Note, interest shall be payable monthly in 
arrears on the 5th day of each month commencing May 5th, 2017 until the 
Unpaid Principal Balance has been paid in full.  Upon demand being made 
under this Note, all accrued and unpaid interest shall become immediately 
due and payable.


The Borrower has the right and privilege of prepaying the whole or any 
portion of the Unpaid Principal Balance, together with any interest accrued 
thereon as set out above without notice, bonus or penalty at any time or 
times.  Any such prepayments shall be applied first in satisfaction of any 
accrued but unpaid interest and thereafter to the Unpaid Principal Balance.


This Note is secured by a general security agreement executed by the 
Borrower and the Holder on the date hereof.


The Borrower represents and warrants to the Holder that (i) the 
jurisdiction of organization and the location of the chief executive office 
of the Borrower is 5025 Orbiter Drive, Building 1, Suite 401, Mississauga, 
Ontario L4W 4Y5; and (ii) the only jurisdiction in which the Borrower has 
assets or carries on business is Ontario. The Borrower shall promptly give 
notice to the Holder of any proposed change in (a) the location of its 
chief executive office from the province in which it is currently located; 
and (b) any proposed change to any relevant jurisdictions where it has 
assets or carries on business.


To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower waives:


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)
            diligence, presentment, demand and protest, and notice of
            presentment, dishonour, intent to accelerate, acceleration,
            protest, non-payment, release, compromise, settlement,
            extension or renewal of this Note; and.


(b)
            the benefit of all applicable valuation, appraisal and
            exemption laws.


In the event the Holder retains counsel to collect, enforce or protect its 
interests with respect to this Note, the Borrower shall pay all costs and 
expenses of such collection, enforcement or protection, including legal 
fees, whether or not a legal action is commenced.


The Borrower agrees that all amounts under this Note are payable without 
set-off, withholding, deduction, claim, counterclaim, defence or 
recoupment, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.


Upon request of the Holder, the Borrower shall, from time to time, execute 
and deliver acknowledgements of its liability and the continuing existence 
of the Holders claims against the Borrower pursuant to this Note.  In 
addition, any limitation periods under the Limitations Act, 2002 
(Ontario), as amended, applicable to this Note are excluded.


Time is of the essence with this Note.


This Note is binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns and 
enures to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns.  The 
Holder may at any time assign all or any of its rights and benefits 
hereunder and all references to the Holder are deemed to include a 
reference to its successors and assigns.  The Borrower may not assign any 
of its rights or obligations hereunder.


This Note is governed by and is to be interpreted, construed and enforced 
in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws 
of Canada applicable therein.


[signatures on following page]


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Borrower has executed this Note as of the date first 
above written.




THE CLINIC NETWORK






By:
/s/ Kim Wei




Name:
Kim Wei




Title:
Managing Director

[signature page to The Clinic Network, Grid Promissory Note]
















------------------------------------------------------------------------
 






Schedule A


ADVANCES AND REPAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL




Date

Amount of Advance

Principal Repaid or Prepaid

Unpaid Principal Balance


Notation Made By

Effective Date of Settlement    Agreement                                   
                     	

$50,000

  	

$50,000

 
















