 EX-10.16 30 d201422dex1016.htm EX-10.16
Exhibit 10.16

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions
 
[LOGO]

SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of this 9th day of 
August, 2016 by and between DOHMEN LIFE SCIENCE SERVICES, LLC, a Wisconsin 
limited liability company (DLSS), and ATHENEX PHARMACEUTICAL DIVISION, 
LLC, an Illinois limited liability company (Manufacturer),


RECITALS

DLSS is in the business of providing a variety of logistics and related 
services to the pharmaceutical industry, including warehousing and shipment 
services, order-to-cash services, contract administration services, 
chargeback processing, sample drug distribution and other services. 
Manufacturer desires to retain DLSS to provide certain of these services as 
more fully described herein.

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and 
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged,

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:


AGREEMENT

1. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the following words shall 
have the meanings set forth below:

(a) Adjustment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3(f) hereof.

(b) Customers means those customers or distributees of Manufacturer to 
whom Products are distributed by DLSS.

(c) DLSS Standard Operating Procedures means DLSSs standard operating 
procedures, as revised and changed by DLSS from time to time.

(d) Force Majeure means acts of God or the public enemy, earthquakes, 
fire, flood, epidemic, civil insurrection or war, acts of terrorism, 
inability to procure raw materials, power or supplies, labor shortages or 
strife, and other conditions (other than financial difficulties) beyond the 
control of the involved party which delay or prevent the rendition of such 
partys performance hereunder.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	1 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Initial Delivery Date means the date on which any Products are first 
received in MSS facilities.

(f) Laws means all United States federal, state and local laws, statutes, 
rules, regulations, guidelines, ordinances and orders.

(g) Premises means DLSSs corporate office and its warehouse facilities 
located at 1560-A Baker Avenue, Ontario, California 91761 and 4580 
Mendenhall Road, Memphis, Tennessee 38141, or such other facilities as DLSS 
and Manufacturer may mutually agree.

(h) Products means all of the pharmaceutical products manufactured, 
distributed or marketed by Manufacturer which Manufacturer distributes or 
desires to distribute in the Territory.

(i) Regulatory Agency means any national, state or local regulatory body 
or other government authority.

(j) Replacement Cost means Manufacturers Incremental, actual 
manufacturing cost to replace Products lost or damaged

(k) Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

(l) Territory means the United States of America, including its 
territories and possessions.

2. OBLIGATIONS OF DLSS. During the Term, DLSS shall provide Manufacturer 
with the following services with respect to Products delivered to DLSS for 
distribution in the Territory:

(a) Maintain the Premises and perform the warehousing, shipping and other 
services specified hereunder in material compliance with (i) all Laws known 
by DLSS to be applicable to its business, including those of the U.S. Food 
and Drug Administration, Drug Enforcement Administration and state 
pharmaceutical boards, (ii) applicable DLSS Standard Operating Procedures 
and (iii) any special operating procedures specified by Manufacturer, 
agreed to by DLSS and set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto and 
incorporated herein; provided, however, that DLSS shall not be responsible 
for maintaining its Premises or performing services in compliance with any 
of the foregoing to the extent such failure arises from or is attributable 
to any failure by Manufacturer to comply with its obligations hereunder,

(b) Receive, warehouse and, pursuant to Manufacturers instructions, ship 
Products from the Premises and provide standard reporting associated 
therewith.

(c) Provide reverse distribution services in support of returned Product 
processing and Manufacturers Product recall management.

(d) Provide order to cash services, including customer service, customer 
management, product maintenance, pricing maintenance, order management, 
invoicing, reconciliation of remittance to invoice, cash application to 
Manufacturer lock box, accounts receivable and adjustments, and provide 
standard reporting associated therewith.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	2 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Provide chargeback processing services, including maintenance of 
hardware and software necessary to process chargebacks, maintenance of 
Manufacturer contracts (including membership eligibility, products, pricing 
and contract terms), processing and verification of each submitted 
chargeback line (including contract number, prime vendor, customer, 
product, contract price, sale date, Wholesale Acquisition Cost (WAC)), 
necessary calculations, payments due, discrepancy reporting and submission 
of reconciliation reports to Manufacturer, and provide standard reporting 
associated therewith.

(f) Provide the government price reporting and other services specified in 
the Government Program Pricing & Rebate Administration Services section of 
Exhibit B attached hereto, in accordance with those agreements of 
Manufacturer with each of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services 
(CMS), the Public Health Service (PHS), and the Department of Veterans 
Affairs.

(g) Provide such additional services as Manufacturer and DLSS may 
separately agree in writing if and to the extent, and in consideration of 
the fees and expenses, set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto and 
incorporated herein, or as mutually amended.

3. OBLIGATIONS OF MANUFACTURER. During the Term, Manufacturer shall:

(a) Deliver Products to the Premises specified by DLSS during DLSSs normal 
business hours.

(b) Properly mark, label and package all Products in accordance with all 
applicable laws and include a manifest showing sizes or specific stock 
keeping units.

(c) Comply with all applicable laws to which Manufacturer is subject 
including, without limitation, those with respect to the manufacture of 
Products, their safety, labeling, packaging, advertising, marketing and 
sale, pricing under government programs and, to the extent applicable, 
advance verification of distributees licensure or authorization to receive 
and/or prescribe Products (or samples thereof).

(d) Provide DLSS on a timely basis with true and correct information 
necessary for DLSS to perform its duties hereunder, including, without 
limitation, information regarding the Products, the name and address of the 
intended Customers, all contracts and pricing agreements, promotional 
policies and other information as may be needed by DLSS in connection with 
its duties under Section 2, and validate in advance of shipment the 
distributees designated by Manufacturer to receive shipment of such 
Products as may be required for DLSS to comply with any obligations under 
applicable Laws (including, without limitation, the Prescription Drug 
Marketing Act and regulations promulgated thereunder). DLSS shall be 
entitled to rely upon all such information provided without independent 
verification, shall have no liability with respect to, and shall be 
indemnified and held harmless by Manufacturer from and against the 
inaccuracy or inadequacy of, such information.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	3 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Utilize DLSS exclusively for the types of services to be provided under 
Section 2 for all of Manufacturers requirements for such services with 
respect to all Products destined for delivery or delivered within the 
Territory.

(f) Pay when due the fees and expenses for DLSSs services rendered 
hereunder, as listed on Exhibit B, and as maybe hereafter adjusted from 
time to time by DLSS by giving a written notice to Manufacturer (an 
Adjustment Notice), subject to Manufacturers right to terminate for 
certain rate increases as set forth at Section 8 hereof. Each Adjustment 
Notice shall specify the effective date of the adjusted fees and expenses, 
which effective date (i) must be at least 60 days after the date the 
Adjustment Notice is given, (ii) may not occur during the first 12 months 
of the Term and (iii) if the fees and expenses have been adjusted pursuant 
to a previously given Adjustment Notice, must be at least 12 months after 
the effective date specified in the immediately preceding Adjustment 
Notice.

(g) As reflected in the Delegation of Authority attached hereto as Exhibit 
C, Manufacturer has delegated to DLSS the authority to submit and, if 
required. to certify price reports submitted to CMS and the Department of 
Veterans Affairs and to satisfy any additional State reporting requirements 
(current and future) after Manufacturer has reviewed the price report and 
authorized DLSS to submit that report.

4. COMMERCIAL TERMS.

(a) Except for freight, all fees and expenses will be invoiced monthly. All 
fixed one time or periodic fees and expenses are payable in advance, with 
payment due within 30 days from the date of invoice. All variable one time 
or periodic fees and expenses will be invoiced in arrears, with payment due 
within 30 days from the date of invoice (except for freight).

(b) Freight charges will be invoiced weekly with payment due within 14 days 
from the date of invoice.

(c) Payment will be deemed past due if not received by the due date, unless 
received after the due date with a timely postmark. If any amount owed by 
Manufacturer to DLSS is not paid when due, a late payment charge of 1.5% of 
the amount past due will apply for each 30 day period or part thereof that 
the amount remains unpaid.

5. LEGAL RELATIONSHIP; STANDARD OF CARE; LOSS LIMITATIONS.

(a) Title to and ownership of Products delivered to DLSS by Manufacturer 
shall remain solely with Manufacturer. Manufacturer shall be solely 
responsible for the care, custody and control of Products at all times 
prior to DLSSs inbound receipt of such Products at the Premises and after 
tender of delivery of such Products at the Premises by DLSS to outbound 
carriers

(b) The relationship between Manufacturer and DLSS hereunder is that of 
bailor and bailee, as specifically described and limited by the terms of 
this Agreement. In performing its obligations hereunder, DLSS shall have no 
liability (whether by indemnification or otherwise, and regardless of 
whether any claim is based upon contract, in tort, common law principles or 
otherwise) to Manufacturer except only for (i) DLSSs breach of its 
obligations and agreements expressly contained herein or (ii) loss or 
damage caused by DLSSs reckless or intentional misconduct.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	4 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event 
shall DLSS have liability (whether by indemnification or otherwise) for: 
(i) any loss or damage attributable to events, circumstances or conditions 
which shall constitute a Force Majeure; or (ii) unexplained loss, 
mysterious disappearance (including theft), misshipment, loss or shortage 
of Product disclosed upon the taking of an inventory, or other shrinkage of 
Product (collectively, shrinkage) to the extent that such annual 
shrinkage does not exceed ***%, of the aggregate annual number of Product 
units handled by DLSS.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
Manufacturers exclusive remedy for any loss or damage to Products arising 
from this Agreement or DLSSs services hereunder is recovery of the 
Replacement Cost of such Products lost or damaged.

(e) Subject to Section 5(f) hereof, DLSSs maximum liability to 
Manufacturer arising out of this Agreement or the performance of DLSSs 
services hereunder (including, without limitation, loss or damage to 
Products) shall not exceed: (i) during the first six (6) months of the 
Term, the sum of $***; and (ii) following such first 6-month period, the 
sum of ***, less any claims previously paid by DLSS.

(f) NEITHER DLSS NOR MANUFACTURER SHALL BE LIABLE (BY INDEMNIFICATION OR 
OTHERWISE) FOR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (WHETHER OR NOT CONTEMPLATED OR FORESEEABLE), 
WHETHER A CLAIM THEREFOR IS BROUGHT AT LAW OR IN EQUITY AND REGARDLESS OF 
WHETHER ANY CLAIM THEREFOR IS BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER 
PRINCIPLES.

(g) Manufacturer may select all freight carriers for the inbound and 
outbound transport of Products If Manufacturer declines or fails to 
designate its preferred carriers, DLSS may select the carriers. In either 
case, even if MSS is listed as the applicable shipper on any bill of lading 
or other instrument, Manufacturer acknowledges that: (i) DLSS is not 
responsible for the Products except during the time such Products are in 
the custody of DLSS at the Facilities; and (ii) Manufacturers sole 
recourse for freight loss, damage, injury or delay in the delivery of 
Products tendered for delivery to a carrier (collectively, Freight 
Claims) is an action by Manufacturer against the applicable carrier, 
subject to all terms, conditions, claims procedures, and loss limitations 
applicable to such carrier under applicable Laws, tariffs or agreements 
with such carrier. Manufacturer waives and releases DLSS from all Freight 
Claims against DLSS.

(h) Manufacturer shall reimburse DLSS upon demand for all of the 
out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys fees and other professional costs) and the time of DLSS 
employees at the rate of $*** per hour that are incurred by DLSS in 
connection with any of the following events or occurrences, except to the 
extent that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines that 
DLSSs breach of its express obligations contained in this Agreement is the 
primary cause of such event or occurrence: (i) any inspection, 
investigation or inquiry by a regulatory authority attributable to 
Manufacturer, its business, or the services hereunder; or (6) any court or 
regulatory authority directive, order, subpoena, interrogatory, demand, 
request for admission or other process of Law directed at DLSS attributable 
to Manufacturer, its business, or the services hereunder.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	5 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. INSURANCE; INDEMNITY.

(a) Manufacturer shall maintain during the Term or as otherwise provided in 
Section 6(c) hereof the following insurance coverage:

(i) Commercial general liability insurance, including products liability 
insurance on Manufacturers Products, which insurance shall be fully 
sufficient (in terms of coverage and policy limits) to cover property loss 
or damage and bodily injury or death arising from the Products. Such 
insurance shall be written on an ISO occurrence form CG 00 01 12 04 (or a 
substitute form providing equivalent coverage) and shall cover, among other 
things, bodily injury and property damage arising from products-completed 
operations and liability assumed under an insured contract including 
Manufacturers contractual liability to indemnify DLSS under Section 6(d) 
hereof. The limits of such insurance shall not be less than $*** per 
occurrence. Such insurance shall name DLSS and its subsidiaries as 
additional insureds using ISO additional insured endorsement CG 2015 0704 
or a substitute providing equivalent coverage. This insurance shall apply 
as primary insurance with respect to any other insurance or self-insurance 
program.

(ii) Fire and extended property insurance sufficient to cover the 
replacement value for all Products while in the possession or under the 
control of DLSS.

Prior to the Initial Delivery Date and thereafter upon demand, Manufacturer 
shall promptly provide DLSS with insurance certificates evidencing 
Manufacturers compliance with the foregoing insurance requirements.

(b) DLSS shall maintain during the Term or as otherwise provided in Section 
6(c) hereof the following insurance coverage:

(i) Warehousemans legal liability insurance in the amount of at least $*** 
with respect to DLSSs operations in Memphis, TN and $*** with respect to 
DLSSs operations in Ontario, CA. Manufacturer acknowledges that such 
warehousemans legal liability insurance also insures property in the 
possession of DLSS other than Products of Manufacturer.

(ii) Workers Compensation insurance as required by law.

(iii) Commercial general liability insurance and umbrella insurance having 
a combined limit of not less than $*** per occurrence and $*** annual 
aggregate. Such insurance shall be written on an ISO occurrence form CG 00 
01 1204 (or a substitute for providing equivalent coverage). Prior to the 
Initial Delivery Date and thereafter upon demand, DLSS promptly shall 
provide Manufacturer with insurance certificates evidencing DLSSs 
compliance with the foregoing requirements.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	6 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) All insurance required hereunder shall be with insurance companies 
rated A or better by A. M. Best, and shall not have deductibles or 
self-insured retentions in excess of $50,000. If any insurance required 
hereunder of Manufacturer is provided on a claims-made basis, then said 
insurance shall be maintained in full force and effect for at least five 
years after the expiration of this Agreement and any renewals hereunder.

(d) The parties hereto acknowledge that DLSS has not had and will not have 
any role in the manufacture, branding, labeling, packaging, marketing or 
sale of Products and that, as between the parties, Manufacturer shall have 
the sole liability for any product liability or similar claims (regardless 
of the legal theory upon which such claims may be brought) with respect to 
Products. Accordingly, Manufacturer indemnifies and agrees to defend and 
hold DLSS and its members, directors, officers, managers, employees and 
agents (DLSS Indemnitees), harmless from any and all claims, damages 
(whether for bodily injury or death, third-party property damage or 
otherwise), demands, causes of action, losses, judgments, costs and 
expenses of any nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, 
reasonable attorneys fees (collectively, Claims) caused by or 
attributable in whole or part to, or alleged to have been caused by or 
attributable in whole or part to:

(i) Any defect(s) in the manufacture of any Product, inherent safety risks 
of any Product or dangerous side effects of any Product;

(ii) The manufacturing, branding, labeling, packaging, marketing or sale of 
any Product;

(iii) Marketing practices of Manufacturer, off-label usage of any Product 
or the promotion of off-label usage, fraud, criminal or civil 
investigation, inspection or inquiry by or on behalf of any Regulatory 
Agency or other entity in connection with any Product, Manufacturer, its 
business or its representatives;

(iv) Any actual or asserted violation of the Federal Food, Drug and 
Cosmetic Act or any other Law by virtue of which any Product is alleged or 
determined to be adulterated, misbranded, mislabeled or otherwise not in 
full compliance with such Law;

(v) Any actual or asserted infringement or violation of any patent, 
trademark, trade name, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary 
rights of any third party with respect to any Product or information 
relating to any such Product; or

(vi) DLSSs use of or reliance upon any information, documents, direction 
or instruction provided, supplied or approved by Manufacturer or its 
representatives regarding any Product, Manufacturer, or its business.

7. INSPECTION. Manufacturer has visited and physically inspected the 
Premises and observed the DLSS Standard Operating Procedures and the 
standard practices and procedures
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	7 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
employed by DLSS thereat. Manufacturer acknowledges that the Premises, the 
DLSS Standard Operating Procedures and such observed practices and 
procedures are acceptable to Manufacturer with respect to the performance 
by DLSS of its services hereunder. Furthermore, during the Term, 
Manufacturer may, upon reasonable prior notice and during working hours, 
inspect the Premises and observe the DLSS Standard Operating Procedures and 
the standard practices and procedures employed by DLSS in rendering its 
services hereunder. Such inspection may be conducted not more than one (1) 
time per annum and shall be conducted in a manner so as to not unreasonably 
disrupt normal warehouse and other MSS operations.

8. TERM AND TERMINATION.

(a) Unless sooner terminated as herein provided, the term of this Agreement 
(the Term) shall (i) be for an initial term commencing on the date of 
this Agreement and ending 36 months following the Initial Delivery Date and 
(ii) thereafter automatically renew for successive 12 month periods, 
unless, at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the initial or renewal 
term then in effect, Manufacturer or MS notifies the other party in writing 
of its intent not to renew.

(b) If DLSS provides Manufacturer with an Adjustment Notice and if such 
Adjustment Notice specifies an increase in the aggregate fee rates from the 
fee rates then in effect that is more than the greater of the following: 
(i) ***% or (ii) ***, Manufacturer may terminate the Term by giving DLSS 
written notice of termination within 30 days after the Adjustment Notice 
was given. Failure by Manufacturer to give such notice of termination 
within such 30-day period shall constitute acceptance of the Adjustment 
Notice. If Manufacturer timely gives notice of termination, the Term shall 
terminate on the 60th day following the date the Adjustment Notice was 
given. CPI Increase means the percentage increase of the CPI, as 
hereinafter defined, for the month last published immediately preceding the 
date the Adjustment Notice is given over the CPI published for the 
identical month of the immediately preceding year. CPI means the Consumer 
Price IndexAll Urban Consumers, U.S. City Average, All Items, 
(1982-84=100) published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, United States 
Department of Labor, or any successor index thereto.

(c) If DLSS or Manufacturer believes that the other party has breached this 
Agreement (other than a breach by Manufacturer of a payment obligation) and 
desires to terminate the Term because of such breach, such party 
(Aggrieved Party) shall give written notice of such intent to the 
breaching party (Breaching Party) and shall grant the Breaching Party 
thirty (30) days in which to remedy the cause for termination. During such 
period, the parties shall make a good-faith effort to assist each other to 
remedy the breach. If the breach is not remedied or waived by the end of 
such period, then the Aggrieved Party may terminate the Term, effective as 
of the last day of such 30-day period. In the event of Manufacturers 
breach of any of its payment obligations under this Agreement, then DLSS 
may terminate the Term by giving written notice thereof to Manufacturer.

(d) The (i) obligation of Manufacturer to pay fees and expenses earned or 
incurred by DLSS prior to the expiration or effective date of termination 
of the Term and (ii) obligations of each party pursuant to Sections 4, 5, 
6, 7, this Section 8(d), 8(e), 9, 10, 11 and 12 hereof, shall survive the 
expiration or termination of the Term.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	8 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Upon termination of the Term, and in consideration of the fees and 
expenses therefor set forth on Exhibit B, DLSS and Manufacturer shall 
cooperate with each other for the removal of all of Products from the 
Premises to a location specified by Manufacturer.

9. CONFIDENTIALITY.

(a) DLSS shall not disclose (except as required in the performance of its 
services hereunder or as provided in this Section 9) or use for the direct 
or indirect benefit of any person, other than Manufacturer, any information 
regarding the Products or Manufacturers business methods, policies, 
procedures, techniques, computer programs, research or development 
projects, trade secrets or inventions, names or addresses of Manufacturers 
customers, data concerning past, present or prospective customers of 
Manufacturer, information concerning Manufacturer sales, shipments, costs 
or inventories, or any other information concerning the business operations 
of Manufacturer or Manufacturers customers (Manufacturer Information) 
provided to DLSS or learned or acquired by DLSS while providing services 
under this Agreement. The fact that Manufacturer is a customer of DLSS is 
not Manufacturer Information.

(b) Manufacturer shall not disclose or use for the direct or indirect 
benefit of any person, other than DLSS, any written or oral information 
regarding DLSSs business methods, policies, procedures, techniques, 
computer programs, research or development projects, trade secrets or 
inventions, names or addresses of DLSSs customers, any data concerning 
past, present or prospective customers of DLSS, information concerning 
DLSSs business revenues, pricing policies or costs, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, or any other information concerning the 
business operations of MSS or its customers (the DLSS Information) 
provided to Manufacturer or learned or acquired by Manufacturer while 
receiving services from DLSS under this Agreement.

(c) The terms Manufacturer Information and DLSS Information do not 
include any:

(i) Information that, at the time of disclosure, is in or, after disclosure 
by the disclosing party, becomes a part of the public domain, other than by 
reason of breach of this Agreement;

(ii) Information that, prior to disclosure by the disclosing party, the 
recipient party can demonstrate from written records was already within its 
possession from another source not under a contractual, fiduciary or other 
obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing party; or

(iii) Information that, subsequent to disclosure, is obtained by the 
recipient party from a third party who is not prohibited from disclosing 
such information by a contractual, fiduciary or other obligation owed to 
the disclosing party.

(d) DLSS may disclose Manufacturer information, and Manufacturer may 
disclose DLSS Information, to their respective officers, employees, 
directors, consultants, professional advisors, agents and representatives 
(collectively, Representatives) who have a need to know. Each 
Representative to whom DLSS discloses Manufacturer Information and to whom
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	9 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manufacturer discloses DLSS Information shall be apprised by DLSS and 
Manufacturer, respectively, of the restrictions on disclosure and use 
thereof contained in this Section 9 and shall agree (for the benefit of 
Manufacturer and DLSS, respectively) to be bound by the terms of this 
Section 9. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party hereto shall be 
responsible and liable for any breach of this Section 9 by its 
Representatives.

(e) If either DLSS (with respect to Manufacturer Information) or 
Manufacturer (with respect to DLSS Information) is compelled to disclose 
the same by court order, subpoena, interrogatory or other legal process, 
such disclosure shall be permitted, provided that the recipient party shall 
promptly notify the disclosing party of the existence and terms of such 
legal process and provide a copy thereof, and reasonably assist the 
disclosing partys efforts to obtain a protective order or such other 
relief as may be available to prevent or limit such disclosure.

(f) The confidentiality covenants of this Section 9 shall remain in effect 
during the Term and for a period of two years following the expiration or 
termination thereof.

(g) Each of DLSS and Manufacturer acknowledges that its breach of this 
Section 9 will cause irreparable harm to the other which cannot be 
adequately compensated by monetary damages. Accordingly, in the event of a 
breach or default under this Section 9 by a recipient party, the disclosing 
party shall be entitled to compel specific performances by, or to obtain 
injunctive or other equitable relief against, the recipient party, without 
the necessity of posting bond or other surety, in addition to all other 
remedies available at law or in equity.

10. TAXES. Except for income or franchise taxes payable by DLSS with 
respect to the fees payable to it hereunder, DLSS shall have no liability 
for any, and Manufacturer shall bear all, property, ad valorem, inventory, 
sales, use or other taxes in connection with the Products or the services 
rendered by DLSS hereunder.

11. NON-SOLICITATION.

(a) During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) 
months thereafter, Manufacturer shall not, directly or indirectly, in any 
manner solicit or induce for employment, or hire or engage the services of, 
any employee of DLSS or its Affiliates who performed any work under this 
Agreement. A general advertisement or notice of a job listing or opening or 
other similar general publication of a job search or availability to fill 
employment positions, including on the internet, shall not be construed as 
a solicitation or inducement for the purposes of this Section 11(a) so long 
as the circumstances indicate that the same was not targeted or directed at 
DLSS employees.

(b) If Manufacturer breaches Section 11(a), Manufacturer shall pay to DLSS 
a sum equal to one years base salary that was payable by DLSS to that 
employee. plus the recruitment costs incurred by DLSS in replacing such 
individual.

12. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Amendment; Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the attached Exhibits and 
any Adjustment Notice constitute the entire understanding of the parties 
with respect to the
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	10 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all previous or 
contemporaneous agreements, statements and understandings, whether written 
or oral The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail over any 
contradictory terms or conditions contained in any purchase order, 
acceptance, acknowledgment, standard forms used by the parties in 
performing this Agreement or other correspondence. This Agreement may not 
be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except by an Adjustment 
Notice or an instrument in writing executed by both of the parties hereto.

(b) Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the parties 
and their successors and assigns. The rights and obligations under this 
Agreement may not be assigned or delegated to a third party by either 
party, by operation of law or otherwise, without obtaining the prior 
written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either 
party may assign and delegate, without obtaining the consent of the other 
party, all of the assignors rights and/or obligations of this Agreement 
(i) to one or more of its parent, subsidiaries or affiliated entities or 
(ii) in connection with the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of 
the assignors business to which this Agreement pertains; provided, 
however, that any such assignee shall have executed and delivered to the 
other party hereto an agreement, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the other party hereto, assuming all of the assignors 
obligations hereunder. No such assignment, delegation or assumption, 
however, shall relieve the assignor of its obligations hereunder.

(c) Force Majeure. Each party to this Agreement will be relieved from the 
performance of its obligations hereunder to the extent performance is 
delayed or prevented by Force Majeure, and such relief will continue for so 
long as the condition constituting the Force Majeure prevails; provided, 
however, that (i) if such Force Majeure continues for more than seven 
consecutive days. either party hereto may elect to terminate this Agreement 
by giving written notice thereof to the other party and (ii) the foregoing 
shall not relieve Manufacturer of its obligation to timely pay amounts due 
under this Agreement.

(d) Status as an Authorized Distributor of Record. Both DLSS and 
Manufacturer agree and acknowledge that (i) the Agreement evidences the 
parties ongoing relationship (as that term is defined by the Food and 
Drug Administration in 21 CFR § 203.3(u), as amended) for the distribution 
of Manufacturers products; and (ii) DLSS is at all times during the Term 
an authorized distributor of record (as that term is defined by the Food 
and Drug Administration in 21 CFR § 203.3(b), as amended) for Products. 
DLSSs status as an authorized distributor of record shall be reflected in 
Manufacturers list of authorized distributors of record (List) at all 
times during the Term. Manufacturer shall comply fully with 21 CFR § 
203.50(d), as amended with respect to maintaining (and granting access to) 
the List. The parties hereto understand and agree that the Agreement may be 
made available to the FDA upon the FDAs request.

(e) Notice. Any notice provided for herein shall be given in writing and 
shall be deemed given to a party at the earlier of (i) when actually 
delivered to such party or (ii) when mailed to such party by registered or 
certified U.S. Mail (return receipt requested) or sent by overnight 
courier, confirmed by receipt, and addressed to such party at the address 
designated below for such party (or to such other address for such party as 
such party may have substituted by notice pursuant to this Section):
 
   	If to DLSS: 	   	
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC
190 N. Milwaukee Street
Milwaukee, WI 53202
ATTN: General Counsel
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	11 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	If to Manufacturer: 	   	
Athenex Pharmaceutical Division, LLC
10 N. Martingale Road, Suite 230
Schaumburg, IL 60173
ATTN: Jeffrey Yordon

(f) Attorneys Fees. The prevailing party in any suit, proceeding or other 
action brought against the other party to enforce the terms of this 
Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder shall be entitled to 
receive reimbursement of its reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements 
(including court costs and attorneys fees) incurred in connection with 
such enforcement.

(g) Independent Contractors. The relationship of the parties is that of 
independent contractors. Neither party has the authority to bind the other, 
except only to the extent expressly set forth herein. Nothing herein is 
intended to create or shall be construed as creating between the parties 
the relationship of joint venturers, partners, employer/employee or 
principal and agent.

(h) Liability of DLSS. The obligations of DLSS hereunder are its sole 
obligations, and no member, manager or employee or agent of DLSS shall have 
any individual liability therefor.

(i) Governing Law; Construction. This Agreement shall be governed by the 
internal laws of the state of New York, and shall be construed without 
giving effect to any rule of construction concerning the party responsible 
for the drafting thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first set forth above.
 
DOHMEN LIFE SCIENCE SERVICES, LLC
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Its: 	  	 
ATHENEX PHARMACEUTICAL DIVISION, LLC
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Its: 	  	 
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	12 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

MANUFACTURERS SPECIAL OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	13 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

FEE AND EXPENSE SCHEDULE

SUPPLY CHAIN PRICING

Pricing for the Supply Chain Services category covers the following:
 
  	 	  	Facilities Provisioning & Management
 
  	 	  	Distribution Operations
 
  	 	  	Specialty Logistics
 
  	 	  	Transportation and Logistics


SERVICE: Facilities Provisioning & Management, Distribution Operations and 
Specialty Logistics
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	Fee 	  	
Unit
 Implementation
   	Initial Program set-up 	   	$*** 	  	One-time
   	Additional product / NDC set-up subsequent to program initiation 	   	
$*** 	  	One-time per NDC
 Subscription
   	Provision of systems and resources to distribute products 	   	$*** 	  	
Per month
 Transactional
   	Receiving & Movement 	   	CRT/Non-Scheduled 	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	CRT/Scheduled 	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	Vault 	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	Refrigerated 	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	Storage 	   	CRT/Non-Scheduled 	   	$*** 	  	Per location / month
   	   	CRT/Scheduled 	   	$*** 	  	Per location / month
   	   	Vault 	   	$*** 	  	Per location / month
   	   	Refrigerated 	   	$*** 	  	Per location / month
   	Pick/Pack 	   	CRT/Non-scheduled 	   	$*** 	  	Per unit, case or inner 
pack
   	   	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	CRT/Scheduled 	   	$*** 	  	Per unit, case or inner pack
   	   	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	Vault 	   	$*** 	  	Per unit, case or inner pack
   	   	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	Refrigerated 	   	$*** 	  	Per unit, case or inner pack
   	   	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	Same-day shipment of order received after 2 p.m. cut-off 	   	$*** 	  	
Per order shipped
   	Product Returns 	   	$*** 	  	Per unit
   	Quarantine release and Control 	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
 Optional Ad
 hoc Services
   	FDA Hold Processing 	   	Receiving 	   	$*** 	  	Per pallet
   	   	Storage 	   	$*** 	  	Per location / month
   	Hazmat / International Processing 	   	$*** 	  	Per shipping container
   	Temp Tale Log Quarantine Release and 	   	$*** 	  	Per temp tale logged
   	Product Destruction 	   	+***% 	  	Cost plus
   	Client Specific Supplies 	   	+***% 	  	Cost plus
   	Physical Inventory 	   	*** 	  	Per labor hour
   	Product Recall Support 	   	*** 	  	Per labor hour


Service: Transportation and Logistics
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	Fee 	  	Unit
 Subscription
   	Access to Dohmen Transportation & Logistics Service Programs 	   	$*** 	
  	Per month
 Transactional
   	Transportation and Logistics transactions 	   	*** 	  	
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	14 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL SERVICES PRICING

Pricing for the Financial Services category covers the following:
 
  	 	  	Order Management
 
  	 	  	Receivables Management
 
  	 	  	Discount Management (Chargebacks)
 
  	 	  	Government Programs, including Medicaid
 
  	 	  	General Ledger (GL) and Accounting


SERVICE: Order Management
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Implementation 	   	Initial Program Set-Up 	   	$*** 	   	One-time
Subscription 	   	Provision of systems and resources to enter and manage 
orders 	   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee per NDC 	   	$*** 	   	Per NDC per month
Transactional 	   	EDI order entered 	   	$*** 	   	Per order
   	Manual Order Entry or Intervention 	   	$*** 	   	Per order
   	RGA issued 	   	$*** 	   	Per RGA
   	Adjusted, amended, or cancelled order 	   	$*** 	   	Per order
Optional Ad hoc Services 	   	State Sales Tax Management 	   	$*** 	   	
Per month
   	Client Order Review 	   	$*** 	   	Per month


SERVICE: Receivables Management
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Implementation 	   	Initial Program Set-Up (additional to Order Management 
set-up) 	   	$*** 	   	One-time
   	Change Bank or Lockbox 	   	$*** 	   	One-time per charge
Subscription 	   	Provision of systems and resources to create and manage 
invoicing, collections and cash application 	   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee per NDC 	   	$*** 	   	Per NDC per month
Transactional 	   	Manually Created Credit/Debit Memo 	   	$*** 	   	Per 
memo
   	Automatically Created Credit/Debit Memo 	   	$*** 	   	Per memo
   	Invoicing, collections and cash application  standard invoice 	   	
$*** 	   	Per invoice created
   	Invoicing, collections and cash application for Direct Customer 
(physician, clinic or hospital) 	   	$*** 	   	Per invoice created
Optional Ad Hoc Services 	   	Memo/Cash Application if client does not have 
Lock Box 	   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee/Rebate Invoice Validation 	   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee/Rebate Invoice Monitoring 	   	$*** 	   	Per month


SERVICE: Discount Management (Chargebacks)
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Implementation 	   	Initial Program Set-Up 	   	$*** 	   	One-time
Subscription 	   	Provision of systems and resources to process chargebacks 	
   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee per NDC 	   	$*** 	   	Per NDC per month
Transactional 	   	EDI Chargeback 	   	$*** 	   	Per chargeback line
   	Manually Entered Chargeback 	   	$*** 	   	Per chargeback line
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	15 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MARKET ACCESS & GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS PRICING

Pricing for this category covers the following:

SERVICE: Medicaid Claims
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Implementation 	   	Initial Program Set-Up 	   	$*** 	   	One-time
Subscription 	   	Provision of systems and resources to validate and 
process State Medicaid claims 	   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee per NDC 	   	$*** 	   	Per NDC per month
Transactional 	   	Admin fee report 	   	$*** 	   	Per report
   	Quarterly Medicaid summary report 	   	$*** 	   	Per report


SERVICE: Government Pricing
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Implementation 	   	Initial Program Set-Up 	   	$*** 	   	One-time
Subscription 	   	Provision of systems and resources to calculate 
government pricing 	   	$*** 	   	Per month
   	Fee per NDC 	   	$*** 	   	Per NDC per month
Optional Ad
hoc Services
   	Quarterly restatement of single price calculation by labeler code 	   	
$*** 	   	Per labeler code per quarter
   	Tricare Contract and Rebate Administration 	   	$*** 	   	Per quarter


SERVICE: Market Access & Government Program Consulting
 
Fee Category
   	
Resource
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Consulting Services 	   	Vice President 	   	$*** 	   	Per hour
   	Director 	   	$*** 	   	Per hour
   	Manager 	   	$*** 	   	Per hour
   	Analyst 	   	$*** 	   	Per hour


TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PRICING

Pricing for Technology Services covers the following:
 
  	 	  	Business continuity
 
  	 	  	EDI mailboxes
 
  	 	  	IT Tech support


SERVICE: Technology Services
 
Fee Category
   	
Activity
   	
Fee
   	
Unit
Implementation 	   	N/A  included in each individual service module 	   	
N/A 	   	
Subscription 	   	Business continuity  network architecture, hardware and 
software maintenance and access to Dohmen reporting systems 	   	$*** 	   	
Per month
Optional Ad
hoc Services
   	EDI mailbox 	   	$*** 	   	Per kchar
   	IT Technical Support 	   	$*** 	   	Per labor hour
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	16 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LOGISTICS PROGRAM PRICING

Pricing based on utilization of Dohmen Life Science Services preferred 
carriers exclusively. Parcel Express and Ground discounts are off the 
current published rates in effect on date of shipment. Manufacturer will 
reimburse Dohmen at ***% for (i) all specialty equipment, LTL, import 
international forwarding/containerized shipments, spot market shipments, 
transportation insurance (if applicable), and detention charges (if 
applicable), Accessorial (if applicable). Carrier price increases will be 
passed to the client at an increase equal to Dohmen.


LTL PRICING:
 
  	 	  	LTL rates based on CzarLite rate base
 
  	 	  	FAK 55 for class 50-70
 
  	 	  	All other classes move at actual rate


GROUND & HOME PARCEL SERVICE
 
Carrier
   	
Discount
 LTL
   	***%
 
  	   	
Package Type
 Continental US Ground
   	3P, IB, OB, RB
 
Package Weight
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
 1 to 5 lbs.
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 6 to 10 lbs.
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 11 to 15 lbs.
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 16 to 150 lbs.
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 Minimum Reduction Amount: Zone 2, 1 lb.
   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$***

Minimum Package Charge: For each package, client agrees to pay the greater 
of the net package charge based
on Clients Discounts, if any, for a given service or the minimum net 
package charge as defined above.
 
Service
   	Package Type 	 
 Home Delivery
   	  	3P, OB 	  
 
Package Weight
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
 1 to 5 lbs
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 6 to 10 lbs
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 11 to 15 lbs
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 16 to 150 lbs
   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***% 	   	***%
 Minimum Reduction Amount: Zone 2, 1 Pound
   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$*** 	   	$***

Minimum Package Charge: For each package, client agrees to pay the greater 
of the net package charge based
on Clients Discounts, if any, for a given service or the minimum net 
package charge as defined above.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	17 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AIR PARCEL SERVICE

Priority Overnight Envelope
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	9-10 	  	11-12 	  	13-16
 Envelope %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	  	
*** 	  	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	  	
*** 	  	***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.


Priority Overnight Pak
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9-10
   	
11-12
   	
13-16
 Pak 1-2 lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.


Priority Overnight
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9-10
   	
11-12
   	
13-16
 1+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.


Standard Overnight Envelope
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9
   	
13-16
 Envelope %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.


Standard Overnight Pak
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9-10
   	
13-16
 Envelope %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.


Standard Overnight
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9
   	
13-16
 1+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.

2 Day
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9-10
   	
11-16
 Envelope %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
 1+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.


Express Saver
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
 1+ lbs %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charge is the list rate for the 
minimum billable weight in zone 2.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	18 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Day Freight Air
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9-10
   	
11-12
   	
13-16
 % of base
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	***


2 Day Freight Air
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
   	
9-10
   	
11-12
   	
13-16
 % of base
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	***


3 Day Freight Air
 
Zones
   	
2
   	
3
   	
4
   	
5
   	
6
   	
7
   	
8
 % of base
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***


INTERNATIONAL EXPORT

International Priority EnvelopExport
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K-O
   	
PR
 Envelope %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	

Minimum charges are based upon the International Service Minimum Charge 
Tables.


International Priority PakExport
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K-O
   	
PR
 Pak 1-2 lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	

Minimum charges are based upon the International Service Minimum Charge 
Tables.


International PriorityExport
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K-O
   	
PR
 1-99 lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 100-154 lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	

Minimum charges are based upon the International Service Minimum Charge 
Tables.


International Priority HeavyweightExport
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K-O
 155+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	***

Minimum charges are based upon the International Service Minimum Charge 
Tables.


International EconomyExport
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K
   	
L-O
   	
PR
 1-99 lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 100-154 lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***

Minimum charges are based upon the International Service Minimum Charge 
Tables.
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	19 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
International Economy HeavyweightExport
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K
   	
L
   	
M-O
 155+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***

Minimum charges are based upon the International Service Minimum Charge 
Tables.


International Priority Freight (DTD, DTA, ATD, ATA)Export
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K
   	
L-O
   	
PR
 155+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***


International Economy Freight (DTD, DTA, ATD, ATA)Export
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
B
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K-O
   	
PR
 151+ lbs. %
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***

Unless otherwise stated, the minimum charges applied to the International 
Freight Services are the published minimum as per the carriers service 
guide.

In relation to cargo claims for loss or damage, LTL shipments will receive 
a release value of $*** per pound when Dohmens contracted carriers are 
used. In addition, courier shipments (via FedEx, UPS, etc.) will be insured 
for cost of goods or $100.00 per carton, whichever is less.

Dohmen will assess a $*** fee per international shipment of the document 
preparation.


INTERNATIONAL IMPORT

International Import FreightPriority & Economy
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K-N
   	
O
   	
P
   	
PR
 Freight 151 lbs. + % discounts
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***


International Import ParcelsPriority
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K
   	
L-O
   	
P
   	
PR
 Parcel % Discounts Envelope
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Parcel % Discounts 1-154 lbs.
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 155+ lbs.
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	20 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
International Import Parcels  Economy
 
Zones
   	
A
   	
C
   	
D
   	
E
   	
F
   	
G
   	
H
   	
I
   	
J
   	
K
   	
L-O
   	
P
   	
PR
 Parcel % Discounts 1-154 lbs.
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 155+ lbs.
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 Minimum Reduction Amount
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	21 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO FILE AND CERTIFY PRICE REPORTS

Athenex Pharmaceutical Division, LLC and Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 
(DLSS) are parties to a Service Agreement dated as of August 9, 2016 
(Agreement). In accordance with the terms of the Agreement, and effective 
as of the date of the Agreement, Athenex Pharmaceutical Division, LLC 
hereby delegates to DLSS the authority to submit and, if required, to 
certify price reports submitted to CMS and the Department of Veterans 
Affairs and to satisfy any additional State reporting requirements (current 
and future) after Athenex Pharmaceutical Division, LLC has reviewed the 
price report and authorized DLSS to submit that report. The following is a 
list of the individuals at Athenex Pharmaceutical Division, LLC authorized 
to approve the price reports:
 
Name 	  	 	   	Title
  	  	 	   	 
  	  	 	   	 
  	  	 	   	 
  	  	 	   	 
  	  	 	   	 
 
 
 
ATHENEX PHARMACEUTICAL DIVISION, LLC
By: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
  	(CEO, CFO or individual with equivalent authority)
 
Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC 	   	22 	   	Confidential Information
*** = Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.