 EX-10.22 2 brx10k12312016ex1022.htm EX 10.22


 Exhibit 10.22 


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated May 11, 2016, by and between 
Brixmor Property Group Inc. (the “Company”) and Mark Horgan (“Executive”).


The Company desires to employ Executive and to enter into an agreement 
embodying the terms of such employment;


Executive desires to accept such employment and enter into such an 
agreement;


In consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:


1.    Term of Employment. Subject to the provisions of Section 5 of this 
Agreement, Executive shall be employed by the Company for a period 
commencing on May 20, 2016 (the “Effective Date”) and ending on the third 
anniversary of the Effective Date (the “Employment Term”) on the terms and 
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.


2.    Position, Duties and Authority.


(a)    During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as the Company’s 
Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer. In such position, 
Executive shall have such duties, functions, responsibilities and authority 
as shall be determined from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of 
the Company and be consistent with the duties, functions, responsibilities 
and authority of an executive vice president, chief investment officer of a 
publicly-traded real estate investment trust. Executive shall report 
directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or such other senior 
officer of the Company as directed by the Chief Executive Officer.


(b)    During the Employment Term, Executive will devote his full business 
time and best efforts to the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder 
(excluding periods of vacation and sick leave) and will not engage in any 
other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise 
which would conflict or interfere with the rendition of such services, 
either directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the 
Chief Executive Officer; provided that nothing herein shall preclude 
Executive, subject (in the case of (i) below) to the prior approval of the 
Chief Executive Officer (which approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld), from (i) accepting appointment to or continuing to serve on the 
board of directors or trustees of up to two other business corporations 
(but not more than one audit committee), (ii) serving as an officer or 
director of or otherwise participating in non-profit educational, welfare, 
social, religious and civil organizations, including, without limitation, 
all such positions and participation in effect as of the Effective Date, 
and (iii) managing personal and family investments; provided, however, that 
any such activities as described in (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding 
provisions of this paragraph do not conflict or materially interfere with 
the performance and fulfillment of Executive’s duties and responsibilities 
as an executive of the Company in accordance with this Agreement or 
conflict with Section 6. Executive shall be permitted to retain all 
compensation in respect of any of the services or activities referred to in 
the first proviso of the first sentence of this Section 2(b).


(c)    As of the start of the Employment Term, Executive’s principal place 
of employment shall be the Company’s offices located at 450 Lexington 
Avenue, New York, New York, subject to required travel.


3.    Compensation.


(a)    Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay 
Executive a base salary (“Base Salary”) at the annual rate of $475,000, 
payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company’s usual 
payment practices. Executive shall be entitled to such increases in 
Executive’s Base Salary, if any, as may be determined from time to time in 
the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, but in no event shall the Company be entitled to reduce 
Executive’s Base Salary below the annual rate of $475,000.


(b)    Annual Bonus. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be 
eligible to earn an annual cash bonus award (an “Annual Bonus”) as follows. 
In all fiscal years during the Employment Term other than 2016, Executive’s 
annual bonus will be calculated based on the achievement of performance 
objectives, metrics and targets (including the level of achievement 
required for Executive to earn the threshold, target and high performance 
objectives) adopted by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board 
within the first three months of each fiscal year during the Employment 
Term. During




------------------------------------------------------------------------




each such fiscal year, the minimum bonus payable to Executive, if the 
threshold performance objectives and targets are achieved, will be 56% of 
Executive’s Base Salary; the target bonus will be 75% of Executive’s Base 
Salary (the “Annual Target Bonus”), if target performance objectives and 
targets are achieved; and the maximum bonus payable to Executive will be 
100% of Executive’s Base Salary, if high performance objectives and targets 
are achieved. The Annual Bonus, if any, shall be paid to Executive in a 
lump sum in cash within two and one-half months after the end of the 
applicable fiscal year. Except as provided in Section 5, no Annual Bonus 
shall be earned or payable in respect of any fiscal year in which 
Executive’s employment is terminated.


 In fiscal year 2016, the calculation of the Annual Bonus will be the same 
as for subsequent years, except that the performance metrics and level of 
achievement shall be those previously established by the Compensation 
Committee for other executive officers of the Company for 2016 and provided 
that in no event shall Executive’s Annual Bonus for 2016 be less than an 
amount determined by multiplying $356,250 by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the number of days during fiscal year 2016 that Executive is 
employed by the Company (i.e. from the Effective Date to and including 
December 31, 2016), and the denominator of which is the number of days in 
fiscal year 2016.


 (c)    Initial Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Grant. As of the 
Effective Date, Executive shall receive a grant (the “Initial RSU Award”) 
of Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) equal to the quotient of (x) $1,250,000 
divided by (y) the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date 
of this Agreement, rounded down to the nearest even whole number. The terms 
of the Initial RSU Award shall provide that the RSUs shall vest ratably 
over five (5) years commencing on the first anniversary of the Effective 
Date and otherwise be on terms and conditions substantially similar to the 
form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.


(d)    Annual Long Term Restricted Stock Unit Grants. As of the Effective 
Date, Executive shall receive a grant of RSUs (the “2016 RSU Award”) equal 
to the quotient of (x) $1,000,000 divided by (y) the closing price of the 
Company’s common stock on the date of this Agreement, which amount shall be 
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days 
during fiscal year 2016 that Executive is employed by the Company (i.e. 
from the Effective Date to and including December 31, 2016), and the 
denominator of which is the number of days in fiscal year 2016, rounded 
down to the nearest even whole number. Of this amount, one-third will be 
subject to the one-year performance targets and two-thirds will be subject 
to the three-year performance targets, each as provided in Exhibit B. Such 
number of RSUs shall be deemed to be the “target” number of RSUs. The terms 
and provisions of the 2016 RSU Award, other than the amount of the grant, 
shall be consistent with the form of RSU awards granted to other senior 
executives of the Company in March 2016, as reflected in Exhibit B. In 2017 
and in subsequent years of the Employment Term, Executive shall receive 
annual equity compensation with a value at target performance levels equal 
to $1,000,000, which shall be in such form and subject to performance-based 
and time-based vesting periods, conditions, timing of grant and other 
criteria consistent with grants to other senior executives as determined by 
the Compensation Committee from year to year.


4.    Benefits.


(a)    General. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to 
participate in the Company’s employee benefit, fringe and perquisite plans, 
practices, policies and arrangements as in effect from time to time 
(collectively, “Employee Benefits”), on generally the same terms and 
conditions as each of the Employee Benefits are made available to other 
senior executives of the Company (other than with respect to annual 
bonuses, incentive plans and severance plans (as well as any other terms 
and conditions specifically determined under this Agreement), the benefits 
for each which shall be determined instead in accordance with this 
Agreement).


(b)    Reimbursement of Business Expenses. During the Employment Term, the 
Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary business 
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive’s duties 
hereunder in accordance with its then prevailing policy for senior 
executives (which shall include appropriate itemization and substantiation 
of expenses incurred).


(c)    Housing. Commencing as of the Effective Date and conditioned on 
Executive’s continued employment with the Company, the Company shall 
reimburse Executive for up to six (6) months of housing expenses in New 
York City, not to exceed $7,500 per month. In addition, the Company shall 
reimburse Executive for all necessary and reasonable relocation expenses 
per Company policy. Within 120 days following the Effective Date, Executive 
shall, at his election, list his current primary residence (the 
“Residence”) for sale and if so elected shall obtain an Appraisal (as 
defined below) on the Residence within said 120 day period, the cost of 
such appraisal to be borne by the Company. If Executive has been unable to 
sell the Residence within 12 months after the Effective Date, then, upon 
Executive’s request made within 30 thirty days after the expiration of said 
12 month period (the “Notice Period”), the Company shall purchase the 
Residence from Executive at the value of the Appraisal. The Company shall 
close on the purchase of the Residence within 60 days after receipt




------------------------------------------------------------------------


of such request. Regardless of whether Executive sells the Residence to a 
third party or to the Company, the Company shall pay Executive’s reasonable 
and customary closing costs and real estate agent commissions (provided 
that no real estate commissions will be payable by the Company if the 
Company purchases the Residence). An appraisal for purposes of this 
Agreement is an appraisal performed by a licensed real estate appraiser 
acceptable to the Company that does not have a prior personal or 
professional relationship with the Company or Executive. The provisions of 
this Section shall not be applicable if Executive does not list the 
Residence within the 120 day period provided for above or fails to notify 
the Company of Executive’s request for the Company to purchase the 
Residence within the Notice Period.


 5.    Termination.


(a)    The Employment Term and Executive’s employment hereunder may be 
terminated by either party at any time and for any reason; provided that 
Executive will be required to give the Company at least 60 days advance 
written notice of any resignation of Executive’s employment (other than as 
a result of a Constructive Termination) and the Company will be required to 
give Executive at least 60 days advance written notice of a Termination 
without Cause. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the 
provisions of this Section 5 shall exclusively govern Executive’s rights 
upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliates.


(b)    By the Company For Cause or By Executive Other Than as a Result of a 
Constructive Termination.


            (i)    The Employment Term and Executive’s employment hereunder
            may be terminated by the Company for Cause and shall terminate
            automatically upon the effective date of Executive’s
            resignation other than as a result of a Constructive
            Termination (as defined in Section 5(d)(i)).


            (ii)    Definition of Cause. For purposes of this Agreement,
            “Cause” shall mean any one of the following events: (A)
            Executive’s repeated and willful refusal to undertake good
            faith efforts to substantially perform Executive’s duties
            hereunder (other than as a result of total or partial
            incapacity due to physical or mental illness or injury); (B) in
            connection with his employment, Executive engages in conduct
            that constitutes willful gross neglect or willful gross
            misconduct; (C) in connection with his employment, Executive
            engages in any willful act or omission which is injurious in a
            non-de minimis manner to the financial condition or business
            reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries (taken as a
            whole); (D) an act or acts on Executive’s part constituting (x)
            a felony under the laws of the United States or any state
            thereof or (y) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or (E)
            Executive’s willful and material breach of Section 7 of this
            Agreement, any breach of Section 6 of this Agreement, or any
            breach of the representations in Section 9(l) of this
            Agreement. No act or failure to act shall be considered to be
            willful unless done or omitted to be done in bad faith and
            without reasonable belief it was in the best interests of the
            Company and its subsidiaries. Any act or failure to act based
            upon express direction given pursuant to a resolution of the
            Board or upon the express instructions of the Chairman of the
            Board (provided that Executive was not the Chairman of the
            Board at the applicable time) shall be conclusively presumed to
            be done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and
            in the best interests of the Company. To the extent the Board
            reasonably determines that any act or failure to act alleged to
            constitute Cause is curable, Executive shall be provided with
            notice of at least 30 days to cure any act or omission alleged
            to constitute Cause. The Company may only terminate Executive
            for Cause following a resolution approved by a majority of the
            Board.


            (iii)    If Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company
            for Cause, Executive shall be entitled to receive:


            (A)    no later than 10 days following the date of termination,
            the Base Salary through the date of termination;


            (B)    reimbursement, within 60 days following receipt by the
            Company of Executive’s claim for such reimbursement (including
            appropriate supporting documentation), for any unreimbursed
            business expenses properly incurred by Executive in accordance
            with Company policy prior to Executive’s termination; provided
            that such claims for such reimbursement are submitted to the
            Company within 90 days following the date of Executive’s
            termination of employment; and


            (C)    such Employee Benefits, if any, as to which Executive
            may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of the
            Company, including accrued vacation, payable in accordance with
            the terms and conditions of such tax qualified employee benefit
            plans (the amounts described in clauses (A) through (C) hereof
            being referred to as the “Accrued Rights”).




------------------------------------------------------------------------




Following such termination of Executive’s employment by the Company for 
Cause, except as set forth in this Section 5(b)(iii), Executive shall have 
no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this 
Agreement.


            (iv)    If Executive resigns other than as a result of a
            Constructive Termination, Executive shall be entitled to
            receive the Accrued Rights. Following such resignation by
            Executive other than as a result of a Constructive Termination,
            except as set forth in this Section 5(b)(iv), Executive shall
            have no further rights to any compensation or any other
            benefits under this Agreement.


(c)    Disability or Death.


            (i)    Disability. During any period that Executive fails to
            perform his duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to
            physical or mental illness or injury (the “Disability Period”),
            Executive shall continue to receive his full Base Salary set
            forth in Section 3(a) until his employment is terminated
            pursuant to Section 5(a). For purposes of this Agreement,
            “Disability” shall mean Executive’s inability to perform, with
            or without reasonable accommodation, Executive’s duties under
            this Agreement due to a physical or mental illness or injury
            for a period of six consecutive months or for an aggregate of
            12 months in any consecutive 24-month period. Any question as
            to the existence of the Disability of Executive as to which
            Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in
            writing by a qualified independent physician mutually
            acceptable to Executive and the Company. If Executive and the
            Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician,
            each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians
            shall select a third physician who shall make such
            determination in writing. The determination of Disability made
            in writing to the Company and Executive shall be final and
            conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.


            (ii) Upon termination of Executive’s employment hereunder for
            either Disability or death, Executive or Executive’s estate,
            survivors or beneficiaries (as the case may be) shall be
            entitled to receive:


            (A)    the Accrued Rights;


            (B)    no later than 10 days following the date of termination,
            a pro rata portion of the Annual Target Bonus, based on a
            fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during
            the fiscal year up to and including the date of termination of
            Executive’s employment and the denominator of which is the
            number of days in such fiscal year (the “Pro-Rated Bonus”);


            (C)    any Annual Bonus earned, but unpaid, as of the date of
            termination for the immediately preceding fiscal year, paid in
            accordance with Section 3(b) (except to the extent payment is
            otherwise deferred pursuant to any applicable deferred
            compensation arrangement with the Company, in which case such
            payment shall be made in accordance with the terms and
            conditions of such deferred compensation arrangement) (the
            “Earned Bonus”); and


            (D)    death or disability benefits under any applicable plans
            and programs of the Company in accordance with the terms and
            provisions of such plans and programs.


      (d)    By the Company Without Cause or Resignation by Executive as a
      Result of Constructive Termination.


            (i)    A “Constructive Termination” shall be deemed to have
            occurred upon (A) a reduction in Executive’s Base Salary or
            Annual Bonus opportunities at threshold, target, and maximum
            (as a percentage of Base Salary) below the levels provided for
            in Section 3(a) and Section 3(b) of this Agreement, or the
            failure of the Company to pay or cause to be paid Executive’s
            Base Salary or Annual Bonus when due hereunder; (B) a material
            diminution in Executive’s authority or responsibilities from
            those described in Section 2 hereof; (C) the relocation of
            Executive’s primary office location to a location that is more
            than fifty (50) miles from the Executive’s primary office
            location as of the Effective Date; or (D) the Company’s failure
            to pay or provide any material Employee Benefits required to be
            provided to Executive under this Agreement; or (E) the
            Company’s failure to assign (by contract or by law) this
            Agreement to any Successor as required by Section 9(h) of this
            Agreement or (F) the Company’s material breach of this
            Agreement or any applicable equity agreement; provided that
            none of the events described in this Section 5(d)(i) shall
            constitute Constructive Termination if Executive consents to
            such event and unless the Company fails to cure such event
            within 30 days after receipt from Executive of written notice
            of the event which constitutes Constructive Termination; 
            provided, further, that “Constructive Termination” shall cease
            to exist for an event




------------------------------------------------------------------------



            on the 90th day following the later of its occurrence or
            Executive’s knowledge thereof, unless Executive has given the
            Board written notice thereof prior to such date.


            (ii)    If Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company
            without Cause (other than by reason of death or Disability) or
            Executive resigns with a basis for Constructive Termination,
            Executive shall be entitled to receive:


            (A)    the Accrued Rights;


            (B)    the Pro-Rated Bonus;


            (C)    continuation of medical, vision and dental group
            insurance coverage (as applicable), contingent on Executive
            electing continuation coverage under COBRA (including dependent
            coverage) for 18 months (the “Continuation Period”) following
            the date of termination, with the Company reimbursing Executive
            on an after tax basis during the Continuation Period for the
            total amount of the monthly COBRA premiums payable by Executive
            for such continued benefits in excess of the cost Executive
            paid for such coverage (on a monthly premium basis) immediately
            prior to the date of termination;


            (D)    the Earned Bonus; and


            (E)    subject to Executive’s continued compliance with Section
            6 and material compliance with Section 7 hereof, (i) a lump-sum
            cash payment equal to the sum of (x) 200% of Executive’s Base
            Salary as of the date immediately prior to Executive’s
            termination of employment and (y) the sum of Executive’s Annual
            Bonuses payable (if any) in respect of the two fiscal years
            (the “Reference Fiscal Years”) immediately prior to the date of
            Executive’s termination of employment (or, if the date of
            Executive’s termination of employment occurs in 2016 or 2017,
            the sum of Executive’s Annual Bonuses will be deemed to be two
            times the Annual Target Bonus in lieu of the foregoing
            formulation) (the total of (x) and (y), the “Severance
            Target”); provided that if either Reference Fiscal Year is less
            than a full 12 months, then the Annual Bonus payable in respect
            of such fiscal year shall be annualized prior to making the
            foregoing calculation.


            Such payments shall be paid to Executive on the 60th day
            immediately following the date of Executive’s termination of
            employment.


(e)    Release. Any and all amounts payable to Executive under Section 5 
other than the Accrued Rights (collectively, the “Conditioned Benefits”) 
are subject to (i) Executive’s execution and non-revocation of a general 
release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company and no more onerous 
than other similar agreements entered into with other senior executives of 
the Company under similar circumstances (the “Release”) within 55 days of 
the date of termination and (ii) the expiration of any revocation period 
contained in such Release. Further, to the extent that any of the 
Conditioned Benefits constitutes “nonqualified deferred compensation” for 
purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”), any payment of any amount or provision of any benefit 
otherwise scheduled to occur prior to the 60th day following the date of 
Executive’s termination of employment hereunder, but for the condition on 
executing the Release as set forth herein, shall not be made until the 
first regularly scheduled payroll date following such 60th day, after which 
any remaining Conditioned Benefits shall thereafter be provided to 
Executive according to the applicable schedule set forth herein.


(f)    Expiration of Employment Term. Unless the parties otherwise agree in 
writing, continuation of Executive’s employment with the Company beyond the 
expiration of the Employment Term shall be deemed an employment at-will and 
shall not be deemed to extend any of the provisions of this Agreement, and 
Executive’s employment may thereafter be terminated at will by either 
Executive or the Company; provided that the provisions of Sections 6, 7 and 
8 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement or 
Executive’s termination of employment hereunder. The Initial RSU Award as 
well as all future equity grants shall provide that in the event that the 
Employment Term is not extended, then (i) any earned but unvested equity 
units (i.e., where the applicable performance period has been completed but 
any time vesting periods have not been completed) shall become fully vested 
and (ii) to the extent that any applicable performance period has not been 
completed, then upon the expiration of the Employment Term, any such 
performance metrics shall be measured as of that date (or to the nearest 
practicable date, and prorated to the extent necessary) to determine actual 
performance through such date and then prorated for the number of days 
during the performance period that occurred prior to the end of the 
Employment Term and such equity units shall become fully vested at the end 
of the Employment Term.




------------------------------------------------------------------------


(g)    Notice of Termination; Board/Committee Resignation. Any purported 
termination of employment by the Company or by Executive (other than due to 
Executive’s death) pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement shall be 
communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. 
For purposes of this Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” shall mean a 
notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this 
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts 
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of employment 
under the provision so indicated. Upon termination of Executive’s 
employment for any reason, Executive agrees to resign, as of the date of 
such termination and to the extent applicable, from the Board (and any 
committees thereof) and the board of directors (and any committees thereof) 
of any of the Company’s affiliates.


(h)    Excise Tax Provision. In the event it is determined that any payment 
or benefit (within the meaning of Section 280G(B)(2) of the Code, to 
Executive or for his benefit paid or payable or distributed or 
distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in 
connection with, or arising out of, his employment (“Payments”), would be 
subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any 
interest or penalties are incurred by Executive with respect to such excise 
tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties, are 
hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Excise Tax”), then the total 
Payments shall be reduced to the extent the payment of such amounts would 
cause Executive’s total Payments to constitute an “excess parachute 
payment” under Section 280G of the Code and by reason of such excess 
parachute payment the Executive would be subject to an Excise Tax, but only 
if the after-tax value of the Payments calculated with the foregoing 
restriction exceed those calculated without the foregoing restriction. In 
that event, Executive shall designate those rights, payments, or benefits 
under this Agreement, any other agreements, and any benefit arrangements 
that should be reduced or eliminated so as to avoid having the payment or 
benefit to Executive under this Agreement be deemed to be an excess 
parachute payment; provided, however, that in order to comply with Section 
409A of the Code, the reduction or elimination will be performed in the 
order in which each dollar of value subject to a right, payment, or benefit 
reduces the parachute payment to the greatest extent. All determinations 
under this subparagraph (h) shall be made at the expense of the Company by 
a nationally recognized public accounting firm selected by the Company and 
subject to approval of Executive, which approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. Such determination shall be binding upon Executive and the 
Company in the absence of manifest error. To the extent the terms of this 
subsection 5(h) conflict with the terms of an equity award granted pursuant 
to this Agreement, this subsection 5(h) shall govern.


6.    Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation. Executive acknowledges and 
recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Company 
and its affiliates and accordingly agrees as follows:


(a)    Non-Competition.


            (i)    During the Employment Term and, for a period of one year
            following the date Executive ceases to be employed by the
            Company (the “Restricted Period”), Executive will not, directly
            or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control, consult with, be
            employed by or otherwise provide services to, or participate in
            the ownership, management, operation or control of any person
            or entity (“Person”) whose primary and principal business
            activity is the conduct of the Business. For purposes of this
            Agreement, “Business” shall mean the ownership, management
            and/or development of neighborhood and community shopping
            centers in the United States.


            (ii)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive’s ownership
            solely as a passive investor of 2% or less of the outstanding
            securities of any class of any company shall not, by itself, be
            considered to violate Section 6(a)(i).


            (iii)    The period of time during which the provisions of this
            Section 6(a) shall be in effect shall be extended by the length
            of time during which Executive is in breach of the terms hereof
            as determined by any court of competent jurisdiction on the
            Company’s application for injunctive relief so long as the
            Company has not acquiesced in such activity.


(b)    Non-Solicitation. During the Employment Term and the Restricted 
Period, Executive will not, whether on Executive’s own behalf or on behalf 
of or in conjunction with any Person:


            (i)    solicit or encourage (which shall not include providing
            references on behalf of any such employee or issuing a
            non-targeted general employment advertisement) any employee of
            the Company or its subsidiaries at or above the level of Vice
            President to leave the employment of the Company or its
            subsidiaries (collectively, the “Restricted Group”), or hire
            any such employee who was engaged in the Business and employed
            by the Restricted Group as of the date of Executive’s
            termination of employment with the Company or who left such
            employment of the Restricted Group (except when terminated
            without




------------------------------------------------------------------------



            Cause) coincident with, or within one year prior to, the date
            of Executive’s termination of employment with the Company; or


            (ii)    intentionally encourage any material consultant engaged
            in the Business and retained by the Restricted Group to cease
            working with the Restricted Group.


(c)    It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive and 
the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 6 to be 
reasonable, if a final judicial determination is made by a court of 
competent jurisdiction that any restriction contained in this Section 6 is 
an unenforceable restriction against Executive, the provisions of this 
Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply 
with such deletion or modification as such court may judicially determine 
or indicate to make the Agreement valid and enforceable. The restrictions 
contained in this Section 6 shall be construed as separate and individual 
restrictions and shall each be capable of being reduced in application or 
severed without prejudice to the other restrictions contained in this 
Section 6 or to the remaining provisions of this Agreement.


7.    Confidentiality; Intellectual Property.


(a)    Confidentiality.


            (i)    Executive may not at any time (whether during or after
            Executive’s employment with the Company), disclose, divulge,
            reveal, communicate, share, transfer or provide access to any
            Confidential Information that he may obtain during his
            employment by the Company to any other Person, except (A) in
            connection with performing his duties for the Company or its
            subsidiaries, (B) to the Company or its subsidiaries, or to any
            authorized (or apparently authorized) agent or representative
            of any of them, (C) when required to do so by law or regulation
            or requested by a court, governmental agency, legislative body,
            arbitrator or other person with apparent jurisdiction to order
            him to communicate, divulge or make accessible any such
            confidential information, (D) in the course of any proceeding
            under Section 9(d) of this Agreement, or (E) in confidence to
            any attorney or other professional advisor for the purposes of
            securing professional advice. For purposes of this Agreement,
            “Confidential Information” shall mean any proprietary or
            confidential information of the Company and its subsidiaries,
            and includes, without limitation, trade secrets, know-how,
            research and development, software, databases, inventions,
            processes, formulae, technology, designs and other intellectual
            property, information concerning finances, investments,
            profits, pricing, costs, products, services, vendors,
            customers, clients, partners, investors, personnel,
            compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales,
            marketing, promotions, government and regulatory activities and
            approvals; provided, however, that the term Confidential
            Information shall not include any document, record, data,
            compilation or other information that is known or generally
            available to the public, or within any trade or industry of the
            Company or any of its affiliates, other than as a result of
            Executive’s violation of this Section 7, or not otherwise
            considered confidential by persons within such trade or
            industry.


          (ii)    [Reserved].


          (iii)    Upon termination of Executive’s employment with the
          Company for any reason, Executive shall (A) cease and not
          thereafter commence use of any Confidential Information or
          intellectual property (including without limitation, any patent,
          invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, trade name, logo,
          domain name or other source indicator) owned or used by the
          Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates; and (B) immediately
          destroy, delete, or return to the Company, at the Company’s
          option, all originals and copies in any form or medium (including
          memoranda, books, papers, plans, computer files, letters and
          other data) in Executive’s possession or control (including any
          of the foregoing stored or located in Executive’s office, home,
          laptop or other computer, whether or not Company property) that
          contain Confidential Information or otherwise relate to the
          Business of the Company and its subsidiaries, except that
          Executive may retain only those portions of any personal notes,
          notebooks and diaries that do not contain any Confidential
          Information and may retain any Company-issued cell phone, his
          contacts and calendars and any compensation-related information
          or information reasonably necessary for tax return purposes.



(b)     Intellectual Property.


            (i)    If Executive creates, invents, designs, develops,
            contributes to or improves any works of authorship, inventions,
            intellectual property, materials, documents or other work
            product (including, without limitation, research, reports,
            software, databases, systems, applications, presentations,
            textual works, content,




------------------------------------------------------------------------



            or audiovisual materials) (“Works”), either alone or with third
            parties, at any time during Executive’s employment by the
            Company and within the scope of such employment and with the
            use of any the Company resources (“Company Works”), Executive
            shall promptly and fully disclose the same to the Company and
            hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and conveys, to the
            maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all rights and
            intellectual property rights therein (including rights under
            patent, industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade
            secret, unfair competition and related laws) to the Company to
            the extent ownership of any such rights does not vest
            originally in the Company.


            (ii)    Executive shall take all requested actions and execute
            all requested documents (including any licenses or assignments
            required by a government contract) at the Company’s expense
            (but without further remuneration) to assist the Company in
            validating, maintaining, protecting, enforcing, perfecting,
            recording, patenting or registering any of the Company’s rights
            in the Company Works.


            (iii)    Executive shall not improperly use for the benefit of,
            bring to any premises of, divulge, disclose, communicate,
            reveal, transfer or provide access to, or share with the
            Company any confidential, proprietary or non-public information
            or intellectual property relating to a former employer or other
            third party without the prior written permission of such third
            party. Executive shall comply with all relevant policies and
            guidelines of the Company that are from time to time previously
            disclosed to Executive, including regarding the protection of
            Confidential Information and intellectual property and
            potential conflicts of interest.


            (iv)    The provisions of Section 7 hereof shall survive the
            termination of Executive’s employment for any reason (except as
            otherwise set forth in Section 7(a)(ii) hereof).


8.    Specific Performance. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the 
Company’s remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of any of the 
provisions of Section 6 and Section 7 of this Agreement would be inadequate 
and the Company would suffer irreparable damages as a result of such breach 
or threatened breach. In recognition of this fact, Executive agrees that, 
in the event of such a breach, the Company, without posting any bond, shall 
be entitled, in addition to any other remedy available at law or equity, to 
cease making any payments or providing any benefit otherwise required by 
this Agreement and obtain equitable relief in the form of specific 
performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction 
or any other equitable remedy which may then be available. In addition, 
upon any breach of Section 6 or any material breach of Section 7 of this 
Agreement (in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) 
within four years of the termination of Executive’s employment, Executive 
shall promptly return to the Company upon request all cash payments (other 
than the Accrued Rights) made to Executive pursuant to Section 5 (if any), 
less any amounts paid by Executive as taxes in respect of such payments 
(unless such taxes are actually recovered by Executive from the relevant 
governmental authority, in which case such tax amounts also shall be 
returned to the Company). Any determination under Section 5(b)(ii)(E), 
Section 5(d)(ii)(E), or this Section 8 of whether the Executive is in 
compliance with Section 6 hereof and material compliance with Section 7 
hereof shall be determined based solely on the contractual provisions 
provided therein and the facts and circumstances of Executive’s actions 
without regard to whether the Company could obtain an injunction or other 
relief under the law of any particular jurisdiction.


9.    Miscellaneous.


(a)    Professional Fees and Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse 
Executive up to $15,000 for reasonable attorneys’ or other professional 
fees and for any other expenses Executive incurs in connection with the 
preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
equity incentive agreements entered into in connection herewith. Such 
reimbursements shall be made within 10 days following presentation to the 
Company of appropriate invoices or other documentation for the amount of 
such fees and expenses.


(b)    Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance. To the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify and hold 
Executive harmless for all acts and omissions occurring during his 
employment with the Company or service as a member of the Board to the 
extent provided under the Company’s charter, by-laws and applicable law and 
shall promptly advance to Executive or Executive’s heirs or representatives 
all damages, costs, liabilities, losses and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and expenses) (collectively, “Expenses”) as a result of any 
claim, demand, request, investigation, dispute, controversy, threat, 
discovery request or request for testimony or information (collectively, a 
“Claim”) or any proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative or 
investigative), or any threatened Claim or proceeding (whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative), against Executive that arises 
out of or relates to Executive’s service as an officer, director or 
employee, as the case may be, of the Company, or the Executive’s service in 
any such capacity or similar capacity with an affiliate of the Company or 
other entity at the request of the Company, upon receipt




------------------------------------------------------------------------


by the Company of a written request with appropriate documentation of such 
Expenses, and an undertaking by Executive to repay the amount advanced if 
it shall ultimately be determined that Executive is not entitled to be 
indemnified by the Company against such Expenses. During the Employment 
Term and for a term of six years thereafter, the Company, or any successor 
to the Company, shall purchase and maintain, at its own expense, directors’ 
and officers’ liability insurance providing coverage for Executive in the 
same amount as for members of the Board.


(c)    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to 
conflicts of laws principles thereof.


(d)    Jurisdiction; Venue. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8 in 
connection with equitable remedies, each of the parties hereto hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal court 
sitting in the Southern District of New York or any state court in the 
First Judicial Department over any suit, action or proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement, and each of the parties agrees that any 
action relating in any way to this Agreement must be commenced only in the 
courts of the State of New York, federal or state. Each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted or not 
prohibited by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the 
laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such 
a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in 
such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process in any suit, 
action or proceeding by sending the same by certified mail, return receipt 
requested, or by recognized overnight courier service, to the address of 
such party set forth in Section 9(k). In the event of any litigation 
regarding the enforcement of any of the terms or provisions of this 
Agreement, the prevailing party in any such litigation shall be awarded 
reasonable attorney fees and court costs.


(e)    Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement (including, without 
limitation, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto) contains the entire 
understanding of the parties with respect to the employment of Executive by 
the Company and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings 
(including verbal agreements) between Executive and the Company and/or its 
current or former affiliates regarding the terms and conditions of 
Executive’s employment with the Company and/or its current or former 
affiliates. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, warranties, 
covenants or undertakings between the parties with respect to the subject 
matter herein other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement 
(including, without limitation, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto) 
may not be altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument 
signed by the parties hereto.


(f)    No Waiver. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to 
any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver 
of such party’s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to 
insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this 
Agreement.


(g)    Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of 
this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.


(h)    Assignment. This Agreement, and all of Executive’s rights and duties 
hereunder, shall not be assignable or delegable by Executive. Any purported 
assignment or delegation by Executive in violation of the foregoing shall 
be null and void ab initio and of no force and effect. This Agreement shall 
be assigned by the Company to a person or entity which is a successor in 
interest (“Successor”) to substantially all of the business operations of 
the Company. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the 
Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such affiliate 
or Successor.


(i)    Set Off; No Mitigation. The Company’s obligation to pay Executive 
the amounts provided and to make the arrangements provided hereunder shall 
not be subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment of amounts owed by 
Executive to the Company or its affiliates. Executive shall not be required 
to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this 
Agreement by seeking other employment, and such payments shall not be 
reduced by any compensation or benefits received from any subsequent 
employer or other endeavor. Any amounts due under Section 5 of this 
Agreement are considered reasonable by the Company and are not in the 
nature of a penalty.


(j)    Compliance with Code Section 409A.


            (i)    The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits
            under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Code Section
            409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this
            Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith.
            If any provision of this Agreement (or of any award of
            compensation, including equity compensation or benefits) would
            cause Executive to incur any additional tax




------------------------------------------------------------------------



            or interest under Code Section 409A, the Company shall, after
            consulting with and receiving the approval of Executive, reform
            such provision in a manner intended to avoid the incurrence by
            Executive of any such additional tax or interest.


            (ii)    A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have
            occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement
            providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that are
            considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code
            Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment
            unless such termination is also a “separation from service”
            within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and, for purposes of
            any such provision of this Agreement, references to a
            “termination,” “termination of employment” or like terms shall
            mean “separation from service.” The determination of whether
            and when a separation from service has occurred for proposes of
            this Agreement shall be made in accordance with the
            presumptions set forth in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury
            Regulations.


            (iii)    Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
            notwithstanding, if at the time of Executive’s separation from
            service, the Company determines that Executive is a “specified
            employee,” within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then to the
            extent any payment or benefit that Executive becomes entitled
            to under this Agreement on account of such separation from
            service would be considered nonqualified deferred compensation
            under Code Section 409A, such payment or benefit shall be paid
            or provided at the date which is the earlier of (i) 6 months
            and one day after such separation from service and (ii) the
            date of Executive’s death (the “Delay Period”). Upon the
            expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits
            delayed pursuant to this Section 9(j) (whether they would have
            otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in
            the absence of such delay) shall be paid or provided to
            Executive in a lump-sum, and any remaining payments and
            benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in
            accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them
            herein.


            (iv)    Any reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under
            this Agreement that constitute deferred compensation within the
            meaning of Code Section 409A shall be made or provided in
            accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A,
            including that (A) in no event shall any fees, expenses or
            other amounts eligible to be reimbursed by the Company under
            this Agreement be paid later than the last day of the calendar
            year next following the calendar year in which the applicable
            fees, expenses or other amounts were incurred; (B) the amount
            of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits
            that the Company is obligated to pay or provide, in any given
            calendar year shall not affect the expenses that the Company is
            obligated to reimburse, or the in-kind benefits that the
            Company is obligated to pay or provide, in any other calendar
            year, provided that the foregoing clause (B) shall not be
            violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any
            arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely
            because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the
            period the arrangement is in effect; (C) Executive’s right to
            have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and in-kind
            benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other
            benefit; and (D) in no event shall the Company’s obligations to
            make such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits
            apply later than Executive’s remaining lifetime (or if longer,
            through the 6th anniversary of the Effective Date).


            (v)    For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive’s right to
            receive any installment payments shall be treated as a right to
            receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a
            payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with
            reference to a number of days (for example, “payment shall be
            made within 30 days following the date of termination”), the
            actual date of payment within the specified period shall be
            within the sole discretion of the Company. In no event may
            Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year
            of any payment to be made under this Agreement, to the extent
            such payment is subject to Code Section 409A.


            (vi)    To the extent the terms of this subsection 9(j)
            conflict with the terms of an equity award granted pursuant to
            this Agreement, this subsection 9(j) shall govern.


(k)    Notice. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by e-mail, hand or 
overnight courier or three days after it has been mailed by United States 
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to 
the respective addresses set forth below in this Agreement, or to such 
other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in 
accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be 
effective only upon receipt.




------------------------------------------------------------------------



        If to the Company:


        Brixmor Property Group Inc.
        450 Lexington Avenue
        New York, New York 10017
        Attention: General Counsel
        steven.siegel@brixmor.com

        If to Executive:

        To the most recent address of Executive set forth in the personnel
        records of the Company.

(l)    Executive Representation. Executive hereby represents to the Company 
that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the 
Company and the performance by Executive of Executive’s duties hereunder 
shall not constitute a breach of the terms of any employment agreement or 
other agreement or written policy to which Executive is a party or 
otherwise bound. Executive hereby further represents that he is not subject 
to any restrictions on his ability to solicit, hire or engage any employee 
or other service-provider. Executive agrees that the Company is relying on 
the foregoing representations in entering into this Agreement and related 
equity-based award agreements.


(m)    Withholding Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable 
under this Agreement such Federal, state and local taxes as may be required 
to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.


(n)    Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures 
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.


(o)     Negotiation of Agreement. This Agreement has been negotiated by the 
Executive and the Company, and both parties have had the opportunity to 
consult counsel. Accordingly, this Agreement is not to be construed in 
favor of one party or another, or its interpretation affected by whether a 
particular provision was drafted by one party or the other.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first above written.


BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
 
/s/ Steven F. Siegel
By: Steven F. Siegel
Title: Executive Vice President
 
EXECUTIVE
 
/s/ Mark Horgan
Mark Horgan
 














------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT A

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as of the 
Effective Date set forth in the Award Certificate (the “Award Certificate
”) is made by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. (together with its 
Subsidiaries, the “Company”) and the Participant. The Award Certificate is 
included with and made part of this Agreement. In this Agreement and each 
Award Certificate, unless the context otherwise requires, words and 
expressions shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, except as 
herein defined.

      1.
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings:

        a. “Award” means the award as set forth on the Award Certificate.

        b. “Award Certificate” means the certificate attached to this
        Agreement specifying the Effective Date and the Award.

        c. “Board” means the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group
        Inc.

        d. “Effective Date” means the Effective Date set forth in the Award
        Certificate.

        e. “Participant” means the Eligible Person whose name is set forth
        in the Award Certificate.

        f. “Plan” means the Brixmor Property Group Inc. 2013 Omnibus
        Incentive Plan.

        g. “Qualifying Termination” means a termination of Participant’s
        employment by the Company without Cause, by Participant as a result
        of a Constructive Termination or while Participant has a Disability
        or resulting from the Participant’s death (as Cause, Constructive
        Termination and Disability are defined in Participant’s employment
        agreement with the Company dated April 26, 2016). In addition,
        solely for the purposes of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement,
        any termination of Participant’s employment (other than for Cause)
        prior to May 20, 2021 shall also constitute a Qualifying
        Termination.

        h. “RSU” or “Restricted Stock Unit” means a restricted stock unit
        granted hereunder pursuant to the Plan.

        i. “Termination Date” means the effective date of a Termination of
        Employment for any reason.

        j. “Termination of Employment” means a “separation from service” of
        the Participant from the Company, as defined under Section 409A.

2. RSU Award; Settlement of RSUs.

      a.
Grant of Award. The Company grants to the Participant the number of RSUs 
set forth in the Award Certificate.

      b.
Vesting. Subject to Section 3, the RSUs granted under the Award shall 
become vested as follows, subject to the Participant’s continued employment 
with the Company through the applicable date(s) (each, a “Vesting Date”): 
One-fifth of the Award shall vest on each of the first, second, third, 
fourth and fifth anniversary dates of the Effective Date.

      c.
Issuance of Common Stock.

      i.
Settlement of RSUs. Shares underlying a vested RSU shall be transferred to 
the Participant as soon as administratively practicable following the 
applicable Vesting Date. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued to the 
Participant in respect of an RSU prior to the applicable Vesting Date. 
After an RSU vests, the Company shall promptly cause to be registered in 
Participant’s name or in the name of the executor or personal 
representative of the Participant’s estate, as the case may be, one share 
of Common Stock in payment for each such vested RSU. For purposes of this 
Agreement, the date on which vested RSUs are converted into Common Stock 
shall be referred to as the “Settlement Date.”


------------------------------------------------------------------------



      ii.
Fractional RSUs. In the event the Participant is vested in a fractional 
portion of an RSU, such portion shall be rounded down to the nearest whole 
number.

3. Effects of Certain Events.

      a.
General. Subject to Section 3(b), in the event that the Participant’s 
employment with the Company is terminated (including upon resignation by 
the Participant), any unvested RSUs shall be forfeited automatically and 
without further action.

      b.
Qualifying Termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing:

      i.
In the event of the Participant’s Qualifying Termination, all unvested RSUs 
(and any associated Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall immediately vest.

      c.
Termination for Cause. In the event of the Participant’s termination of 
employment for Cause, then any unvested RSUs (and any associated Dividend 
Equivalent Amount) and any shares underlying RSUs that have not yet been 
transferred to the Participant shall be automatically forfeited as of the 
Termination Date.

4. Dividend Equivalent Rights.

      a.
Each RSU shall have a Dividend Equivalent Right associated with it with 
respect to any cash dividends on Common Stock that have a record date after 
the Effective Date and prior to the applicable Settlement Date for such RSU 
(the total accrued dividends for each earned RSU, a “Dividend Equivalent 
Amount”).

      b.
The Dividend Equivalent Amount shall be calculated by crediting a 
hypothetical bookkeeping account for the Participant with an amount equal 
to the amount of cash dividends that would have been paid on the dividend 
payment date with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock 
underlying the unsettled earned RSUs (or RSUs which become earned in 
accordance with this Agreement) if such shares had been outstanding on the 
dividend record date. The Participant’s Dividend Equivalent Amount shall 
not be credited with interest or earnings.

      c.
Any Dividend Equivalent Amount: (i) shall be subject to the same terms and 
conditions applicable to the earned RSU to which the Dividend Equivalent 
Right relates, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer 
and the forfeiture conditions contained in the Agreement; (ii) shall vest 
and be settled upon the same terms and at the same time of settlement as 
the RSUs to which they relate; and (iii) will be denominated and payable 
solely in cash. The payment of Dividend Equivalent Rights will be net of 
all applicable withholding taxes pursuant to Section 5(g).

5. Miscellaneous.

      a.
Administration. The Committee shall administer the Award.

      b.
Agreement Subject to Plan; Amendment. By entering into this Agreement, the 
Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and 
read a copy of the Plan. The Awards and RSUs granted hereunder are subject 
to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan, as it may be amended 
from time to time, are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the 
event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a 
term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the 
Plan will govern and prevail. The terms of the Agreement and the Award 
Certificate may be amended from time to time by the Committee in its sole 
discretion in any manner that it deems appropriate; provided, that any such 
amendment that would materially and adversely affect any right of the 
Participant shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of 
the Participant.

      c.
Participant is Unsecured General Creditor. The Participant and the 
Participant’s heirs, successors, and assigns shall have no legal or 
equitable rights, interest, or claims in any specific property or assets of 
the Company. Assets of the Company shall not be held under any trust for 
the benefit of the Participant or the Participant’s heirs, successors, or 
assigns, or held in any way as collateral security for the fulfilling of 
the obligations of the Company under the Agreement or the Plan. Any and all 
of the Company’s assets shall be, and remain, the general unrestricted 
assets of the Company. The Company’s sole obligation under this Agreement 
and in respect of the


------------------------------------------------------------------------


         Award shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of
         the Company to pay the Participant in the future, subject to the
         conditions and provisions of the Agreement and the Plan.

      d.
No Transferability; No Assignment. Neither the Participant nor any other 
person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, 
anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate 
or convey in advance of actual receipt, the Award or the RSUs. No part of 
the RSUs or the shares of Common Stock delivered in respect of any vested 
RSUs, and/or amounts payable under this Agreement shall, prior to actual 
settlement or payment, be subject to seizure, attachment, garnishment or 
sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate 
maintenance owed by the Participant or any other person, be transferable by 
operation of law in the event of the Participant’s or any other person’s 
bankruptcy or insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a 
property settlement or otherwise.

      e.
No Right to Continued Employment. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor 
the Participant’s receipt of the Award hereunder (or RSUs issued in 
settlement of the Award) shall impose any obligation on the Company or any 
Affiliate to continue the employment of the Participant, subject however to 
the terms and provisions of Participant’s employment agreement with the 
Company dated April [ ], 2016.

      f.
Limitation on Shareholder Rights. The Participant shall have no rights as a 
shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (subject to Dividend 
Equivalent Rights as set forth in Section 4) and no voting rights with 
respect to the RSUs and any shares of Common Stock underlying or issuable 
in respect of such RSUs until such shares of Common Stock are actually 
issued to and held of record by the Participant. No adjustments will be 
made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is 
prior to the date of issuance of the shares of Common Stock, except for the 
Dividend Equivalent Rights as set forth in Section 4.

      g.
Tax Withholding.

      i.
Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or all 
federal, state or local income tax, employment tax or other tax related 
items (“Tax Related Items”), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate 
liability for all Tax Related Items associated with the RSUs (and the 
Dividend Equivalent Rights associated therewith) is and remains the 
Participant’s responsibility and that the Company: (A) makes no 
representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Related 
Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited 
to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of the shares of Common 
Stock, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting 
and the receipt of any Dividend Equivalent Rights; and (B) does not commit 
to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or 
eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax Related Items. Further, if 
Participant has relocated to a different jurisdiction between the date of 
grant and the date of any taxable event, Participant acknowledges that the 
Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in 
more than one jurisdiction.

      ii. 
Prior to the relevant taxable event, the Participant shall pay or make 
adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company, in its sole discretion, 
to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations for Tax 
Related Items of the Company. In this regard, the Participant authorizes 
the Company, in its sole discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard 
to all Tax Related Items legally payable by the Participant with respect to 
the RSUs by withholding in shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the 
Participant, provided that the Company withholds only the amount of shares 
of Common Stock necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding 
amount using the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the 
Settlement Date. Participant shall pay to the Company any amount of Tax 
Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold as a result of 
the RSUs that are not satisfied by the previously described method. The 
Company may refuse to deliver the shares of Common Stock to the Participant 
if the Participant fails to comply with Participant’s obligations in 
connection with the Tax Related Items as described in this Section.

      h.
Compensation Recovery Policy. The compensation under this Agreement shall 
be subject to being recovered under the Company’s compensation recovery 
policy, if any, or any similar policy that the Company may adopt from time 
to time applicable to all senior executives. For avoidance of doubt, 
compensation recovery rights to shares of Common Stock issued under this 
Agreement shall extend to any proceeds realized by the Participant upon the 
sale or other transfer of such shares of Common Stock. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, if in the opinion of the independent directors 
of the Board, (i) the Company’s financial results are restated or were 
materially misstated due in whole or in part to intentional fraud or 
misconduct by the Participant, and (ii) the payment or equity or 
equity-based award made or issued pursuant to this Agreement based on the 
corrected


------------------------------------------------------------------------


         financial results would be less than the amount previously paid or
         issued, then by approval by a majority of the independent
         directors of the Board, the Board may, based upon the facts and
         circumstances surrounding the restatement, direct that the Company
         recover all or a portion of any payment or equity or equity-based
         award made or issued pursuant to this Agreement, and the
         Participant shall be required, in addition to any other remedy
         available (on a non-exclusive basis), to pay to the Company,
         within 10 business days’ of the Company’s request to Participant
         therefore, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the
         aggregate after-tax proceeds (taking into account all amounts of
         tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of
         such proceeds in the year of repayment) Participant received upon
         the sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of
         the RSUs and any shares of Common Stock issued in respect of such
         RSUs over (ii) the aggregate Cost of such shares (if any). For
         purposes of this Agreement, “Cost” means, in respect of any share
         of Common Stock, the amount paid by Participant for such share, as
         proportionately adjusted for all subsequent distributions.

      i.
Section 409A Compliance. The Award and the shares of Common Stock and 
amounts payable under this Agreement are intended to comply with the 
requirements of Section 409A so as to prevent the inclusion in gross income 
of any benefits accrued hereunder in a taxable year prior to the taxable 
year or years in which such amount would otherwise be actually distributed 
or made available to the Participants. The Agreement shall be administered 
and interpreted to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that 
intent. Notwithstanding the terms of Section 2 or Section 3, if a 
Participant is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A, 
no payments in respect of any Award or RSU that is “deferred compensation” 
subject to Section 409A and which would otherwise be payable upon the 
Participant’s “separation from service” (as defined in Section 409A) shall 
be made to such Participant prior to the date that is six months after the 
date of the Participant’s “separation from service” or, if earlier, the 
Participant’s date of death. Following any applicable six month delay, all 
such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest 
date permitted under Section 409A that is also a business day. The 
Participant is solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all 
taxes and penalties under Section 409A that may be imposed on or in respect 
of the Participant in connection with this Agreement, and the Company shall 
not be liable to any Participant for any payment made under this Plan that 
is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty or interest under 
Section 409A, nor for reporting in good faith any payment made under this 
Agreement as an amount includible in gross income under Section 409A.

      j.
Section 280G of the Code. In the event that the accelerated vesting of the 
RSUs or the amounts payable under this Agreement, together with all other 
payments and the value of any benefit received or to be received by the 
Participant, would result in all or a portion of such payment being subject 
to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code (the “Excise Tax”), then the 
Participant’s payment shall be either (a) the full payment or (b) such 
lesser amount that would result in no portion of the payment being subject 
to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account 
the applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, 
and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by the Participant, on an 
after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the payment notwithstanding that 
all or some portion of the payment may be taxable under Section 4999 of the 
Code. Any such reduction shall be made by the Company in compliance with 
all applicable legal authority, including Section 409A. All determinations 
required to be made under this Section shall be made by the nationally 
recognized accounting firm which is the Company’s outside auditor 
immediately prior to the event triggering the payments that are subject to 
the Excise Tax, which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the Participant 
(the “Accounting Firm”). The Company shall cause the Accounting Firm to 
provide detailed supporting calculations of its determinations to the 
Company and the Participant. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm 
shall be borne solely by the Company. The Accounting Firm’s determinations 
must be made with substantial authority (within the meaning of Section 6662 
of the Code).

      k.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland applicable to 
contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Maryland, without 
giving effect to the conflict of law provisions thereof. Any suit, action 
or proceeding with respect to this Agreement (or any provision incorporated 
by reference), or any judgment entered by any court in respect of any 
thereof, shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the 
State of New York, and each of the Participant and the Company hereby 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any 
such suit, action, proceeding, or judgment. Each of the Participant and the 
Company hereby irrevocably waives (i) any objections which it may now or 
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action, or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any 
court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York, (ii) any claim 
that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has 
been brought in any inconvenient forum and (iii) any right to a jury trial.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


      l.
Signature in Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the 
signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.


* * * * *
























































------------------------------------------------------------------------


BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
AWARD CERTIFICATE

   1.
Brixmor Property Group Inc., a Maryland corporation (together with its 
Subsidiaries, the “Company”), and the Participant who is signatory hereto, 
hereby agree to the terms of this Award Certificate and the Brixmor 
Property Group Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the “Agreement”) to 
which it is attached. All capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate 
and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the 
Company’s 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) or the Agreement.

   2.
Subject to the terms of this Award Certificate, the Agreement and the Plan, 
the Company hereby grants to the Participant as of the Effective Date, the 
Award on the terms set forth below:



 
 
 
Participant:
[ ]
Effective Date:
[ ], 2016
RSU Award Amount:
 
 
 


   3.
The Award and any RSUs which may become vested under the Award are subject 
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Certificate, the Plan 
and the Agreement. All terms and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, 
as the same may be amended from time to time, are incorporated and made 
part of this Award Certificate. If any provision of this Award Certificate 
is in conflict with the terms of the Plan or the Agreement, then the terms 
of the Plan or the Agreement, as applicable, shall govern. The Participant 
hereby expressly acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered as 
of the date first above written.


 
 
 
BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.



By: _______________________________
 Name:
 Title: Authorized Signatory
PARTICIPANT



___________________________________
Name: [ ]






------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT B

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.
FORM OF 2016 RSU AWARD





BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.


RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT


THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as of the 
Effective Date set forth in the Award Certificate (the “Award Certificate
”) is made by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. (together with its 
Subsidiaries, the “Company”) and the Participant. The Award Certificate is 
included with and made part of this Agreement. In this Agreement and each 
Award Certificate, unless the context otherwise requires, words and 
expressions shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, except as 
herein defined.


      1.Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
      shall have the following meanings:

      (a)“Achievement Percentage” means the “Percentage of Award Earned”
      specified with respect to the threshold, target, and maximum levels
      for each Performance Component on the Award Certificate, or a
      percentage determined using linear interpolation if actual
      performance falls between threshold and target, or between target and
      maximum levels. In the event that actual performance does not meet
      the threshold level for any Performance Component, the “Achievement
      Percentage” with respect to such Performance Component shall be zero.

      (b)“Award” means the award as set forth on the Award Certificate.

      (c)“Award Certificate” means the certificate attached to this
      Agreement specifying the Effective Date and the Award, and the
      applicable Performance Periods and Performance Components for the
      Award.

      (d)“Board” means the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group
      Inc.

      (e)“Brixmor TSR” means the compound annual growth rate, expressed as
      a percentage and rounded to the nearest one decimal point, in the
      value of a share of Common Stock due to stock appreciation and
      dividends, assuming dividends are reinvested in Common Stock as and
      when paid, during the applicable Performance Period. For this
      purpose, the “Beginning Stock Price” means $25.82 per share of Common
      Stock and the “Ending Stock Price” means the average of the closing
      sales price of the Company’s Common Stock on the NYSE for the ten
      (10) trading days immediately preceding and including the last day of
      a Performance Period (or such other period as the Committee may
      determine); provided, however, for purposes of the Relative US
      Shopping Center Index TSR Performance Component, the Ending Stock
      Price shall be the closing sales price of the Company’s Common Stock
      on the last day of the applicable Performance Period.

      (f)“Adjusted EBITDA” means adjusted EBITDA as reported in the
      Company’s supplemental disclosure for any fiscal quarter. 

      (g)“Adjusted EBITDA Per Share” means the per share amount obtained by
      dividing adjusted EBITDA by Fully Diluted Shares.

      (h)“Effective Date” means the Effective Date set forth in the Award
      Certificate.

      (i)“Fully Diluted Shares” means the fully diluted share count of the
      Company, as reported in the Company’s supplemental disclosure for any
      fiscal quarter.

      (j) “Participant” means the Eligible Person whose name is set forth
      in the Award Certificate.

      (k)“Performance Components” means the performance criteria applicable
      to the Award, as set forth on the Award Certificate.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (l)“Performance Period” means the applicable performance period
      specified in the Award Certificate.

      (m)“Plan” means the Brixmor Property Group Inc. 2013 Omnibus
      Incentive Plan.

      (n)“Qualifying Termination” means a termination of Participant’s
      employment (w) by the Company without Cause or while Participant has
      a Disability (as defined in the Plan), (x) if the Participant’s
      written employment agreement with the Company (or any affiliate)
      includes a definition of “good reason” or “constructive termination,”
      by the Participant for “good reason” or “constructive termination”
      (as defined in such written employment agreement) (y) which is a
      Retirement, or (z) resulting from the Participant’s death. In
      addition, solely for the purpose of this Restricted Stock Unit
      Agreement, any termination of Participant’s employment (other than
      for Cause) prior to May 20, 2021 shall also constitute a Qualifying
      Termination.

      (o)“Relative US Shopping Center Index TSR” means the comparison of
      the Brixmor TSR to the Shopping Center Index TSR.

      (p)“Relative Weighting” means, in respect of any Performance
      Component, the “Relative Weighting” set forth for such Performance
      Component on the Award Certificate.

      (q)“Retirement” means the Participant’s Termination of Employment
      with the Company, other than for Cause, following the date on which
      (i) the sum of the following equals or exceeds 65 years: (A) the
      number of years of the Participant’s employment and other business
      relationships with the Company and any predecessor company, and (B)
      the Participant’s age on the date of termination, (ii) the
      Participant attained the age of 55 years old, and (iii) the number of
      years of the Participant’s employment and other business
      relationships with the Company and any predecessor company is at
      least five (5).

      (r)“RSU” or “Restricted Stock Unit” means a restricted stock unit
      granted hereunder pursuant to the Plan.

      (s)“Shopping Center Index TSR” means the compound annual growth rate,
      rounded to the nearest decimal point, in the value of the FTSE NAREIT
      US Shopping Centers Index during the applicable Performance Period.
      The Shopping Center Index TSR is obtained from information publicly
      reported by the National Association of Real Estate Investment
      Trusts.

      (t)“Target Award Amount” means, in respect of the Award, the “Target
      Award Amount” set forth for the Award on the Award Certificate.

      (u)“Termination Date” means the effective date of a Termination of
      Employment for any reason.

      (v)“Termination of Employment” means a “separation from service” of
      the Participant from the Company, as defined under Section 409A.

2.Range of RSUs under Awards; Calculation of RSUs; Settlement of RSUs.

      (a)Grant of Award Ranges. The Company grants to the Participant the
      opportunity to earn a number of RSUs under the Award equal to the
      ranges set forth in the Award Certificate for the Award (with a
      threshold, target, and maximum number of RSUs for the Award). The
      actual number of RSUs earned under the Award shall be determined
      pursuant to Section 2(b) and, further, the RSUs shall be subject to
      the satisfaction of the service vesting conditions set forth in the
      Award Certificate and herein.

      (b)Calculation of Number of Earned RSUs. Following the last day of
      the Performance Period applicable to the Award (the “Determination
      Date”), subject to the Participant’s continued employment through the
      last day of the Performance Period:

      (i)The total number of RSUs earned and issuable under the Award shall
      be calculated by the Committee with respect to each Performance
      Component under the Award. For each Performance Component, the total
      number of RSUs earned and issuable shall be equal to the product of
      (x) the Target Award Amount for such Performance Component, 
      multiplied by (y) the Relative Weighting for such Performance
      Component, multiplied by (z) the Achievement Percentage for such
      Performance Component. In the event that the Company’s actual


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      performance does not meet the threshold level for a Performance
      Component, no RSUs shall be earned in respect of that Performance
      Component.

      (ii)The foregoing calculation shall be made no later than 90 days
      following the Determination Date (or as soon thereafter as reasonably
      practicable), at which time the Company shall notify the Participant
      of the total number of RSUs earned and issuable under the Award
      (rounded down to the nearest whole RSU).

      (c)Vesting. Subject to Section 3, the RSUs earned under the Award
      shall become vested as follows, subject to the Participant’s
      continued employment with the Company through the applicable date(s)
      (each, a “Vesting Date”):

      (i)the RSUs earned in respect of the one year measurement component
      of the Award, if any, shall become vested with respect to 50% of such
      RSUs on the applicable Determination Date, and with respect to an
      additional 25% of such RSUs on each of January 1, 2018 and January 1,
      2019; and

      (ii)the RSUs earned in respect of the three year measurement
      component of the Award, if any, shall become vested with respect to
      50% of such RSUs on the applicable Determination Date, and with
      respect to an additional 25% of such RSUs on each of January 1, 2020
      and January 1, 2021.

      (d)Issuance of Common Stock.

      (i)Settlement of RSUs. Shares underlying an earned RSU which become
      vested in accordance with Section 2(c) or Section 3 shall be
      transferred to the Participant as soon as administratively
      practicable following the applicable Vesting Date, but in no event
      earlier than January 1 of the year in which the Vesting Date occurs
      or later than March 15 of the year following the year in which such
      Vesting Date occurs. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued to the
      Participant in respect of an earned RSU prior to the applicable
      Vesting Date. After an earned RSU vests, the Company shall promptly
      cause to be registered in Participant’s name or in the name of the
      executor or personal representative of the Participant’s estate, as
      the case may be, one share of Common Stock in payment for each such
      earned RSU. For purposes of this Agreement, the date on which vested
      RSUs are converted into Common Stock shall be referred to as the “
      Settlement Date.”

      (ii)Fractional RSUs. In the event the Participant is vested in a
      fractional portion of an earned RSU, such portion shall be rounded
      down to the nearest whole number.

3.Effects of Certain Events.

      (a)General. Subject to Section 3(b), in the event that the
      Participant’s employment with the Company is terminated, any unvested
      RSUs shall be forfeited automatically and without further action.

      (b)Qualifying Termination.  Notwithstanding the foregoing:

      (i)In the event of the Participant’s Qualifying Termination prior to
      the completion of any Performance Period applicable to the Award (and
      any associated Dividend Equivalent Amount), a portion of the RSUs
      which may be earned under the Award will become earned, with the
      actual number of earned RSUs determined as follows:

            (A)with respect to the one year measurement component of the
            Award, based on actual performance through the most recently
            completed fiscal quarter measured against the Performance
            Components as pro-rated based on the number of fiscal quarters
            completed prior to the Termination Date relative to the total
            number of fiscal quarters in the Performance Period; and

            (B)with respect to the three year measurement component, based
            on actual performance through the Termination Date measured
            against the Performance Components based on actual performance
            through the Termination Date (or if not readily available,
            measured as of the end of the month immediately preceding the
            Termination Date) ;

            provided, that any performance criteria based on the
            achievement of company-wide strategic objectives or
            satisfaction of individual performance criteria shall be deemed
            achieved or satisfied at target level (as applicable); and




------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (ii)The number of earned RSUs calculated in accordance with Section
      3(b)(i) which become vested (and any associated Dividend Equivalent
      Amount) will be pro-rated based on the number of days in the
      applicable Performance Period completed prior to the Termination
      Date, and such pro-rated number of earned RSUs under the Award shall
      be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 2(d), with
      the “Vesting Date” meaning the Termination Date.

      (iii)In the event of the Participant’s Qualifying Termination after
      the completion of the Performance Period applicable to an Award, but
      prior to the last Vesting Date applicable to the earned RSUs granted
      under such Award, all such earned RSUs shall become vested as of the
      Termination Date. In such case, the number of earned RSUs (and any
      associated Dividend Equivalent Amount) under the Award shall be
      deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 2(d), with the
      “Vesting Date” meaning the Termination Date.

      (iv)The levels of achievement with respect to any Performance
      Components shall be adjusted from time to time by the Committee as it
      deems equitable and necessary in light of acquisitions, dispositions
      and other transactions or extraordinary or one- time events that
      impact the Company’s operations.

      (c)Termination for Cause. In the event of the Participant’s
      termination of employment for Cause, then the Award, the RSUs
      (whether or not earned or vested) (and any associated Dividend
      Equivalent Amount) and any shares underlying RSUs that have not yet
      been transferred to the Participant shall be automatically forfeited
      as of the Termination Date.

      (d)Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing:

      (i)In the event of a Change in Control during the Participant’s
      employment and prior to the completion of the Performance Period
      applicable to an Award, a portion of the RSUs which may be earned
      under the Award will become earned, with the actual number of earned
      RSUs determined

            (A)with respect to the one year measurement component of the
            Award, based on actual performance through the most recently
            completed fiscal quarter measured against the Performance
            Components as pro-rated based on the number of fiscal quarters
            completed prior to the date of such Change in Control relative
            to the total number of fiscal quarters in the Performance
            Period, and

            (B)with respect to the three year measurement component of the
            Award, based on actual performance through the date of such
            Change in Control, measured against the Performance Criteria
            based on actual performance through the date of such Change in
            Control (or if not readily available, measured as of the end of
            the month immediately preceding the date of such Change in
            Control);

            provided, that any performance criteria based on the
            achievement of company-wide strategic objectives or
            satisfaction of individual performance criteria shall be deemed
            achieved or satisfied at target level (as applicable)


      (ii)In the event of a Change in Control during the Participant’s
      employment and prior to a Vesting Date, all earned RSUs shall become
      vested as of the date of such Change in Control and settled pursuant
      to Section 2(d), with the “Vesting Date” meaning the date of the
      Change in Control.

4.Dividend Equivalent Rights

      (a)Each earned RSU shall have a Dividend Equivalent Right associated
      with it with respect to any cash dividends on Common Stock that have
      a record date after the Effective Date and prior to the applicable
      Settlement Date for such RSU (the total accrued dividends for each
      earned RSU, a “Dividend Equivalent Amount”). For the avoidance of
      doubt, no Dividend Equivalent Amount shall accrue in respect of an
      RSU which is not earned based on the achievement of Performance
      Components applicable to an Award.

      (b)The Dividend Equivalent Amount shall be calculated by crediting a
      hypothetical bookkeeping account for the Participant with an amount
      equal to the amount of cash dividends that would have been paid on
      the dividend payment date with respect to the number of shares of
      Common Stock underlying the unsettled earned RSUs (or RSUs which
      become earned in accordance with this Agreement) if such shares had
      been outstanding on the dividend record date. The Participant’s
      Dividend Equivalent Amount shall not be credited with interest or
      earnings.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (c)Any Dividend Equivalent Amount: (i) shall be subject to the same
      terms and conditions applicable to the earned RSU to which the
      Dividend Equivalent Right relates, including, without limitation, the
      restrictions on transfer and the forfeiture conditions contained in
      the Agreement; (ii) shall vest and be settled upon the same terms and
      at the same time of settlement as the earned RSUs to which they
      relate; and (iii) will be denominated and payable solely in cash. The
      payment of Dividend Equivalent Rights will be net of all applicable
      withholding taxes pursuant to Section 5(g).

      1.Miscellaneous.

      (a)Administration. The Committee shall administer the Award. At the
      end of the Performance Period applicable to any Award, the Committee
      shall calculate and approve the number of earned RSUs awarded to the
      Participant under such Award.

      (b)Agreement Subject to Plan; Amendment. By entering into this
      Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the
      Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan. The Awards and
      RSUs granted hereunder are subject to the Plan. The terms and
      provisions of the Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, are
      hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict
      between any term or provision contained herein and a term or
      provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the
      Plan will govern and prevail. The terms of the Agreement and the
      Award Certificate may be amended from time to time by the Committee
      in its sole discretion in any manner that it deems appropriate;
      provided, that any such amendment that would materially and adversely
      affect any right of the Participant shall not to that extent be
      effective without the consent of the Participant.

      (c)Participant is Unsecured General Creditor. The Participant and the
      Participant’s heirs, successors, and assigns shall have no legal or
      equitable rights, interest, or claims in any specific property or
      assets of the Company. Assets of the Company shall not be held under
      any trust for the benefit of the Participant or the Participant’s
      heirs, successors, or assigns, or held in any way as collateral
      security for the fulfilling of the obligations of the Company under
      the Agreement or the Plan. Any and all of the Company’s assets shall
      be, and remain, the general unrestricted assets of the Company. The
      Company’s sole obligation under this Agreement and in respect of the
      Award shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of
      the Company to pay the Participant in the future, subject to the
      conditions and provisions of the Agreement and the Plan.

      (d)No Transferability; No Assignment. Neither the Participant nor any
      other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer,
      pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer,
      hypothecate, alienate or convey in advance of actual receipt, the
      Award or the RSUs. No part of the RSUs or the shares of Common Stock
      delivered in respect of any vested RSUs, and/or amounts payable under
      this Agreement shall, prior to actual settlement or payment, be
      subject to seizure, attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the
      payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed
      by the Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation
      of law in the event of the Participant’s or any other person’s
      bankruptcy or insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result
      of a property settlement or otherwise.

      (e)No Right to Continued Employment. Neither the Plan nor this
      Agreement nor the Participant’s receipt of the Award hereunder (or
      RSUs issued in settlement of the Award) shall impose any obligation
      on the Company or any Affiliate to continue the employment of the
      Participant. Further, the Company or any Affiliate (as applicable)
      may at any time terminate the employment of such Participant, free
      from any liability or claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except
      as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any written employment
      agreement between the Participant and the Company (or any affiliate).

      (f)Limitation on Shareholder Rights. The Participant shall have no
      rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (subject
      to Dividend Equivalent Rights as set forth in Section 4) and no
      voting rights with respect to the RSUs and any shares of Common Stock
      underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such shares of
      Common Stock are actually issued to and held of record by the
      Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other
      rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of
      issuance of the shares of Common Stock, except for the Dividend
      Equivalent Rights as set forth in Section 4.

      (g)Tax Withholding.

      (i)Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or
      all federal, state or local income tax, employment tax or other tax
      related items (“Tax Related Items”), the Participant acknowledges
      that the ultimate liability for all Tax Related Items associated with
      the RSUs (and the Dividend Equivalent Rights associated therewith)


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      is and remains the Participant’s responsibility and that the Company:
      (A) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment
      of any Tax Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs,
      including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the
      delivery of the shares of Common Stock, the subsequent sale of shares
      of Common Stock acquired at vesting and the receipt of any Dividend
      Equivalent Rights; and (B) does not commit to structure the terms of
      the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate the
      Participant’s liability for Tax Related Items. Further, if
      Participant has relocated to a different jurisdiction between the
      date of grant and the date of any taxable event, Participant
      acknowledges that the Company may be required to withhold or account
      for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.

      (ii) Prior to the relevant taxable event, the Participant shall pay
      or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company, in its
      sole discretion, to satisfy all withholding and payment on account
      obligations for Tax Related Items of the Company. In this regard, the
      Participant authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to
      satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax Related Items legally
      payable by the Participant with respect to the RSUs by withholding in
      shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant,
      provided that the Company withholds only the amount of shares of
      Common Stock necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding
      amount using the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on
      the Settlement Date. Participant shall pay to the Company any amount
      of Tax Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold as
      a result of the RSUs that are not satisfied by the previously
      described method. The Company may refuse to deliver the shares of
      Common Stock to the Participant if the Participant fails to comply
      with Participant’s obligations in connection with the Tax Related
      Items as described in this Section.

      (h)Compensation Recovery Policy. The compensation under this
      Agreement shall be subject to being recovered under the Company’s
      compensation recovery policy, if any, or any similar policy that the
      Company may adopt from time to time. For avoidance of doubt,
      compensation recovery rights to shares of Common Stock issued under
      this Agreement shall extend to any proceeds realized by the
      Participant upon the sale or other transfer of such shares of Common
      Stock. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if in the
      opinion of the independent directors of the Board, (i) the Company’s
      financial results are restated or were materially misstated due in
      whole or in part to intentional fraud or misconduct by the
      Participant, and (ii) the payment or equity or equity-based award
      made or issued pursuant to this Agreement based on the corrected
      financial results would be less than the amount previously paid or
      issued, then by approval by a majority of the independent directors
      of the Board, the Board may, based upon the facts and circumstances
      surrounding the restatement, direct that the Company recover all or a
      portion of any payment or equity or equity-based award made or issued
      pursuant to this Agreement, and the Participant shall be required, in
      addition to any other remedy available (on a non-exclusive basis), to
      pay to the Company, within 10 business days’ of the Company’s request
      to Participant therefore, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of
      (i) the aggregate after-tax proceeds (taking into account all amounts
      of tax that would be recoverable upon a claim of loss for payment of
      such proceeds in the year of repayment) Participant received upon the
      sale or other disposition of, or distributions in respect of the RSUs
      and any shares of Common Stock issued in respect of such RSUs over
      (ii) the aggregate Cost of such shares (if any). For purposes of this
      Agreement, “Cost” means, in respect of any share of Common Stock, the
      amount paid by Participant for such share, as proportionately
      adjusted for all subsequent distributions.

      (i)Section 409A Compliance. The Award and the shares of Common Stock
      and amounts payable under this Agreement are intended to comply with
      the requirements of Section 409A so as to prevent the inclusion in
      gross income of any benefits accrued hereunder in a taxable year
      prior to the taxable year or years in which such amount would
      otherwise be actually distributed or made available to the
      Participants. The Agreement shall be administered and interpreted to
      the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent.
      Notwithstanding the terms of Section 2 or Section 3, if a Participant
      is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A, no
      payments in respect of any Award or RSU that is “deferred
      compensation” subject to Section 409A and which would otherwise be
      payable upon the Participant’s “separation from service” (as defined
      in Section 409A) shall be made to such Participant prior to the date
      that is six months after the date of the Participant’s “separation
      from service” or, if earlier, the Participant’s date of death.
      Following any applicable six month delay, all such delayed payments
      will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted
      under Section 409A that is also a business day. The Participant is
      solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and
      penalties under Section 409A that may be imposed on or in respect of
      the Participant in connection with this Agreement, and the Company
      shall not be liable to any Participant for any payment made under
      this Plan that is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty
      or interest under Section 409A, nor for reporting in good faith any
      payment made under this Agreement as an amount includible in gross
      income under Section 409A.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (j)Section 280G of the Code. In the event that the accelerated
      vesting of the RSUs or the amounts payable under this Agreement,
      together with all other payments and the value of any benefit
      received or to be received by the Participant, would result in all or
      a portion of such payment being subject to excise tax under Section
      4999 of the Code (the “Excise Tax”), then the Participant’s payment
      shall be either (a) the full payment or (b) such lesser amount that
      would result in no portion of the payment being subject to the Excise
      Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the
      applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes,
      and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by the Participant, on an
      after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the payment
      notwithstanding that all or some portion of the payment may be
      taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any such reduction shall be
      made by the Company in compliance with all applicable legal
      authority, including Section 409A. All determinations required to be
      made under this Section shall be made by the nationally recognized
      accounting firm which is the Company’s outside auditor immediately
      prior to the event triggering the payments that are subject to the
      Excise Tax, which firm must be reasonably acceptable to the
      Participant (the “Accounting Firm”). The Company shall cause the
      Accounting Firm to provide detailed supporting calculations of its
      determinations to the Company and the Participant. All fees and
      expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company.
      The Accounting Firm’s determinations must be made with substantial
      authority (within the meaning of Section 6662 of the Code).

      (k)Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
      in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland
      applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of
      Maryland, without giving effect to the conflict of law provisions
      thereof. Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this
      Agreement (or any provision incorporated by reference), or any
      judgment entered by any court in respect of any thereof, shall be
      brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New
      York, and each of the Participant and the Company hereby submits to
      the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such
      suit, action, proceeding, or judgment. Each of the Participant and
      the Company hereby irrevocably waives (i) any objections which it may
      now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action,
      or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in
      any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York, (ii)
      any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any
      such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum and (iii) any
      right to a jury trial.

      (l)Signature in Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in
      counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same
      effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
      instrument.

* * * * *
















------------------------------------------------------------------------


BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.


RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT


AWARD CERTIFICATE


1. Brixmor Property Group Inc., a Maryland corporation (together with its 
Subsidiaries, the “Company”), and the Participant who is signatory hereto, 
hereby agree to the terms of this Award Certificate and the Brixmor 
Property Group Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the “Agreement”) to 
which it is attached. All capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate 
and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the 
Company’s 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) or the Agreement.


2. Subject to the terms of this Award Certificate, the Agreement, and the 
Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Participant as of the Effective 
Date, the Award on the terms set forth below:


Participant:
[ ]
Effective Date:
[ ]
Total Target RSU Award Amount:
[ ]


One Year Measurement Component
Award Range for Company Performance Components
      · Threshold Award Amount: [ ] RSU’s
      · Target Award Amount: [ ] RSU’s
      · Maximum Award Amount: [ ] RSU’s

In addition to the above number of RSU’s, [ ] RSU’s if Individual 
Performance Goals are achieved.

Performance Period: January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016

 Performance Components
      · Adjusted EBITDA Per Share Target (Relative Weighting: 75%)

Level of Achievement
Performance Level Achieved
Percentage of Award Earned
Threshold
$[ ]
50%
Target
$[ ]
100%
Maximum
$[ ]
150%

       

      · Achievement of Individual Performance Goals (Relative Weighting:
      25%)

















------------------------------------------------------------------------


Three Year Measurement Component
Award Range for Company Performance Components
      · Threshold Award Amount: [ ] RSU’s
      · Target Award Amount: [ ] RSU’s
      · Maximum Award Amount: [ ] RSU’s

In addition to the above number of RSU’s, [ ]RSU’s if Company Wide 
Strategic Objectives is achieved.



Performance Period: January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018


Performance Components:
      · Relative US Shopping Center Index TSR: (Relative Weighting: 60%)

Level of Achievement
Performance Level Achieved
Percentage of Award Earned
Threshold
[ ] bps or less below index return
50%
Target
[ ] bps above index return
100%
Maximum
[ ] bps or more over index return
150%


      · Brixmor TSR (Relative Weighting: 20%)

Level of Achievement
Performance Level Achieved
Percentage of Award Earned
Threshold
[ ]% - Compounded Annual Growth Rate
50%
Target
[ ]% - Compounded Annual Growth Rate
100%
Maximum
[ ]% - Compounded Annual Growth Rate
150%


      · Company-Wide Strategic Objectives (Relative Weighting: 20%)

      o [ ]

























------------------------------------------------------------------------


3. The Award and any RSUs which may be earned under the Award are subject 
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Certificate, the Plan 
and the Agreement. All terms and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, 
as the same may be amended from time to time, are incorporated and made 
part of this Award Certificate. If any provision of this Award Certificate 
is in conflict with the terms of the Plan or the Agreement, then the terms 
of the Plan or the Agreement, as applicable, shall govern. The Participant 
hereby expressly acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the 
Agreement.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered as 
of the date first above written.



BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC.



By: ___________________________________
Name:
Title: Authorized Signatory
PARTICIPANT




__________________________________
Name: [Name]









