 EX-10.1 2 fcrtex991letteragreement.htm EXHIBIT 10.1


Exhibit 10.1




December 27, 2016



Mr. James A. Ratner
Forest City Employer, LLC
Terminal Tower
50 Public Square, Suite 1100
Cleveland, OH 44113-2267


Re: Vesting of Equity Awards


Jim,


This letter memorializes our agreement regarding the treatment of your 
currently outstanding equity awards-as approved by the Compensation 
Committee on December 27, 2016-in connection with your retirement as 
Executive Vice President of Development and your appointment as 
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Forest City Realty 
Trust, Inc. (“Non-Executive Chairman”).


Stock Options


You acknowledge that, as of the date of this letter, you hold unvested 
stock options to purchase 36,751 shares of class A common stock. The 
parties hereby agree that, subject to your continued service as 
Non-Executive Chairman, you shall continue to vest in these stock options 
according to the applicable vesting schedule under which they were 
originally granted and as set forth below:


   •
Options to purchase 7,186 shares will vest on March 28, 2017

   •
Options to purchase 15,192 shares will vest on April 8, 2017

   •
Options to purchase 14,373 shares will vest on March 28, 2018

In addition, each vested stock option held by you (whether vested prior to 
the date of this letter or becoming vested based on the schedule above) 
shall remain exercisable (following your retirement as Executive Vice 
President of Development and the applicable vesting date) for the full 
remaining original term of the stock option.


Restricted Shares


You acknowledge that, as of the date of this letter, you hold 22,093 
unvested restricted shares. The parties hereby agree that, subject to your 
continued service as Non-Executive Chairman, you shall continue to vest in 
these restricted shares according to the applicable vesting schedule under 
which they were originally granted and as set forth below:





------------------------------------------------------------------------


   •
2,984 restricted shares will vest on March 23, 2017

   •
3,385 restricted shares will vest on March 26, 2017

   •
2,985 restricted shares will vest on March 23, 2018

   •
6,770 restricted shares will vest on March 26, 2018

   •
5,969 restricted shares will vest on March 23, 2019

Except as otherwise set forth herein, the terms of your currently 
outstanding stock option and restricted stock agreements remain unchanged 
and in full force and effect.


Please confirm your agreement with these terms by signing below and return 
a copy for our files.


Sincerely,


FOREST CITY REALTY TRUST, INC.


By:


/s/ DAVID J. LARUE


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
David J. LaRue, President and CEO


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agreed and accepted:


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ JAMES A. RATNER


 
 
12/27/2016


 
 
 
 
 
 
James A. Ratner


 
 
Date


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







