 EX-10.12 5 d253212dex1012.htm EX-10.12
Exhibit 10.12

FORM OF HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
2017 STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS

1. Purpose. The purpose of the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Stock Plan 
for Non-Employee Directors is to provide a means through which the Company 
and the other members of the Company Group may attract and retain members 
of the board of directors of the Company and to provide a means whereby 
members of the board of directors of the Company can acquire and maintain 
an equity interest in the Company, thereby strengthening their commitment 
to the welfare of the Company Group and aligning their interests with those 
of the Companys stockholders.

2. Definitions. The following definitions shall be applicable throughout 
the Plan.

(a) Absolute Share Limit has the meaning given to such term in Section 
5(b) of the Plan.

(b) Adjustment Event has the meaning given to such term in Section 11(a) 
of the Plan.

(c) Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with the Company. The term 
control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by 
and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.

(d) Award means, individually or collectively, any Option, Stock 
Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, and Other 
Equity-Based Award.

(e) Award Agreement means the document or documents by which each Award 
is evidenced, which may be in written or electronic form.

(f) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g) Cause means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable 
Award Agreement states otherwise, a good faith determination of the 
Committee or its designee that (i) there is cause to terminate a 
Participants service as a non-employee director of the Board, as defined 
in and in accordance with any consulting or other agreement between the 
Participant and any member of the Company Group or an Affiliate in effect 
at the time of such termination or (ii) in the absence of any such 
agreement (or the absence of any definition of Cause contained therein), 
any of the following has occurred with respect to a Participant: (A) such 
Participant has failed to reasonably perform his or her duties to any 
member of the Company Group, or has failed to follow the lawful 
instructions of the Board, in each case other than as a result of his or 
her incapacity due to physical or mental illness or injury, in a manner 
that could reasonably be expected to result in harm (whether financially, 
reputationally or otherwise) to any member of the Company Group or an 
Affiliate, following notice by the Company Group or

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such Affiliate of such failure, (B) such Participant has engaged or is 
about to engage in conduct harmful (whether financially, reputationally or 
otherwise) to any member of the Company Group or an Affiliate, (C) such 
Participant has been convicted of, or pled guilty or no contest to, a 
felony or any crime involving as a material element fraud or dishonesty, 
(D) the willful misconduct or gross neglect of such Participant that could 
reasonably be expected to result in harm (whether financially, 
reputationally or otherwise) to any member of the Company Group or an 
Affiliate, (E) the willful violation by such Participant of the written 
policies of any member of the Company Group or any applicable written 
policies of any member of the Company Group that could reasonably be 
expected to result in harm (whether financially, reputationally or 
otherwise) to any member of the Company Group or an Affiliate; (F) such 
Participants fraud or misappropriation, embezzlement or misuse of funds or 
property belonging to the Company Group or an Affiliate (other than good 
faith expense account disputes); (G) such Participants act of personal 
dishonesty which involves personal profit in connection with such 
Participants service as a non-employee director of the Board, or (H) the 
willful breach by such Participant of fiduciary duty owed to any member of 
the Company Group.

(h) Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Companys 
2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, modified, or supplemented from 
time to time).

(i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any 
successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of the Code shall 
be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance under 
such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, 
regulations or guidance.

(j) Committee means the Board or any properly delegated subcommittee 
thereof.

(k) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 
per share (and any stock or other securities into which such Common Stock 
may be converted or into which it may be exchanged).

(l) Company means Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware corporation, 
and any successor thereto.

(m) Company Group means, collectively, the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(n) Date of Grant means the date on which the granting of an Award is 
authorized, or such other date as may be specified in such authorization.

(o) Disability means, unless in the case of a particular Award the 
applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, the Company or an Affiliate 
having cause to terminate a Participants service on account of 
disability, as defined in any then-existing consulting or other similar 
agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or, in 
the absence of such an agreement (or the absence of any definition of 
Disability contained therein), the complete and permanent inability by 
reason of illness or accident to perform the duties of the occupation at 
which a Participant was employed or served when such disability commenced. 
Any determination of whether Disability exists shall be made by the 
Committee (or its designee) in its sole discretion.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(p) Effective Date means                 , 2016.

(q) Eligible Director means a member of the Board, elected or appointed, 
who is not also an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates. An individual who is elected to the Board at an annual meeting 
of the shareholders of the Company shall be deemed to be a member of the 
Board as of the date of such meeting.

(r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of (or rule 
promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, 
regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section or rule, 
and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, 
regulations or guidance.

(s) Exercise Price has the meaning given to such term in Section 7(b) of 
the Plan.

(t) Fair Market Value means, on a given date, (i) if the Common Stock is 
listed on a national securities exchange, the closing sales price of the 
Common Stock reported on the primary exchange on which the Common Stock is 
listed and traded on such date, or, if there are no such sales on that 
date, then on the last preceding date on which such sales were reported; 
(ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any national securities exchange 
but is quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system on a last sale basis, the 
average between the closing bid price and ask price reported on such date, 
or, if there is no such sale on that date, then on the last preceding date 
on which a sale was reported; or (iii) if the Common Stock is not listed on 
a national securities exchange or quoted in an inter-dealer quotation 
system on a last sale basis, the amount determined by the Committee in good 
faith to be the fair market value of the Common Stock.

(u) GAAP has the meaning given to such term in Section 7(d) of the Plan.

(v) Indemnifiable Person has the meaning given to such term in Section 
4(e) of the Plan.

(w) Option means an Award granted under Section 7 of the Plan.

(x) Option Period has the meaning given to such term in Section 7(c)(i) 
of the Plan.

(y) Other Equity-Based Award means an Award that is not an Option, Stock 
Appreciation Right, share of Restricted Stock, or Restricted Stock Unit, 
that is granted under Section 10 of the Plan and is (i) payable by delivery 
of Common Stock, and/or (ii) measured by reference to the value of Common 
Stock.

(z) Participant means an Eligible Director who accepts an Award pursuant 
to the Plan.

(aa) Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of 
Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act).
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(bb) Plan means this Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Stock Plan for 
Non-Employee Directors, as it may be amended and restated from time to 
time.

(cc) Qualifying Director means a person who is, with respect to actions 
intended to obtain an exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act 
pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, a non-employee director 
within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act.

(dd) Restricted Period means the period of time determined by the 
Committee during which an Award is subject to restrictions, including 
vesting conditions.

(ee) Restricted Stock means Common Stock, subject to certain specified 
restrictions (which may include, without limitation, a requirement that the 
Participant provide continuous services as a non-employee director of the 
Board for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of the Plan.

(ff) Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded and unsecured promise to 
deliver shares of Common Stock, cash, other securities or other property, 
subject to certain restrictions (which may include, without limitation, a 
requirement that the Participant provide continuous services as a 
non-employee director of the Board for a specified period of time), granted 
under Section 9 of the Plan.

(gg) SAR Period has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(c) of the 
Plan.

(hh) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any 
successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of (or rule 
promulgated under) the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, 
regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section or rule, 
and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, 
regulations or guidance.

(ii) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under 
Section 8 of the Plan.

(jj) Strike Price has the meaning given to such term in Section 8(b) of 
the Plan.

(kk) Subsidiary means, with respect to any specified Person:

(i) any corporation, association or other business entity of which more 
than 50% of the total voting power of shares of such entitys voting 
securities (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after 
giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that 
effectively transfers voting power) is at the time owned or controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other 
Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof); and

(ii) any partnership, limited liability company or any comparable foreign 
entity (A) the sole general partner (or functional equivalent thereof) or 
the managing general partner (or functional equivalent thereof) of which is 
such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (B) the only general partners 
(or functional equivalents thereof) of which are that Person or one or more 
Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ll) Termination means the cessation of a Participants service as a 
member of the Board for any reason.

3. Effective Date; Duration. The Plan shall be effective as of the 
Effective Date. The expiration date of the Plan, on and after which date no 
Awards may be granted hereunder, shall be the tenth (10th) anniversary of 
the Effective Date; provided, however, that such expiration shall not 
affect Awards then outstanding, and the terms and conditions of the Plan 
shall continue to apply to such Awards.

4. Administration.

(a) The Committee shall administer the Plan. To the extent required to 
comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act 
(if the Board is not acting as the Committee under the Plan), it is 
intended that each member of the Committee shall, at the time such member 
takes any action with respect to an Award under the Plan that is intended 
to qualify for the exemptions provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the 
Exchange Act be a Qualifying Director. However, the fact that a Committee 
member shall fail to qualify as a Qualifying Director shall not invalidate 
any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under 
the Plan.

(b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and applicable law, the Committee 
shall have the sole and plenary authority, in addition to other express 
powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by the Plan to (i) 
designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be 
granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number of shares of Common 
Stock to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other 
matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the 
terms and conditions of any Award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, 
and under what circumstances Awards may be settled in, or exercised for, 
cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or other 
property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by 
which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; 
(vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the 
delivery of cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or 
other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be 
deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of 
the Committee; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, 
correct any defect in and/or supply any omission in the Plan and any 
instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under, the Plan; 
(viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and 
appoint such agents as the Committee shall deem appropriate for the proper 
administration of the Plan; and (ix) make any other determination and take 
any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the 
administration of the Plan.

(c) Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the applicable 
rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation 
system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded, the 
Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and 
powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part 
of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. 
Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any 
time.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, 
determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect 
to the Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement shall be within the sole 
discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, 
conclusive and binding upon all Persons, including, without limitation, any 
member of the Company Group, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of 
any Award, and any stockholder of the Company.

(e) No member of the Board, the Committee or any employee or agent of any 
member of the Company Group (each such Person, an Indemnifiable Person) 
shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any 
determination made with respect to the Plan or any Award hereunder (unless 
constituting fraud or a willful criminal act or omission). Each 
Indemnifiable Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company 
against and from any loss, cost, liability, or expense (including 
attorneys fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable 
Person in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding 
to which such Indemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such 
Indemnifiable Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or 
omitted to be taken or determination made with respect to the Plan or any 
Award hereunder and against and from any and all amounts paid by such 
Indemnifiable Person with the Companys approval, in settlement thereof, or 
paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any 
such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, and the 
Company shall advance to such Indemnifiable Person any such expenses 
promptly upon written request (which request shall include an undertaking 
by the Indemnifiable Person to repay the amount of such advance if it shall 
ultimately be determined, as provided below, that the Indemnifiable Person 
is not entitled to be indemnified); provided, that the Company shall have 
the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit 
or proceeding and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the 
defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel 
of the Companys choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not 
be available to an Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment 
or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) 
binding upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts, omissions 
or determinations of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the 
indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Persons fraud or 
willful criminal act or omission or that such right of indemnification is 
otherwise prohibited by law or by the organizational documents of any 
member of the Company Group. The foregoing right of indemnification shall 
not be exclusive of or otherwise supersede any other rights of 
indemnification to which such Indemnifiable Persons may be entitled under 
the organizational documents of any member of the Company Group, as a 
matter of law, under an individual indemnification agreement or contract or 
otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such 
Indemnifiable Persons or hold such Indemnifiable Persons harmless.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, the 
Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, grant 
Awards and administer the Plan with respect to such Awards. Any such 
actions by the Board shall be subject to the applicable rules of the 
securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common 
Stock is listed or quoted. In any such case, the Board shall have all the 
authority granted to the Committee under the Plan.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Grant of Awards; Shares Subject to the Plan; Limitations.

(a) The Committee may, from time to time, grant Awards to one or more 
Eligible Directors.

(b) Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following 
limitations: (i) subject to Section 11 of the Plan, no more than 325,000 
shares of Common Stock (the Absolute Share Limit) shall be available for 
Awards under the Plan; and (ii) the maximum number of shares of Common 
Stock subject to Awards granted during a single fiscal year to any 
Participant, taken together with any cash fees paid during the fiscal year 
to such Participant in respect of service as a member of the Board, shall 
not exceed $1,000,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such 
Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial 
reporting purposes).

(c) To the extent that an Award expires or is canceled, forfeited or 
terminated without issuance to the Participant of the full number of shares 
of Common Stock to which the Award related, the unissued shares will again 
be available for grant under the Plan. Shares of Common Stock shall be 
deemed to have been issued in settlement of Awards if the Fair Market Value 
equivalent of such shares is paid in cash; provided, however, that no 
shares shall be deemed to have been issued in settlement of a SAR or 
Restricted Stock Unit that only provides for settlement in cash and settles 
only in cash. In no event shall (i) shares tendered or withheld on the 
exercise of Options or other Award for the payment of the exercise or 
purchase price, (ii) shares not issued upon the settlement of a SAR that 
settles in shares of Common Stock (or could settle in shares of Common 
Stock), or (iii) shares purchased on the open market with cash proceeds 
from the exercise of Options, again become available for other Awards under 
the Plan.

(d) Shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in settlement of Awards 
may be authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of the 
Company, shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase or a 
combination of the foregoing.

6. Eligibility. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to Eligible 
Directors.

7. Options.

(a) General. Each Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement, which agreement need not be the same for each Participant. 
Each Option so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this 
Section 7, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as 
may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted 
under the Plan shall be nonqualified stock options.

(b) Exercise Price. The exercise price (Exercise Price) per share of 
Common Stock for each Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market 
Value of such share (determined as of the Date of Grant).
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Vesting and Expiration; Termination.

(i) Options shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such 
date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Committee. 
Options shall expire upon a date determined by the Committee, not to exceed 
ten (10) years from the Date of Grant (the Option Period); provided, that 
if the Option Period would expire at a time when trading in the shares of 
Common Stock is prohibited by the Companys insider trading policy (or 
Company-imposed blackout period), then the Option Period shall be 
automatically extended until the thirtieth (30th) day following the 
expiration of such prohibition.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of a Participants Termination due to 
death or Disability, each outstanding Option granted to such Participant 
shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable as of the date of 
such Termination.

(iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, (A) in the event of a Participants Termination by 
any member of the Company Group for Cause, all outstanding Options granted 
to such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and (B) in the 
event of a Participants Termination due to death or Disability, after 
taking into account any accelerated vesting under the above clause (ii), 
each outstanding vested Option shall remain exercisable for one (1) year 
thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the Option Period).

(d) Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No shares of Common Stock shall 
be issued pursuant to any exercise of an Option until payment in full of 
the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant 
has paid to the Company an amount equal to any Federal, state, local and 
non-U.S. income, employment and any other applicable taxes required to be 
withheld. Options which have become exercisable may be exercised by 
delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company (or 
telephonic instructions to the extent provided by the Committee) in 
accordance with the terms of the Option accompanied by payment of the 
Exercise Price. The Exercise Price shall be payable: (i) in cash, check, 
cash equivalent and/or shares of Common Stock valued at the Fair Market 
Value at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to 
procedures approved by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership 
of a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock in lieu of actual issuance 
of such shares to the Company); provided, that such shares of Common Stock 
are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and have been held 
by the Participant for any period of time as established from time to time 
by the Committee in order to avoid adverse accounting treatment applying 
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP); or (ii) by such other 
method as the Committee may permit, in its sole discretion, including, 
without limitation (A) in other property having a fair market value on the 
date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price; (B) if there is a public 
market for the shares of Common Stock at such time, by means of a 
broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is 
delivered (including telephonically to the extent permitted by the 
Committee) a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the 
shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the Option 
and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Exercise 
Price; or (C) a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the 
minimum number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable in respect of 
an Option that are needed to pay the Exercise Price. Any fractional shares 
of Common Stock shall be settled in cash.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Compliance With Laws, etc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event 
shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner which 
the Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as 
it may be amended from time to time, or any other applicable law or the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or 
inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are 
listed or traded.

8. Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(a) General. Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award 
Agreement. Each SAR so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth 
in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the 
Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Any Option 
granted under the Plan may include tandem SARs. The Committee also may 
award SARs to Eligible Directors independent of any Option.

(b) Strike Price. The strike price (Strike Price) per share of Common 
Stock for each SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of 
such share (determined as of the Date of Grant). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a SAR granted in tandem with (or in substitution for) an Option 
previously granted shall have a Strike Price equal to the Exercise Price of 
the corresponding Option.

(c) Vesting and Expiration; Termination.

(i) A SAR granted in connection with an Option shall become exercisable and 
shall expire according to the same vesting schedule and expiration 
provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR granted independent of an 
Option shall vest and become exercisable in such a manner and on such date 
or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Committee. SARs 
shall expire upon a date determined by the Committee, not to exceed ten 
(10) years from the Date of Grant (the SAR Period); provided, that if the 
SAR Period would expire at a time when trading in the shares of Common 
Stock is prohibited by the Companys insider trading policy (or 
Company-imposed blackout period), then the SAR Period shall be 
automatically extended until the 30th day following the expiration of such 
prohibition.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, in the event of a Participants Termination due to 
death or Disability, outstanding SARs granted to such Participant shall 
become fully vested and immediately exercisable as of the date of such 
Termination.

(iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, whether in an Award 
Agreement or otherwise, (A) in the event of a Participants Termination by 
any member of the Company Group for Cause, all outstanding SARs granted to 
such Participant shall immediately terminate and expire, and (B) in the 
event of a Participants Termination due to death or Disability, each 
outstanding vested SAR granted to such Participant shall remain exercisable 
for one (1) year thereafter (but in no event beyond the expiration of the 
SAR Period).
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Method of Exercise. SARs which have become exercisable may be exercised 
by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in 
accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be 
exercised and the date on which such SARs were awarded.

(e) Payment. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the 
Participant an amount equal to the number of shares subject to the SAR that 
is being exercised multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value of one 
(1) share of Common Stock on the exercise date over the Strike Price, less 
an amount equal to any Federal, state, local and non-U.S. income, 
employment and any other applicable taxes required to be withheld. The 
Company shall pay such amount in cash, in shares of Common Stock valued at 
Fair Market Value, or any combination thereof, as determined by the 
Committee. Any fractional shares of Common Stock shall be settled in cash.

9. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. 

(a) General. Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Restricted Stock and 
Restricted Stock Unit so granted shall be subject to the conditions set 
forth in this Section 9, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with 
the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement.

(b) Stock Certificates and Book-Entry; Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Upon 
the grant of Restricted Stock, the Committee shall cause a stock 
certificate registered in the name of the Participant to be issued or shall 
cause share(s) of Common Stock to be registered in the name of the 
Participant and held in book-entry form subject to the Companys directions 
and, if the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock shall be held by 
the Company or in escrow rather than issued to the Participant pending the 
release of the applicable restrictions, the Committee may require the 
Participant to additionally execute and deliver to the Company (i) an 
escrow agreement satisfactory to the Committee, if applicable; and (ii) the 
appropriate stock power (endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted 
Stock covered by such agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute and 
deliver (in a manner permitted under Section 13(a) of the Plan or as 
otherwise determined by the Committee) an agreement evidencing an Award of 
Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement and blank stock 
power within the amount of time specified by the Committee, the Award shall 
be null and void. Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9 
and the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant generally shall have the 
rights and privileges of a stockholder as to shares of Restricted Stock, 
including, without limitation, the right to vote such Restricted Stock. To 
the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, any stock certificates 
issued to the Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the 
Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a 
stockholder with respect thereto shall terminate without further obligation 
on the part of the Company. A Participant shall have no rights or 
privileges as a stockholder as to Restricted Stock Units.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Vesting; Termination. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall 
vest, and any applicable Restricted Period shall lapse, in such manner and 
on such date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the 
Committee.

(d) Issuance of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units.

(i) Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares 
of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such 
shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow 
arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall issue to the 
Participant, or the Participants beneficiary, without charge, the stock 
certificate (or, if applicable, a notice evidencing a book-entry notation) 
evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock which have not then been 
forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired 
(rounded down to the nearest full share). Dividends, if any, that may have 
been withheld by the Committee and attributable to any particular share of 
Restricted Stock shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or, in the 
sole discretion of the Committee, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair 
Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount of such 
dividends, upon the release of restrictions on such share and, if such 
share is forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividends.

(ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement or 
otherwise, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any 
outstanding Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall issue to the 
Participant or the Participants beneficiary, without charge, one (1) share 
of Common Stock (or other securities or other property, as applicable) for 
each such outstanding Restricted Stock Unit; provided, however, that the 
Committee may, in its sole discretion, elect to (A) pay cash or part cash 
and part shares of Common Stock in lieu of issuing only shares of Common 
Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units; or (B) defer the issuance 
of shares of Common Stock (or cash or part cash and part shares of Common 
Stock, as the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period 
if such extension would not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 
409A of the Code. If a cash payment is made in lieu of issuing shares of 
Common Stock in respect of such Restricted Stock Units, the amount of such 
payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value per share of the Common 
Stock as of the date on which the Restricted Period lapsed with respect to 
such Restricted Stock Units. To the extent provided in an Award Agreement 
or otherwise, upon the payment by the Company of dividends on shares of 
Common Stock, the holder of outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall be 
entitled to be credited with dividend equivalent payments in cash (unless, 
the Committee, in its sole discretion, elects to credit such payments in 
shares of Common Stock or additional Restricted Stock Units having a Fair 
Market Value equal to the amount of such dividend), and interest may, in 
the sole discretion of the Committee, be credited on the amount of cash 
dividend equivalents at a rate and subject to such terms as determined by 
the Committee, which accumulated dividend equivalents (and earnings or 
interest thereon, if applicable) shall be payable at the same time as the 
underlying Restricted Stock Units are settled following the date on which 
the Restricted Period lapses with respect to such Restricted Stock Units, 
and, if such Restricted Stock Units are forfeited, the Participant shall 
have no right to such dividend equivalent payments (or earnings or interest 
thereon, if applicable).
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Legends on Restricted Stock. Each certificate, if any, or book entry 
representing Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan, if any, shall bear a 
legend or book entry notation substantially in the form of the following, 
in addition to any other information the Company deems appropriate, until 
the lapse of all restrictions with respect to such shares of Common Stock:

TRANSFER OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS 
RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 2017 
STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS AND A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. AND PARTICIPANT. A COPY OF 
SUCH PLAN AND AWARD AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES 
OF HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.

10. Other Equity-Based Awards. The Committee may grant Other Equity-Based 
Awards under the Plan to Eligible Directors, alone or in tandem with other 
Awards, in such amounts and dependent on such conditions as the Committee 
shall from time to time in its sole discretion determine. Each Other 
Equity-Based Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award 
Agreement. Each Other Equity-Based Award so granted shall be subject to 
such conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the 
applicable Award Agreement or other form evidencing such Award, including, 
without limitation, those set forth in Section 13(a) of the Plan.

11. Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. Notwithstanding any 
other provision in this Plan to the contrary, the following provisions 
shall apply to all Awards granted hereunder:

(a) General. In the event of (i) any dividend (other than regular cash 
dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares of 
Common Stock, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock 
split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, 
split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of 
shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of 
warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or other 
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event 
that affects the shares of Common Stock (including a Change in Control); or 
(ii) unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company, including 
changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements, 
that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, could result in 
substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights intended to be granted 
to, or available for, Participants (any event in (i) or (ii), an 
Adjustment Event), the Committee shall, in respect of any such Adjustment 
Event, make such proportionate substitution or adjustment, if any, as it 
deems equitable, to any or all of (A) the Absolute Share Limit, or any 
other limit applicable under the Plan with respect to the number of Awards 
which may be granted hereunder; (B) the number of shares of Common Stock or 
other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or 
other property) which may be issued in respect of Awards or with respect to 
which Awards may be granted under the Plan; and (C) the
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (I) the 
number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or 
number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to 
outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate; or (II) the 
Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to any Award; provided, that in 
the case of any equity restructuring (within the meaning of the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or 
any successor pronouncement thereto)), the Committee shall make an 
equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such 
equity restructuring.

(b) Adjustment Events. Without limiting the foregoing, except as may 
otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, in connection with any 
Adjustment Event, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide for 
any one or more of the following:

(i) substitution or assumption of Awards (or awards of an acquiring 
company), acceleration of the vesting of, exercisability of, lapse of 
restrictions on, or termination of, Awards, or establishment of a period of 
time (which shall not be required to be more than ten (10) days) for 
Participants to exercise outstanding Awards prior to the occurrence of such 
event (and any such Award not so exercised shall terminate upon the 
occurrence of such event);

(ii) cancellation of any one or more outstanding Awards and payment to the 
holders of such Awards that are vested as of such cancellation (including, 
without limitation, any Awards that would vest as a result of the 
occurrence of such event but for such cancellation or for which vesting is 
accelerated by the Committee in connection with such event pursuant to 
clause (i) above), the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the 
Committee (which value, if applicable, may be based upon the price per 
share of Common Stock received or to be received by other stockholders of 
the Company in such event), including, without limitation, in the case of 
an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the 
excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value (as of a date specified by the 
Committee) of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Option or SAR over 
the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price of such Option or SAR (it 
being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per share 
Exercise Price or Strike Price equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market 
Value of a share of Common Stock subject thereto may be canceled and 
terminated without any payment or consideration therefor), or, in the case 
of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Equity-Based Awards 
that are not vested as of such cancellation, a cash payment or equity 
subject to deferred vesting and delivery consistent with the vesting 
restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or 
Other Equity-Based Awards prior to cancellation, or the underlying shares 
in respect thereof; and

(iii) subject to any limitations or reductions as may be necessary to 
comply with Section 409A of the Code, conversion or replacement of any 
Award that is not vested as of the occurrence of such event into or with 
the right to receive a payment, based on the value of the Award (as 
determined consistent with clause (ii) above), which is subject to 
continued vesting on the same basis as the vesting requirements applicable 
to such converted or replaced Award.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payments to holders pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) above shall be made 
in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in the form of such 
other consideration necessary for a Participant to receive property, cash, 
or securities (or combination thereof) as such Participant would have been 
entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the transaction if the 
Participant had been, immediately prior to such transaction, the holder of 
the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award at such time 
(less any applicable Exercise Price or Strike Price).

(c) Other Requirements. Prior to any payment or adjustment contemplated 
under this Section 11, the Committee may require a Participant to (i) 
represent and warrant as to the unencumbered title to the Participants 
Awards; (ii) bear such Participants pro rata share of any post-closing 
indemnity obligations, and be subject to the same post-closing purchase 
price adjustments, escrow terms, offset rights, holdback terms, and similar 
conditions as the other holders of Common Stock, subject to any limitations 
or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code; 
and (iii) deliver customary transfer documentation as reasonably determined 
by the Committee.

(d) Fractional Shares. Any adjustment provided under this Section 11 may 
provide for the elimination of any fractional share that might otherwise 
become subject to an Award.

(e) Binding Effect. Any adjustment, substitution, determination of value or 
other action taken by the Committee under this Section 11 shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes.

12. Amendments and Termination. 

(a) Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend, alter, 
suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any 
time; provided, that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuance or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if 
(i) such approval is necessary to comply with any regulatory requirement 
applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary to 
comply with any rules or regulations of any securities exchange or 
inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company may be 
listed or quoted) or for changes in GAAP to new accounting standards; (ii) 
it would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued 
under the Plan (except for increases pursuant to Section 5 or 11 of the 
Plan); or (iii) it would materially modify the requirements for 
participation in the Plan; provided, further, that any such amendment, 
alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially 
and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or 
beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be 
effective without the consent of the affected Participant, holder or 
beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment shall be made to 
the last proviso of Section 12(b) of the Plan without stockholder approval.

(b) Amendment of Award Agreements. The Committee may, to the extent 
consistent with the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, 
waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, 
suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or 
the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including 
after a Participants Termination); provided, that, other than pursuant to 
Section 11, any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, 
discontinuance, cancellation or
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any 
Participant with respect to any Award theretofore granted shall not to that 
extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant.

(c) No Repricing. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, 
without stockholder approval, except as otherwise permitted under Section 
11 of the Plan, (i) no amendment or modification may reduce the Exercise 
Price of any Option or the Strike Price of any SAR; (ii) the Committee may 
not cancel any outstanding Option or SAR and replace it with a new Option 
or SAR (with a lower Exercise Price or Strike Price, as the case may be) or 
other Award or cash payment that is greater than the intrinsic value (if 
any) of the cancelled Option or SAR; and (iii) the Committee may not take 
any other action which is considered a repricing for purposes of the 
stockholder approval rules of any securities exchange or inter-dealer 
quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or 
quoted.

13. General.

(a) Award Agreements. Each Award under the Plan shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant to whom such 
Award was granted and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award 
and any rules applicable thereto, including, without limitation, the effect 
on such Award of a Termination of a Participant, or of such other events as 
may be determined by the Committee. For purposes of the Plan, an Award 
Agreement may be in any such form (written or electronic) as determined by 
the Committee (including, without limitation, a Board or Committee 
resolution, a notice, a certificate or a letter) evidencing the Award. The 
Committee need not require an Award Agreement to be signed by the 
Participant or a duly authorized representative of the Company or a 
Subsidiary.

(b) Nontransferability. Each Award shall be exercisable only by such 
Participant to whom such Award was granted during the Participants 
lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participants 
legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned, alienated, 
pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a 
Participant (unless such transfer is specifically required pursuant to a 
domestic relations order or by applicable law) other than by will or by the 
laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, 
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void 
and unenforceable against any member of the Company Group; provided, that 
the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, 
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.

(c) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. The Committee may, in its sole 
discretion, provide a Participant as part of an Award with dividends, 
dividend equivalents, or similar payments in respect of Awards, payable in 
cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities, other Awards or other 
property, on a current or deferred basis, on such terms and conditions as 
may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, including, 
without limitation, payment directly to the Participant, withholding of 
such amounts by the Company subject to vesting of the Award or reinvestment 
in additional shares of Common Stock, Restricted Stock or other Awards; 
provided, that no dividends, dividend equivalents or other similar payments 
shall be payable in respect of outstanding Options or SARs.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Tax Withholding.

(i) A Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or one or more of 
its Subsidiaries, as applicable, an amount in cash (by check or wire 
transfer) equal to the aggregate amount of any income, employment and/or 
other applicable taxes that are statutorily required to be withheld in 
respect of an Award. Alternatively, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
may elect, in its sole discretion, to satisfy this requirement by 
withholding such amount from any cash compensation or other cash amounts 
owing to a Participant.

(ii) Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may (but is not 
obligated to), in its sole discretion, permit or require a Participant to 
satisfy, all or any portion of the minimum income, employment and/or other 
applicable taxes that are statutorily required to be withheld with respect 
to an Award by (A) the delivery of shares of Common Stock (which are not 
subject to any pledge or other security interest) that have been both held 
by the Participant and vested for any period of time as established from 
time to time by the Committee in order to avoid adverse accounting 
treatment under GAAP) having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such 
minimum statutorily required withholding liability (or portion thereof); or 
(B) having the Company withhold from the shares of Common Stock otherwise 
issuable or deliverable to, or that would otherwise be retained by, the 
Participant upon the grant, exercise, vesting or settlement of the Award, 
as applicable, a number of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate Fair 
Market Value equal to an amount, subject to clause (iii) below, not in 
excess of such minimum statutorily required withholding liability (or 
portion thereof).

(iii) The Committee, subject to its having considered the applicable 
accounting impact of any such determination, has full discretion to allow 
Participants to satisfy, in whole or in part, any additional income, 
employment and/or other applicable taxes payable by them with respect to an 
Award by electing to have the Company withhold from the shares of Common 
Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable to, or that would otherwise be 
retained by, a Participant upon the grant, exercise, vesting or settlement 
of the Award, as applicable, shares of Common Stock having an aggregate 
Fair Market Value that is greater than the applicable minimum required 
statutory withholding liability (but such withholding may in no event be in 
excess of the maximum statutory withholding amount(s) in a Participants 
relevant tax jurisdictions).

(e) Data Protection. By participating in the Plan or accepting any rights 
granted under it, each Participant consents to the collection and 
processing of personal data relating to the Participant so that the Company 
and its Affiliates can fulfill their obligations and exercise their rights 
under the Plan and generally administer and manage the Plan. This data will 
include, but may not be limited to, data about participation in the Plan 
and shares offered or received, purchased, or sold under the Plan from time 
to time and other appropriate financial and other data (such as the date on 
which the Awards were granted) about the Participant and the Participants 
participation in the Plan.

(f) No Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Service; Waiver. No employee 
of any member of the Company Group, member of the Board, or other Person, 
shall have any
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan or, having been 
selected for the grant of an Award, to be selected for a grant of any other 
Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants 
or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards 
and the Committees determinations and interpretations with respect thereto 
need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made 
selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are 
similarly situated. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall 
be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the 
employ or service of any other member of the Company Group, nor shall it be 
construed as giving any Participant any rights to continued service on the 
Board. The Participants service as a member of the Board may be terminated 
free from any liability or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise 
expressly provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement. By accepting an 
Award under the Plan, a Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived 
any claim to continued exercise or vesting of an Award or to damages or 
severance entitlement related to non-continuation of the Award beyond the 
period provided under the Plan or any Award Agreement, except to the extent 
of any provision to the contrary in any written services contract or other 
agreement between any member of the Company Group and the Participant, 
whether any such agreement is executed before, on or after the Date of 
Grant.

(g) Designation and Change of Beneficiary. Each Participant may file with 
the Committee a written designation of one or more Persons as the 
beneficiary(ies) who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with 
respect to an Award, if any, due under the Plan upon the Participants 
death. A Participant may, from time to time, revoke or change the 
Participants beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior 
beneficiary by filing a new designation with the Committee. The last such 
designation received by the Committee shall be controlling; provided, 
however, that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be 
effective unless received by the Committee prior to the Participants 
death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such 
receipt. If no beneficiary designation is filed by a Participant, the 
beneficiary shall be deemed to be the Participants spouse or, if the 
Participant is unmarried at the time of death, the Participants estate.

(h) Termination. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if a 
Participant undergoes a Termination of service as a member of the Board, 
but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company Group in 
a non-employee capacity, such change in status shall not be considered a 
Termination for purposes of the Plan.

(i) No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided 
in the Plan or any Award Agreement, no Person shall be entitled to the 
privileges of ownership in respect of shares of Common Stock which are 
subject to Awards hereunder until such shares have been issued or delivered 
to such Person.

(j) Government and Other Regulations.

(i) The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in shares of Common 
Stock or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, 
rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as 
may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to 
the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or 
to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling,
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an Award unless such shares have 
been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an 
opinion of counsel (if the Company has requested such an opinion), 
satisfactory to the Company, that such shares may be offered or sold 
without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and 
the terms and conditions of such exemption have been fully complied with. 
The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the 
Securities Act any of the shares of Common Stock to be offered or sold 
under the Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to provide that all 
shares of Common Stock or other securities of any member of the Company 
Group issued under the Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders 
and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan, 
the applicable Award Agreement, the Federal securities laws, or the rules, 
regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on 
which the securities of the Company are listed or quoted and any other 
applicable Federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws, rules, regulations and 
other requirements, and, without limiting the generality of Section 9 of 
the Plan, the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on 
certificates representing shares of Common Stock or other securities of any 
member of the Company Group issued under the Plan to make appropriate 
reference to such restrictions or may cause such Common Stock or other 
securities of any member of the Company Group issued under the Plan in 
book-entry form to be held subject to the Companys instructions or subject 
to appropriate stop-transfer orders. Notwithstanding any provision in the 
Plan to the contrary, the Committee reserves the right to add any 
additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under the Plan that the 
Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable in order 
that such Award complies with the legal requirements of any governmental 
entity to whose jurisdiction the Award is subject.

(ii) The Committee may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it 
determines, in its sole discretion, that legal or contractual restrictions 
and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Companys 
acquisition of shares of Common Stock from the public markets, the 
Companys issuance of Common Stock to the Participant, the Participants 
acquisition of Common Stock from the Company and/or the Participants sale 
of Common Stock to the public markets, illegal, impracticable or 
inadvisable. If the Committee determines to cancel all or any portion of an 
Award in accordance with the foregoing, the Company shall, subject to any 
limitations or reductions as may be necessary to comply with Section 409A 
of the Code, (A) pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of 
(I) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock subject 
to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the applicable 
exercise date, or the date that the shares would have been vested or 
issued, as applicable); over (II) the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike 
Price (in the case of an Option or SAR, respectively) or any amount payable 
as a condition of issuance of shares of Common Stock (in the case of any 
other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as 
practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof, or 
(B) in the case of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other 
Equity-Based Awards, provide the Participant with a cash payment or equity 
subject to deferred vesting and delivery consistent with the vesting 
restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or 
Other Equity-Based Awards, or the underlying shares in respect thereof.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(k) No Section 83(b) Elections Without Consent of Company. No election 
under Section 83(b) of the Code or under a similar provision of law may be 
made unless expressly permitted by the terms of the applicable Award 
Agreement or by action of the Committee in writing prior to the making of 
such election. If a Participant, in connection with the acquisition of 
shares of Common Stock under the Plan or otherwise, is expressly permitted 
to make such election and the Participant makes the election, the 
Participant shall notify the Company of such election within ten (10) days 
of filing notice of the election with the Internal Revenue Service or other 
governmental authority, in addition to any filing and notification required 
pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code or other applicable provision.

(l) Payments to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Committee shall 
find that any Person to whom any amount is payable under the Plan is unable 
to care for the Participants affairs because of illness or accident, or is 
a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such Person or the 
Participants estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly 
appointed legal representative) may, if the Committee so directs the 
Company, be paid to the Participants spouse, child, relative, an 
institution maintaining or having custody of such Person, or any other 
Person deemed by the Committee to be a proper recipient on behalf of such 
Person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete 
discharge of the liability of the Committee and the Company therefor.

(m) Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the 
Board nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for 
approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the 
Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, 
including, without limitation, the granting of equity-based awards 
otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either 
applicable generally or only in specific cases.

(n) No Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create 
or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a 
fiduciary relationship between any member of the Company Group, on the one 
hand, and a Participant or other Person, on the other hand. No provision of 
the Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of 
satisfying any obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or place any 
assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or 
otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company be obligated to 
maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the 
existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for 
such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than 
as unsecured general creditors of the Company, except that insofar as they 
may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by 
performance of services, they shall have the same rights as other service 
providers under general law.

(o) Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of 
the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as the case 
may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in 
good faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent public 
accountant of any member of the Company Group and/or any other information 
furnished in connection with the Plan by any agent of the Company or the 
Committee or the Board, other than himself or herself.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(p) Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to 
contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. EACH PARTICIPANT 
WHO ACCEPTS AN AWARD IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
SUIT, ACTION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY OR AGAINST SUCH PARTICIPANT 
IN RESPECT OF THE PARTICIPANTS RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.

(q) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award or Award 
Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any Person or Award, or would 
disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the 
Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform 
to the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended 
without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the 
intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be construed or 
deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, Person or Award and the remainder 
of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.

(r) Obligations Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under 
the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization 
resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the 
Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to 
substantially all of the assets and business of the Company.

(s) Section 409A of the Code.

(i) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, it is 
intended that the provisions of the Plan comply with Section 409A of the 
Code, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed and interpreted in 
a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties 
under Section 409A of the Code. Each Participant is solely responsible and 
liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed 
on or in respect of such Participant in connection with the Plan (including 
any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code), and no member of 
the Company Group shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold 
such Participant (or any beneficiary) harmless from any or all of such 
taxes or penalties. With respect to any Award that is considered deferred 
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, references in the Plan 
to termination of employment or termination of service (and 
substantially similar phrases) shall mean separation from service within 
the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of 
the Code, each of the payments that may be made in respect of any Award 
granted under the Plan is designated as separate payments.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, if a Participant 
is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of 
the Code, no payments in respect of any Awards that are deferred 
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and which would otherwise 
be payable upon the Participants
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) shall be 
made to such Participant prior to the date that is six (6) months after the 
date of such Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the 
date of the Participants death. Following any applicable six (6) month 
delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the 
earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code that is also a 
business day.

(iii) Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement or 
otherwise, in the event that the timing of payments in respect of any Award 
(that would otherwise be considered deferred compensation subject to 
Section 409A of the Code) would be accelerated upon the occurrence of a 
Change in Control, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless the event 
giving rise to the Change in Control satisfies the definition of a change 
in the ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation pursuant 
to Section 409A of the Code.

(t) Clawback/Repayment. All Awards shall be subject to reduction, 
cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply 
with (i) any clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by the 
Board or the Committee and as in effect from time to time; and (ii) 
applicable law. Further, to the extent that the Participant receives any 
amount in excess of the amount that the Participant should otherwise have 
received under the terms of the Award for any reason (including, without 
limitation, by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations 
or other administrative error), the Participant shall be required to repay 
any such excess amount to the Company.

(u) Right of Offset. The Company will have the right to offset against its 
obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock (or other property or cash) 
under the Plan or any Award Agreement any outstanding amounts that the 
Participant then owes to any member of the Company Group and any amounts 
the Committee otherwise deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization 
policy or agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Award is 
deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Committee 
will have no right to offset against its obligation to deliver shares of 
Common Stock (or other property or cash) under the Plan or any Award 
Agreement if such offset could subject the Participant to the additional 
tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code in respect of an outstanding 
Award.

(v) Expenses; Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering the Plan 
shall be borne by the Company Group. The titles and headings of the 
sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the 
event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or 
headings, shall control.
 
21