 EX-10 9 filename9.htm
Exhibit 10.8

EXECUTION COPY

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.

and

KINEX THERAPEUTICS (HK) LIMITED

and

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (as guarantor)

ON

ORASCOVERY PROGRAM

MAINLAND CHINA TERRITORY
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	15 	  
 ARTICLE 3 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
 REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	17 	  
 ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	25 	  
 ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	31 	  
 ARTICLE 6 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	34 	  
 ARTICLE 7 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	41 	  
 ARTICLE 8 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	44 	  
 ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	48 	  
 ARTICLE 10 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	52 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of 
June 28, 2013 (Effective Date), by and among KINEX THERAPEUTICS (HK) 
LIMITED, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Hong Kong 
and having its principal office at 11/F, AXA Centre, 151 Gloucester Road, 
Hong Kong (Kinex), HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD., a publicly traded 
company existing under the laws of South Korea and having its principal 
office at 14,Wiryeseong-daero,Songpa-gu, Seoul, 138-724 South Korea (
Hanmi) and KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a corporation organized and 
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and having its principal 
office at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 14203, United States, 
previously known as Kinex Pharmaceuticals, LLC (Kinex US).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Hanmi owns or Controls the Hanmi Intellectual Property and is 
developing Compounds for improved absorption for oral drug dosing;

WHEREAS, Kinex and its Affiliates have experience in the development, 
marketing, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products and Kinex desires 
to obtain the exclusive right and license in the Territory to further 
develop and thereafter commercialize Licensed Products in the Field; and

WHEREAS, Hanmi has previously licensed the Hanmi Intellectual Property in 
other territories to Kinex US; and

WHEREAS, Hanmi desires to grant to Kinex, currently a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Kinex US, such exclusive right and license in the Territory, 
all on the terms and conditions set forth below.
 
1
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the Drug Administration Law of the Peoples Republic of 
China, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or 
any successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

1.2 Affiliate(s) means with respect to a Party: (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly or 
indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof.

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(c).

1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a, Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.

1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, that (i) the first Calendar Quarter of any period 
specified under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such 
period to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and 
(ii) the last Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2013, and for 
each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and 
ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 cGMP means current Good Manufacturing Practice.

1.9 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

1.10 Clinical Studies means any clinical studies of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.

1.11 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or pre-launch activities.
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.12 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential.

1.13 Completion means, with respect to any clinical study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.14 Compound(s) means any and all pump inhibiting compounds discovered 
or developed in the Orascovery Program, including HM30181A (a 
P-Glycoprotein inhibitor) as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto, 
and any pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, solvates, amides, 
prodrugs, metabolites, and esters of the foregoing, or mixtures or 
combinations of any such compounds.

1.15 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.16 Copyright means the rights granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.

1.17 CSRC means the China Securities Regulatory Commission and any 
successor agency having substantially the same functions.

1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, adverse reaction data, chemistry, manufacturing and 
control (CMC) data and/or all other similar documentation generated in 
connection with any Compound or any Licensed Product.

1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to any Compound or any Licensed Product which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of such Compound or 
Licensed Product, including any other pre-launch activities.
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.20 Direct Kinex Sales means all sales of Licensed Product by Kinex as 
the result of the direct marketing and sale of Licensed Product after 
Regulatory Approval.

1.21 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

1.22 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.23 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in the 
Territory.

1.24 DRR means the Drug Registration Regulations of the SFDA.

1.25 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.

1.26 Field means the enhancement of oral absorption of any pharmaceutical 
preparation in humans or animals.

1.27 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in the Territory by Kinex, its Affiliates or sublicensees after 
receipt of Regulatory Approval in such Territory or, where Regulatory 
Approval is not required, then the first sale for end use or consumption of 
a Licensed Product to a Third Party in the Territory in connection with the 
nationwide introduction of such Licensed Product in the Territory by Kinex, 
its Affiliates or sublicensees.

1.28 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist in the Territory as of 
any date if, during the two (2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) a 
Generic Product has a market share in the Territory of at least *** percent 
(***%) of the then combined unit volume of the competing Licensed
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Product and the Generic Product, or (b) Net Sales by Kinex in the Territory 
decrease by at least *** percent (***%) with each of (a) and (b) measured 
as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar Years as compared to the 
Calendar Year of Peak Sales.

1.29 Generic Product means any product containing any Compound as an 
active pharmaceutical ingredient sold by a Third Party (excluding, for 
these purposes, an Affiliate or sublicensees of Kinex).

1.30 Hanmi Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.31 Hanmi Intellectual Property means the Hanmi Patent Rights, Hanmi 
Know-How and Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Hanmi or any of 
its Affiliates from the Orascovery Program. A list of the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property in the Territory as of the Effective Date is listed 
in Schedule 1.2.

1.32 Hanmi Know-Flow means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Hanmi or any of its Affiliates.

1.33 Hanmi Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Hanmi or any of its Affiliates.

1.34 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board or the Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles as adopted in the United States (GAAP) will be 
consistently applied in each country based on the current accounting 
standards predominately utilized in such country. If a country does not 
utilize either GAAP or the international accounting standards, the 
international accounting standards shall be applied in such country.

1.35 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any of its Affiliates pursuant to activities 
relating to or contemplated by this Agreement during the Agreement Term, 
that
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
have application or relate to a Compound or a Licensed Product for use in 
the Field including developments in the manufacture, formulation, 
ingredients, preparation, presentation, means of delivery or 
administration, dosage, indication, methods of use or packaging and/or sale 
of a Compound or a Licensed Product.

1.36 IND means an Investigational New Drug application obtained for 
purposes of conducting clinical trials in accordance with the requirements 
of the Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including all 
supplements and amendments thereto relating to the use of a Compound or a 
Licensed Product in the Field.

1.37 Initiation means when an IND is submitted for Clinical Studies to 
the Regulatory Authority of the Territory.

1.38 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).

1.39 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights, and 
Trademarks collectively, including applications thereof, relating to the 
Compound(s) or Licensed Products, as well as any Improvements thereto.

1.40 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.41 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.42 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.43 Kinex US License means the license agreement executed on December 
16, 2011 between Hanmi and Kinex US with respect to the Orascovery Program.
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.44 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
relate to any Compound or any Licensed Product, or any improvement.

1.45 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.46 Licensed Product(s) means any and all pharmaceutical preparations in 
final form (or, where the context so indicates, the form under development) 
containing any Compound as an active pharmaceutical ingredient for use in 
the Field in the Territory.

1.47 Liquidity Event(s) means (i) a Public Offering, or (ii) the sale or 
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Kinex or 
Kinex US, or (iii) any consolidation or merger of Kinex or Kinex US with or 
into any other person, in such a way that under (i), (ii) or (iii) the 
holders of shares or other equity securities of Kinex or Kinex US shall be 
entitled to receive cash or a class of equity securities that are publicly 
traded on a nationally recognized stock exchange in any jurisdiction or any 
combination thereof.

1.48 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.49 NDA means a New Drug Application in the Territory submitted to the 
SFDA to obtain approval for the marketing of a Licensed Product in the 
Territory, together with all subsequent submissions, supplements and 
amendments thereto.
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.50 Net Profits means revenues received by Kinex from any Sublicense or 
from Direct Kinex Sales of a Licensed Product in the Territory subject to 
the following adjustments calculated on a consolidated basis with Kinex US 
in accordance with IFRS:

With respect to revenues arising from each Sublicense and from Direct Kinex 
Sales, such revenues shall be reduced for (i) cost of goods, (n) sales and 
marketing expenses for launch of a Licensed Product in the Territory, (iii) 
general and administrative costs (which shall not include depreciation and 
amortization attributable to the Licensed Product in the Territory) related 
to the Commercialization of the Licensed Product for the Territory, and 
(iv) research and development costs incurred after initial Regulatory 
Approval in the Territory related to Clinical Studies necessary for market 
expansion. For the avoidance of doubt, all costs and expenses as mentioned 
in (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) herein shall not be deducted more than once 
from revenues arising from each Sublicense and from Direct Kinex Sales in 
the calculation of Net Profits.

Where costs and expenses are shared among multiple Kinex products or 
projects or any combination of Sublicenses and Direct Kinex Sales in the 
Territory, reasonable allocations based on such factors as the number of 
products, projects, Sublicenses or Direct Kinex Sales benefitting from the 
cost or expense and relative market share of each such product, project, 
Sublicense or Direct Kinex Sales shall be utilized in the calculation of 
Net Profits.

Net Profits shall be calculated separately for each Licensed Product from 
and after filing of the NDA for the applicable Licensed Product on a 
cumulative basis during the term of this Agreement for each Sublicense and 
all Direct Kinex Sales. To the extent aggregate, cumulative Net Profits for 
each Sublicense or for Direct Kinex Sales is less than zero, the negative 
amount shall be carried forward and utilized in the calculation of Net 
Profits in the subsequent period until the negative balance is eliminated.
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.51 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by Kinex, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less the 
following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;

(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product, to the extent permitted by applicable law;

(f) bad debt recognized for accounting purposes as not collectible;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(i) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to a Licensed Product, and, to the extent 
applicable, other products or services of Kinex or its Affiliates or 
sublicensees such that the Licensed Products do not bear a disproportionate 
portion of such deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Sales shall not 
include sales by Kinex to its Affiliates or sublicensees for resale; 
provided that, if Kinex sells Licensed Products to an Affiliate or 
sublicensee for resale, then the Net Sales calculation shall include the 
amounts invoiced by such Affiliate or sublicensee to Third Parties on the 
resale of such Licensed Products. For purposes of this Agreement, sale 
shall not include transfers or other distributions or dispositions of 
Licensed Products, at no charge, for regulatory purposes, clinical trials, 
samples, free products or in connection with patient assistance programs or 
other charitable purposes or to physicians or hospitals for promotional 
purposes. Licensed Products shall be considered sold only when billed or 
invoiced.

1.52 Ongoing Clinical Study means Clinical Studies with enrolled patients 
that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has occurred 
regardless of enrollment of patients.

1.53 Orascovery Program means the Hanmi program dedicated to the 
research, discovery and development of compounds that enhance or increase 
the oral absorption of pharmaceutical preparations in humans or animals.

1.54 Oratecan means any oral dosage, chemotherapy drug that contain the 
Compound and Irinotecan as active pharmaceutical ingredients.

1.55 Oraxol means any oral dosage, chemotherapy drug that contain the 
Compound and Paclitaxel as active pharmaceutical ingredients

1.56 Party means Hanmi or Kinex, as the context may require.

1.57 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.58 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof 
that relate to any Compound, any Licensed Product or any Improvement, 
including methods of development, manufacture, formulation, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, packaging, sale 
or use relating to the Compound, Licensed Product or Improvement.

1.59 Peak Sales means the highest Net Sales of the applicable Licensed 
Product achieved during any Calendar Year following the First Commercial 
Sale of such Licensed Product within the Territory.

1.60 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means the initial introduction of an 
investigational new drug into humans primarily designed to determine the 
metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the drug in humans, the side 
effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early 
evidence on effectiveness, and may also include studies of drug metabolism, 
structure-activity relationships, and mechanism of action in humans, as 
well as studies in which investigational drugs are used as research tools 
to explore biological phenomena or disease processes.

1.61 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means the Clinical Study related to the 
product, in particular, the study that will show the efficacy of the 
product and also provide guidance to the effective dose regimen required. 
In general, this type of study will determine the effective dose regimen 
for the clinical indication. Safety data is also collected in this type of 
study.

1.62 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means the Clinical Study related to 
the product, in particular, the study that is a registration study designed 
to demonstrate statistically (p-value of less than 0.05 or <0.025 for 
split-alpha study design) the efficacy of the drug for specific 
indications. This type of study is usually conducted after agreement with 
the Regulatory Authority that a positive result from such a study conducted 
under good clinical practice will be enough for the Regulatory Authority to 
provide marketing approval of the product.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.63 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York, USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.64 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the Act 
and as interpreted by the Regulatory Authority in the Territory.

1.65 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Hanmi Know-How and Kinex Know-How, as applicable.

1.66 Public Offering means the consummation of an underwritten public 
offering by Kinex or Kinex US for any class of its equity securities.

1.67 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.

1.68 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.69 Sublicense means any license of some or all of Kinexs rights under 
this Agreement to a Third Party.

1.70 SFDA means the Regulatory Authority in Mainland China.

1.71 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist in 
the Territory as of any date if, during the two (2) immediately preceding 
Calendar Years, (a) a Generic Product has a market share in the Territory 
of at least *** percent (***%) of the then combined unit volume of the 
competing Licensed Product and the Generic Product, or (b) Net Sales by 
Kinex in the Territory decrease by at least *** percent (***%) with each of 
(a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar Years 
as compared to the Calendar Year of Peak Sales.

1.72 Territory means Mainland China.

1.73 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.

1.74 Trademark means all trademark(s) for which either Party has sought 
registration and all related service marks, domain names and other 
trademark related rights relating to the Licensed Products.

1.75 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 2

GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 Grants by Hanmi. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Hanmi hereby grants to Kinex an exclusive right and license throughout the 
Territory as defined (including the right to grant Sublicenses to Third 
Parties with prior written notice to Hanmi) to practice under the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property in order to develop, label, package, import, export, 
promote, distribute, make, use, sell, offer for sale, register, 
commercialize and otherwise exploit the Compounds and Licensed Products 
containing the Compounds in the Field and a non-exclusive right to 
manufacture the Compounds and Licensed Products outside the Territory but 
solely for sales within the Territory; provided, however, that, 
notwithstanding the exclusive rights granted to Kinex hereunder, Hanmi 
shall retain the right to use the Hanmi Intellectual Property in the 
Territory solely as necessary to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement. With respect to sales to Third Party distributors or other 
parties purchasing Licensed Products for resale, Kinex shall use reasonable 
efforts to restrict such resales to within the Territory.

2.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to Kinex under this Agreement are reserved and retained by Hanmi. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any 
license or other right to Kinex, to or in respect of any product, patent, 
trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other data or any other 
intellectual property of the other Party, except as set forth under this 
Agreement. Hanmi retains the right to manufacture Compounds or Licensed 
Products within the Territory for sales outside the Territory. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Hanmi shall not market, distribute, sell and import the 
Licensed Products within the Territory.

2.3 First Right of Negotiation. Kinex hereby grants to Hanmi a one time, 
right of first negotiation to purchase all of Kinexs rights in Oraxol 
under this Agreement and a one time, right of first negotiation to purchase 
all of Kinexs rights in Oratecan under this Agreement. Such rights must be 
exercised with respect to Oraxol or Oratecan during Development of the 
applicable product and prior to (i) First Commercial Sale of the applicable 
product or (ii) receipt by Hanmi of written notice from Kinex of the
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Sublicense of the applicable product to a Third Party under Section 2.1. 
The purchase price for such rights in Oraxol or Oratecan shall be 
determined by an internationally recognized investment banking firm with an 
office in Hong Kong selected by mutual agreement of the Parties.

With respect to the right of first negotiation, Hanmi shall send written 
notice of its intent to purchase all rights under this Agreement in Oraxol 
or Oratecan to Kinex together with a list of at least five internationally 
recognized investment banking firms acceptable to Hanmi (Notice of 
Intent). Kinex shall have thirty (30) days from the date of the Notice of 
Intent to agree to one of the investment banking firms proposed by Hanmi. 
If Kinex disagreed with all the investment banking firms proposed by Hanmi, 
Hanmi shall have fourteen (14) days to provide another list of five (5) 
such firms, and Kinex shall have fourteen (14) days after receipt of the 
second list to agree to one of the investment banking firms proposed by 
Hanmi on the first or second list. This process can repeat for a third 
cycle, but during the third cycle, Kinex must agree to one of the 
investment banking firms on the first, second or third list. The investment 
banking firm shall be retained to value Kinexs rights in the applicable 
product under this Agreement. After receipt of the valuation of the 
investment banking firm, the Kinex and Hanmi shall negotiate in good faith 
for an additional thirty (30) days thereafter in an effort to execute a 
definitive purchase or sublicense agreement. If the parties fail to enter 
into a definitive purchase or sublicense agreement within sixty (60) days 
of the date of the valuation of the investment banking firm, then Kinex 
shall be free to sublicense the applicable product or Develop and 
Commercialize the product for its own account under this Agreement and 
Hanmis right under this Section 2.3 with respect to such product shall 
expire and be of no further force or effect; provided, however, in the 
event Hanmi wishes to continue discussions on the definitive purchase or 
sublicense agreement after such sixty (60) day period expires, Kinexs 
right to Sublicense, Develop and Commercialize the product for its own 
account and the expiration of Hanmis right under this Section 2.3 may be 
suspended(upon prior written consent from Kinex) for an additional sixty 
(60) days during which time the Parties shall continue to discuss a 
definitive purchase or sublicense agreement in good faith. Hanmi shall be 
responsible to pay all expenses and fees of the investment banking firm.
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 3

INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;

REGULATORY MATTERS

3.1 Information and Transfer of Hanmi Intellectual Property. As soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the 
Effective Date, Hanmi shall disclose and deliver to Kinex electronic copies 
in the English language (or, upon Kinexs request, copy of the originals) 
of all Data necessary for continued Development and Commercialization in 
the Territory including, but not limited to, English translations of (i) 
the IND submitted in Korea, (ii) the Phase I Clinical Study report and 
Phase II Clinical Study report completed in Korea for HM30181A (a 
P-Glycoprotein inhibitor), and (iii) any other research report. In addition 
to the foregoing, Hanmi shall provide Kinex with such assistance as Kinex 
may reasonably request (at Kinexs cost and expenses) in connection with 
the foregoing disclosures, including making available at their place of 
employment (or such other location as the Parties may mutually agree upon) 
the assistance of such persons that were involved with the Orascovery 
Program, Clinical Studies and the Hanmi Intellectual Property. The Party 
requesting copies of Data shall reimburse the other Party for the cost of 
providing copies of such Data.

3.2 Ongoing Disclosure. At least twice in each Calendar Year, each Party 
shall disclose and deliver to the other Party electronic copies in the 
English language (or, upon request of a Party with the need, copies of the 
originals) all discoveries and developments within its Orascovery Program 
including all new Compounds, new Data, and the Hanmi Intellectual Property 
as necessary for continued Development and Commercialization in the 
Territory.

3.3 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. Kinex shall be responsible for and shall itself, or through 
its Affiliates or sublicensees, conduct Development and Commercialization 
in the Territory before and during the Agreement Term as described by this 
Agreement. Within ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, Kinex
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
shall prepare a draft Development plan, in English, consistent with 
regional development requirements. A budget, in English related to the 
Development and Commercialization for the Territory will also be submitted 
to the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee (as defined in 
Section 3.5) which will agree on and oversee the plan for Development and 
Commercialization during the Agreement Term. If

(i) Kinex fails to file an IND for Oraxol with the Regulatory Authority in 
the Territory within six (6) months after the latest of (w) completion of 
all Chinese translations necessary for the filing of an IND with the 
Regulatory Authority in the Territory, (x) completion of all manufacturing 
and toxicology studies necessary for the filing of an IND with the 
Regulatory Authority in the Territory, (y) the date Hanmi and Kinex agree 
that all studies necessary for the filing of an IND with the Regulatory 
Authority in the Territory have been completed, or (z) the date of the 
final study report for the last of any additional studies that are 
necessary for the filing of an IND with the Regulatory Authority in the 
Territory, or

(ii) Kinex fails to commence Clinical Studies for Oraxol within twelve (12) 
months after the date of approval of an IND by the Regulatory Authority in 
the Territory,

then, with both (i) and (ii) above being subject to an extension on the 
foregoing timelines of up to twelve (12) months at the reasonable request 
of Kinex, Hanmi shall have the option, if it elects to do so, to terminate 
all rights and licenses under this Agreement upon the end of the applicable 
period as such period may be extended in accordance with the above.

(b) Summary Reports. Upon Hanmis sixty (60) day prior written request, 
made within thirty (30) days after the end of the first Calendar Year 
following the Effective Date and each year thereafter during the Agreement 
Term, if timely requested, Kinex shall provide Hanmi with a written summary 
of Development and Commercialization undertaken in the Territory during the 
then current Calendar Year consistent with written reports issued by Kinex 
in the ordinary course of its business.
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) Clinical Studies. Kinex will, either directly or through its Affiliates 
or sublicensees conduct and administer all the Clinical Studies in the 
Territory for Licensed Products as identified and agreed upon in the 
Development plan or as approved from time to time by the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee.

(d) Referencing Data. The Data and results of any Clinical Studies or other 
studies conducted by a Party or its ex-Territory partners shall be made 
available to the other Party for referencing at no cost to the requesting 
Party for regulatory filing purposes, and each party hereby grants to the 
other Party a right of reference to use such Data for the Development and 
Commercialization of the Compounds and Licensed Products, provided, however
, that with respect to the right granted to Kinex, such right shall be 
limited to the Development and Commercialization of the Compounds and the 
Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

(e) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. Kinex shall be 
responsible for all reasonable costs associated with Development and 
Commercialization in the Territory. Notwithstanding the generality of the 
foregoing, Kinex shall reimburse Hanmi for the direct and actual costs 
incurred by Hanmi in carrying out any Development within the Territory that 
was authorized or approved in writing in advance by Kinex, subject to a 
full accounting of such direct costs.

(f) Records. Under this Agreement, Kinex shall maintain records, in 
sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and 
regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, which 
shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall fully and 
properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including all Know-How 
and including individual case report forms, in the form required by 
applicable Laws. Hanmi shall have the right, upon at least sixty (60) days 
prior written notice to Kinex and no more than once in any Calendar Year, 
to inspect and audit such records. Hanmi shall reimburse Kinex for any 
costs incurred by Kinex with respect to any such inspection and audit by 
Hanmi.
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(g) Promotional Materials and Activities. Kinex shall create and develop 
the advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products in the 
Territory with the written approval of Hanmi(which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) with respect to all such materials. As holder of the 
Regulatory Approvals in the Territory, Kinex shall be responsible for all 
submissions and interactions with the Regulatory Authorities regarding 
approval of all Licensed Product-related promotional materials that require 
Regulatory Approval.

(h) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. The parties shall cooperate 
with respect to the establishment of all Trademarks and Copyrights for each 
Licensed Product in the Territory. Hanmi retains all rights to establish a 
global brand for each Licensed Product and shall own all Copyrights and 
Trademarks for each Licensed Product in the Territory with respect to such 
global branding strategy. Kinex shall have the right, with good cause and 
after consultation with Hanmi, to establish a brand for a Licensed Product 
in the Territory that is distinct from Hanmis global branding, and Kinex 
shall own all such distinct Copyrights and Trademarks. Each Party shall be 
responsible for searching, clearing and filing applications for 
registration of its own Copyrights, Trademarks and trade dress at its own 
cost and responsibility. Hanmi shall execute all documents and take all 
actions as are requested by Kinex with respect to such filings and 
registrations. Hanmi shall have the right to use the Kinex Trademarks and 
Copyrights with respect to the Compounds and Licensed Products upon Kinexs 
prior written consent.

(i) Sales of Licensed Products. All sales of Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by Kinex or its Affiliates or 
sublicensees. All terms regarding Licensed Product sales, including terms 
with respect to credit, pricing, cash discounts, rebates, chargebacks, bad 
debt write-offs, and other fees and charges, and returns and allowances 
shall be set solely by Kinex in accordance with reasonable industry 
standards.

(j) Supply of Licensed Product. During the Agreement Term, Hanmi shall use 
its best efforts to assist Kinex to procure, in accordance with regulatory 
requirements and as requested by Kinex, the requirements for Licensed 
Products for Clinical Studies and Regulatory Approval in the Territory. If
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Hanmi is directly manufacturing the Licensed Product for its own purposes, 
it shall supply the Licensed Product to Kinex at a purchase price payable 
by Kinex equal to Hanmis cost for manufacturing the Licensed Products. For 
the avoidance of doubt, Kinex shall be responsible for any customs duties. 
If Kinex elects to directly manufacture its own investigational products 
containing any Compound, Hanmi shall have the right to purchase such 
investigational products from Kinex for Clinical Studies and Regulatory 
Approval outside the Territory at a purchase price payable by Hanmi equal 
to Kinexs cost for manufacturing the investigational products.

3.4 Regulatory Matters.

(a) Responsibility of Kinex.

From and after the Effective Date:

(i) Kinex shall have sole authority and responsibility for the timely 
preparation, filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, 
authorizations or approvals with Regulatory Authorities, and shall own and 
control all such filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals, 
including any IND, NDA or other Drug Approval Application in the Territory 
in accordance with reasonable industry standards. Kinex shall provide 
copies of all such filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals upon 
reasonable request from Hanmi, at Hanmis sole cost and expense.

(ii) Kinex shall be the primary contact with each Regulatory Authority in 
the Territory and shall be solely responsible for all communications with 
each Regulatory Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, or other Drug 
Approval Application in the Territory, provided, however, that upon the 
reasonable request of Kinex, Hanmi shall provide appropriate personnel to 
participate in discussions with a Regulatory Authority regarding the 
regulatory review process and shall assist and consult with Kinex in 
applying for Regulatory Approval at Kinexs cost and expense.

(iii) From and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, Kinex shall have 
exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or amendments 
necessary to maintain Regulatory Approvals and to seek revisions of the 
conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory and shall keep 
Hanmi informed of any such actions. Kinex shall have sole authority and 
responsibility to seek and/or obtain any necessary approvals for any 
Product Label, or prescribing information, package inserts, monographs and 
packaging used in connection with a Licensed Product, in addition to 
promotional materials used in connection with a Licensed Product in the 
Territory. Kinex shall determine whether the foregoing items require 
Regulatory Approval in the Territory.
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Responsibility of Hanmi

(i) Hanmi shall fully cooperate and assist Kinex, upon Kinexs request, 
with respect to Kinexs performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement. Hanmi shall not he required, however, to incur any Third Party 
costs to meet its obligation to cooperate and assist Kinex under this 
Section. If Hanmis cooperation and assistance will be limited due to Third 
Party costs, Hanmi shall provide Kinex an estimate, including supporting 
documentation, of such Third Party costs. Unless otherwise agreed herein, 
or with the prior agreement of Kinex otherwise, Kinex shall not be 
responsible for any payment to Hanmi in consideration of any cooperation or 
assistance rendered by Hanmi.

(ii) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible for matters 
concerning adverse drug reactions, safety information and compliance with 
regulatory requirements. Each Party shall, upon the request of the other 
Party, provide any such data in each Partys actual possession to the other 
Party that is required by the Chinese Regulatory Authority. The Parties 
hereby agree that they will each make their best Commercially Reasonable 
Efforts in coordinating their respective regulatory, Development and 
Commercialization efforts under this Agreement.
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
3.5 Appointment and Administration of Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee for the Territory

(a) Oversight and review of the Development and Commercialization of the 
Licensed Products under this Agreement shall be managed by the same four 
(4) person steering committee established under the Kinex US License unless 
otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties. If a separate steering committee 
is established under this Agreement, the Development and Commercialization 
of the Licensed Products under this Agreement shall be managed by a four 
(4) person steering committee which will include two (2) representatives of 
each of Kinex and Hanmi (the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee) and will be chaired by one of the representatives of Kinex. All 
actions, decisions and approvals of the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee shall be determined upon an affirmative majority vote of 
its members. If there is a tie vote (after the process described in Article 
3.5(c)), Kinex CEO will have the casting vote.

(b) One (1) member appointed by each Party will be a senior officer of such 
Party who is either (i) responsible for product development or (ii) has 
substantial experience in product development for similar products who is 
acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its sole discretion, may at 
any time during the Agreement Term replace either of its appointed members 
with prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause its respective representatives to 
attend all meetings of the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee. Each Party will bear its respective travel and out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by its members or representatives in connection with the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committees meetings.

The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee will meet at least 
once every Calendar Quarter or more or less frequently as the Parties 
mutually deem appropriate, at a time and place agreed by the Parties. The 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee may also convene, vote 
or hold discussions from time to time through other methods of 
communication, as deemed necessary or appropriate by the Parties, including 
without limitation, telephone, video conference or email.
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) In the event there is a disagreement among the members of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee, the members of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall promptly present 
such issue in dispute to the relevant executive at Kinex and Hanmi who has 
the principal responsibility for the work under this Agreement. Once 
informed, the executives shall meet to discuss each partys view and to 
clarify the basis for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to 
resolve such dispute within thirty (30) days of such meeting, (i) such 
dispute shall be submitted to a panel of three independent experts agreed 
upon by Hanmi and Kinex if it is a clinical dispute, (ii) such dispute (if 
other than clinical) shall be submitted to arbitration if it is within the 
framework of this Agreement, or (iii) Kinexs decision shall be final and 
binding if such dispute is not clinical or within the framework of this 
Agreement and is applicable to issues only within the Territory. The 
arbitration shall be conducted in Singapore in accordance with the 
Singapore International Arbitration Centre Rules. If a disagreement or 
dispute under this Section results in a delay in Kinexs ability to meet 
any timeline provided for in this Agreement, such timeline shall be 
extended for a period of time equal to the length of such delay.

(d) The Development Steering and Commercialization Committee shall be 
responsible for (i) approval and amendment, from time to time, of the plan 
for Development and Commercialization, (ii) the protocols for Clinical 
Trials of any Licensed Product, (iii) approval of all contracts relating to 
the Development of any Licensed Product, (iv) the formulation used in 
respect of any Licensed Product, and (v) contracts relating to the 
Commercialization of any Licensed Product.
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 4

PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

4.1 Upfront Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, Kinex or its Affiliates 
shall pay to Hanmi US$***. Kinex or its Affiliates shall remit all 
applicable withholding taxes in or outside of the Territory required to be 
paid on behalf of Hanmi with respect to such payment and remit the net 
amount to Hanmi. The Parties shall cooperated and provide each other with 
all information and documentation required to take advantage of any 
applicable tax treaties to reduce the tax burden of each Party.

4.2 Royalties.

(a) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall 
calculate Hanmis aggregate interest in Net Profits under this Agreement 
based on its separate interest in the Net Profits from each Sublicense and 
from Direct Kinex Sales based upon the following tiered rates (Net Profits 
Interest(s)):

With respect to Oraxol, Hanmi shall have the following Net Profits 
Interests:

(i) For each Sublicense entered into prior to an IND submission for Oraxol 
to the SFDA                      ***%

(ii) For each Sublicense entered into after submission of an IND for Oraxol 
to the SFDA but prior to Completion of a Phase I Clinical Study             
         ***%

(iii) For each Sublicense entered into after Completion of a Phase I 
Clinical Study but prior to Completion of a Phase III Clinical Study        
              ***%

(iv) For each Sublicense entered into after Completion of a Phase III 
Clinical Study but prior to SFDA Regulatory Approval                      
***%

(v) For each Sublicense entered into after SFDA Regulatory Approval and 
with respect to all Direct Kinex Sales                      ***%
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
With respect to Oratecan, Hanmi shall have the following Net Profits 
Interests (which is the same as for Oraxol):

(vi) For each Sublicense entered into prior to an IND submission for 
Oratecan to the SFDA                      ***%

(vii) For each Sublicense entered into after submission of an IND for 
Oratecan to the SFDA but prior to Completion of a Phase I Clinical Study    
                  ***%

(viii) For each Sublicense entered into after Completion of a Phase I 
Clinical Study but prior to Completion of a Phase III Clinical Study        
              ***%

(ix) For each Sublicense entered into after Completion of a Phase Ill 
Clinical Study but prior to SFDA Regulatory Approval                      
***%

(x) For each Sublicense entered into after SFDA Regulatory Approval and 
with respect to all Direct Kinex Sales                      ***%

With respect to each Licensed Product other than Oraxol and Oratecan, Hanmi 
shall have the following Net Profits Interests
 
  	(i) 	For each Sublicense entered into prior to the date of the final 
toxicology report necessary for submission of an IND to SFDA                
      ***%
 
  	(ii) 	For each Sublicense entered into after the date of the final 
toxicology report necessary for submission of an IND to SFDA but prior to 
Completion of Phase I Clinical Study                      ***%
 
  	(iii) 	For each Sublicense entered into after Completion of a Phase I 
Clinical Study but prior NDA submission                      ***%
 
  	(iv) 	For each Sublicense entered into after NDA submission and with 
respect to all Direct Kinex Sales                      ***%
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) For each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall, 
pursuant to Section 4.3(a) pay to Hanmi a royalty equal to the sum of (i) 
Net Profits for each Sublicense and Net Profits from Direct Kinex Sales 
(including negative numbers) calculated in the current Calendar Quarter and 
multiplied by the applicable Net Profits Interest for each such Sublicense 
or Direct Kinex Sales minus (ii) all payments previously made to Hanmi in 
all preceding Calendar Quarters (Royalties).

(c) The Net Profits Interests set forth in 4.2(a)shall be (i) reduced by 
*** percent (***%) for a Licensed Product in the Territory in which Generic 
Competition exists and (ii) terminated for a Licensed Product in the 
Territory in which Substantial Generic Competition exists; provided, 
however, that if Substantial Level Generic Competition exists in the 
Territory for all Licensed Products, then the Agreement Term shall 
terminate with respect to the Territory, and no further Royalties shall be 
payable by Kinex to Hanmi in the Territory.

4.3 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within seventy five (75) days following the end of 
each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall submit to 
Hanmi an accounting report for such applicable Calendar Quarter within the 
Territory, which sets forth the Net Profits by Sublicense and Direct Kinex 
Sales, Royalties previously paid, and current Royalties payable by Kinex to 
Hanmi for such Calendar Quarter, with a breakdown of all revenues and 
expenses in any such calculations, in accordance with the definition of 
Net Profits. Any conversion to Dollars shall be calculated in accordance 
with Section 4.4(c). In the event of any royalty reduction during any 
Calendar Quarter due to Generic Competition in the Territory, the report 
for such Calendar Quarter shall also provide the basis for the
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
determination of such Generic Competition. Royalties shown to have accrued 
by each report shall be due and payable on the date such report is due. If 
the Net Profits used in the calculation of Royalties in any Calendar 
Quarter is subsequently adjusted, the adjustment shall be utilized in all 
subsequent calculations of Net Profits.

(b) Reports. Kinex shall also furnish Hanmi a written report for each 
Licensed Product in the Territory during the first four (4) Calendar 
Quarters commencing after the termination of the royalty obligations for 
such Licensed Product in the Territory stating the basis for Net Sales then 
being free of royalty obligations hereunder. Kinex shall thereafter have no 
further obligation to include in any written reports the Net Sales of such 
Licensed Product in such Territory for purposes of the royalty calculation 
for any Calendar Quarter. This obligation shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement in the Territory.

(c) Records. Each Party shall keep and require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to keep complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to 
permit accurate determination of all amounts necessary for calculation and 
verification of all payment obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a 
period of thirty six (36) months from the end of the relevant Calendar 
Quarter.

4.4 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account 
designated by Hanmi.

(b) Withholding Taxes. Kinex may deduct the amount of any taxes imposed on 
Hanmi which are required to be withheld or collected by Kinex, its 
Affiliates or sublicensees under the laws, rules or regulations of any 
country on amounts owing from Kinex to Hanmi hereunder. Any such taxes 
required to be withheld or collected shall be an expense of Hanmi. To the 
extent Kinex, its Affiliates or sublicensees pay such withholding taxes to 
the appropriate governmental authority on behalf of Hanmi; Kinex shall 
promptly deliver to Hanmi proof of payment of such taxes.
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing Royalties in the 
Territory, the Net Sales shall be converted to Dollars using the 
year-to-date average rate of exchange for Dollars used by Kinex for its 
internal financial accounting purposes; provided, however, that if for any 
reason conversion into Dollars cannot be made in the Territory, then 
notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.4(a), payment may be made in 
the currency of the Territory by deposit in the name of Hanmi in a bank 
account designated by it in the Territory.

(d) Financial Accounting Standards. Except as otherwise defined herein, all 
financial calculations by either Party under this Agreement shall be 
calculated in accordance with IFRS. In addition, all calculations shall 
give pro rata effect to and shall proportionally adjust (by giving effect 
to the number of applicable days in such Calendar Quarter) (i) for any 
Calendar Quarter that is shorter than a standard Calendar Quarter or any 
Calendar Year that is shorter than four (4) consecutive full Calendar 
Quarters, or (ii) as a result of a determination, in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, that the first or last day of such Calendar 
Quarter (including as a result of termination of this Agreement) shall be 
deemed other than the actual first or last day of such Calendar Quarter, or 
that the first or last day of such Calendar Year shall be deemed other than 
the actual first or last day of such Calendar Year.

4.5 Audits. Upon the written request of Hanmi, Kinex shall permit an 
independent certified public accounting firm of recognized standing, 
selected by Hanmi and acceptable by Kinex (provided that such accounting 
firm shall not be retained or compensated on a contingency basis and shall 
have entered into a confidentiality agreement with Hanmi in the form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Kinex), to have access not more than 
once in any Calendar Year, during normal business hours, to such of the 
records of Kinex as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of 
the reports under Section 4.3 hereof for any year ending not more than 
twenty four (24) months prior to the date of such request. The accounting 
firm shall disclose to Hanmi whether the reports are correct or incorrect, 
the specific details concerning any discrepancies (including the accuracy 
of the calculation of Net Profits and the resulting effect of such 
calculations on the amounts payable by Kinex under this Agreement) and such 
other information that should properly be contained in a report required 
under this Agreement (the Audit Report).
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed 
during such year, and Kinex agrees with such conclusion, then Kinex shall 
pay the additional payments, together with interest at the Prime Rate on 
the amount of such additional payments, within thirty (30) days of the date 
Hanmi delivers the Audit Report to Kinex. In the event that Kinex disagrees 
with the accounting firms conclusion, Kinex shall not have the obligation 
to make any additional payments to Hanmi until there is a mutual agreement 
of the Parties regarding the amount owed by Kinex. For the avoidance of 
doubt, Kinex is not obligated to pay any interest for the period during 
which the Parties were in dispute of the accounting firms conclusion and 
amount owed thereunder. In the event such accounting firm concludes that 
amounts were overpaid by Kinex during such period, Hanmi shall repay Kinex 
the amount of such overpayment, together with interest at the Prime Rate on 
the amount of such overpayment, within thirty (30) days of the date the 
auditing Party delivers to the audited Party such accounting firms Audit 
Report. The fees charged by such accounting firm shall be paid by Hanmi, 
provided, however, that if an error in favor of the Hanmi of more than five 
percent (5%) of the payments due hereunder for the period being reviewed is 
discovered, then the fees and expenses of the accounting firm shall be paid 
by Kinex.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty four (24) months following the end of any 
year for which Kinex or Hanmi has made payment in full of amounts payable 
with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence or willful 
misconduct of Kinex or Hanmi or a contrary finding by an accounting firm 
pursuant to Section 4.5(a), such calculation shall be binding and 
conclusive upon Kinex or Hanmi, and Kinex or Hanmi, as applicable, shall be 
released from any liability or accountability with respect to royalties or 
other payments for such year.

4.6 Right to Replace Payment Structure. Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary, Kinex agrees that Hanmi shall have a one-time 
option to replace the payment structure of this Agreement with the payment 
structure more fully described in Schedule 1.3. In the event Hanmi should 
so elect, the Parties agree to execute the amendment agreement attached 
hereto as Schedule 1.3, which provides that only the payment structure in 
this Article 4 shall be replaced and all other terms and conditions of this 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect against the Parties. Hanmi 
shall deliver written notice of such election to Kinex, and such election 
shall be effective as of January 1 of the Calendar Year beginning 
immediately following the date of receipt of such notice by Kinex.
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and is in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
formation, is qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign 
corporation in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or 
the ownership of its properties requires such qualification and failure to 
have such would prevent it from performing its obligations under this 
Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in 
effect having applicability to it or any provision of its charter or 
bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or constitute a default under any other 
agreement to which such Party is a party;

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, licenses, permits, consents 
and approvals, governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys 
obligations under this Agreement;

(f) Neither Party, nor any of its Affiliates, are a party to, or are 
otherwise bound by, any oral or written agreement that will result in any 
person or entity obtaining any interest in, or that would give to any Third 
Party any right to assert any claim in or with respect to, any of such 
Partys or the other Partys rights under this Agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.

5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Hanmi. Hanmi represents 
and warrants to Kinex that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) to Hanmis best 
knowledge, there is no Third Party infringement of any of the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property; (ii) the Hanmi Intellectual Property is in full 
force and effect where filed; (iii) the Hanmi Patent Rights where filed are 
not subject to any pending or threatened re-examination, re-issue, 
opposition, interference, challenge, litigation proceeding or other claim; 
and (iv) if Hanmi has not filed or prosecuted any patent applications with 
respect to the Hanmi Intellectual Property, Hanmi shall cause and ensure 
that Kinex is granted Data exclusivity under this Agreement in the 
Territory and shall perform all necessary requirements in connection 
therewith.
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Hanmi has not committed any act, or omitted to commit any act, that may 
cause the Hanmi Patent Rights where filed to expire prematurely or be 
declared invalid or unenforceable, or that stops Hanmi from enforcing the 
Hanmi Patent Rights where filed against any Third Party;

(c) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Hanmi has the sole right 
to use, disclose and enable Kinex to use and disclose (in each case under 
appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Hanmi Know-How; and (ii) the 
Hanmi Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, lien, 
license or claim of ownership by any Third Party;

(d) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Hanmi assign, transfer, 
encumber, dispose of, or grant rights in, or with respect to, the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property in a manner that is inconsistent with the rights 
granted to Kinex under this Agreement;

(e) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Hanmi, without Kinexs prior 
written consent, enter into any other agreements regarding the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property, any Compound or any Licensed Product for the Field 
within the Territory;

(f) The Data and information provided to Kinex or its Affiliates prior to 
the Effective Date relating to preclinical and clinical studies related to 
the Compound HM30181A has been accurate in all respects and Hanmi has made 
no misrepresentation or omission in connection with such Data and 
information. Hanmi has also provided Kinex or its Affiliates with access to 
complete summaries of all adverse events known to Hanmi relating to any 
Compound

(g) The Hanmi Intellectual Property listed in Schedule 1.2 is the complete 
and exhaustive list of all current intellectual property and proprietary 
rights of Hanmi necessary for the Development and Commercialization of the 
Licensed Products in the Territory.

5.3 Additional Agreements of Kinex. Kinex agrees that:

(a) unless otherwise determined by Hanmi, Kinex shall use its best effort 
to include Hanmi, at no cost to Hanmi, as a joint applicant to the Hong 
Kong government for the grant covering the Orascovery Program that will be 
applied for by Kinex.
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 6

PATENT MATTERS

6.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, as between the Parties:

(i) Hanmi shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder): (i) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights for the specified Territory 
granted to Kinex under this Agreement both within and outside the 
Territory; or (ii) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to 
practice or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the 
Territory as a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term 
solely by Hanmi employees, agents, or other persons acting under or 
pursuant to its authority; provided, however, during the Agreement Term, 
Kinex shall have the right to use such Intellectual Property developed 
solely by Hanmi employees, agents, or other persons acting under or 
pursuant to its authority within the Territory, free of charge, in 
collaborating with Hanmi in relation to the Orascovery Program. In the 
event Kinex wishes to use such Intellectual Property developed solely by 
Hanmi within the Territory for any purpose unrelated to the Orascovery 
Program, outside the Territory for any purpose, or after the expiration of 
the Agreement Term, Hanmi and Kinex shall discuss in good faith on the 
permissibility, scope, terms, and conditions of such use.
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(ii) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as 
a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term, solely by 
Kinexs employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority; provided, however, during the Agreement Term, Hanmi shall have 
the right to use such Intellectual Property developed solely by Kinex 
employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority within the Territory, free of charge, in collaborating with Kinex 
in relation to the Orascovery Program. In the event Hanmi wishes to use 
such Intellectual Property developed solely by Kinex within the Territory 
for any purpose unrelated to the Orascovery Program, outside the Territory 
for any purpose, or after the expiration of the Agreement Term, Kinex and 
Hanmi shall discuss in good faith on the permissibility, scope, terms, and 
conditions of such use.

(iii) Hanmi and Kinex shall jointly own all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as 
a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term jointly by 
Hanmi and Kinex employees, agents, or other persons acting under or 
pursuant to their authority (Jointly Owned Intellectual Property). With 
respect to Jointly Owned Intellectual Property, both Parties shall have the 
right to use such Intellectual Property within the Territory, free of 
charge, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Hanmi shall have the sole 
right to use the Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in all countries 
outside the Territory without accounting or payment to Kinex. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the right, title and interest of a Party in, or control 
of, the Jointly Owned Intellectual Property shall survive the termination 
and expiration of this Agreement.
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Hanmi and Kinex shall require all of its 
and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and corresponding 
patent applications that are discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to 
practice or generated by such employees during the Agreement Term to Hanmi 
and/or Kinex according to the ownership principles described in Section 
6.1(a) and subject to the laws of the country of employment. Each Party 
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to require any Third Parties 
working on the Phase I Clinical Study or any Development under the 
Agreement or who receive materials relating to a Licensed Product or 
Know-How from a Party, to assign or grant a sublicensable exclusive license 
on a fully paid-up, royalty-free basis to all inventions and corresponding 
Patent Rights that are developed, made or conceived by such Third Parties 
during the Agreement Term to Hanmi and/or Kinex according to the ownership 
principles described in Section 6.1(a).

6.2 Filing and Maintenance.

(a) Hanmi Patent Rights. Hanmi shall have the sole right to file and 
maintain the Hanmi Patent Rights in Hanmis name within and outside the 
Territory, by retaining patent counsel selected by Hanmi and shall be 
responsible for the payment of all costs and fees relating to patent filing 
and maintenance. Hanmi agrees to keep Kinex informed of the course of 
patent application or other proceedings and to furnish Kinex, per its 
request, with copies of office actions received by Hanmi from any 
Regulatory Authority within or outside the Territory concerning Hanmi 
Patent Rights. Hanmi shall also have the first right to file and maintain 
all Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in all countries outside the 
Territory. Kinex may request that Hanmi pay maintenance fees or make 
additional patent application filings within the Territory for the Hanmi 
Intellectual Property. If Hanmi elects not to pay such fees or make such 
filings within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such request, 
Kinex shall have the right to pay the fees or make the filing in the name 
of and as agent for Hanmi. In such event, Kinex shall be responsible for 
the payment of all costs and fees relating to such patent filing and 
maintenance.

(b) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the sole right to file and 
maintain the Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs name or the name of its 
Affiliates within and outside the Territory by retaining patent
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
counsel selected by Kinex and shall be responsible for the payment of all 
costs and fees relating to patent filing and maintenance. Kinex agrees to 
keep Hanmi informed of the course of patent application or other 
proceedings and to furnish Hanmi, per its request, with copies of office 
actions received by Kinex from any Regulatory Authority outside the 
Territory concerning Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex or its Affiliates shall 
also have the first right to file and maintain all Jointly Owned 
Intellectual Property in the Territory. Kinex hereby grants a right of 
first refusal to Hanmi for any Kinex Patent Rights required by the Licensed 
Products for which Kinex intends to grant any right or license outside the 
Territory and outside any territories licensed to its Affiliates. Kinex 
shall provide Hanmi with written notice of the terms on which Kinex 
proposes to license such Kinex Patent Rights outside the Territory and 
outside any territories licensed to its Affiliates, and Hanmi shall have 
ninety (90) days from the date of receipt of such written notice to send a 
written reply to Kinex indicating its desire to license such Kinex Patent 
Rights on the terms contained in Kinexs written notice. If Hanmi does not 
respond within the ninety (90) days, Kinex shall be free to license such 
Kinex Patent Rights to third parties outside the Territory and outside any 
territories licensed to its Affiliates on the terms and conditions 
contained in the written notice sent to Hanmi.

(c) The responsible Party under this Section 6.2 shall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within and 
outside the Territory in reasonably sufficient time prior to the filing 
thereof, and the responsible Party shall take into account the other 
Partys reasonable comments related thereto. Each Party shall execute all 
documents and take all actions as are reasonably requested by the other 
Party with respect to any filings and registrations.

6.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory or outside the 
Territory of any patent included in the Hanmi Patent Rights and Kinex 
Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Products or Jointly Owned 
Intellectual Property (collectively, the Parties Patent Rights), which 
comes to such Partys attention.
 
37
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Infringement of Parties Patent Rights within the Territory. The Party 
whose Patent Rights have been infringed upon shall have the first right, 
but not the obligation, to initiate and prosecute such legal action in the 
Territory at its own cost and expense and in its own name, or to control 
the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the Territory relating to 
its Patent Rights, and such Party shall provide the other Party with 
reasonable notice of any such action it commences and keep the other Party 
reasonably informed of any significant developments in such action; 
provided, however, for infringement of Jointly Owned Intellectual Property 
within the Territory, any legal action shall be taken jointly by Hanmi and 
Kinex and the cost and expenses for such legal action shall be shared 
equally. Each Party shall render, at its expense, all assistance reasonably 
requested in connection with any action taken by the other Party or to 
prevent such infringement (including reasonable attorneys fees). However, 
the control of such action, including whether to initiate any legal 
proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall be under the control of the 
Party whose Patent Rights have been infringed; provided that such Party 
shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that adversely 
affects the other Partys rights under this Agreement or rights in Patent 
Rights or which results in any monetary payment by or financial loss to 
such other Party, without the other Partys prior written consent, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) If a Party elects not to initiate and prosecute an infringement or 
defend a declaratory judgment action in the Territory as provided in 
Section 6.3(b) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such 
potential infringement, then Hanmi and Kinex shall discuss and agree on 
whether to take such action that is reasonably necessary and appropriate to 
terminate or prevent such infringement, including instituting an 
infringement proceeding and whether such action will be taken jointly by 
Hanmi and Kinex (in which case the cost and expense shall be shared 
equally) or by the other Party on its own (in which case the cost and 
expense shall be borne by such other Party), provided, however, that even 
if it is agreed that the other Party is to take such action on its own, 
such other Party shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of any 
claim relating to the subject Patent Rights licensed hereunder or which 
results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to the Party 
that owns the Patent Rights, without such Partys prior written consent, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
38
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) Infringement of Parties Patent Rights outside the Territory. The Party 
whose Patent Rights have been infringed shall have the sole right to 
initiate and prosecute any legal action outside the Territory with respect 
to such Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Products at its own cost and 
expense and in its own name, or to control the defense of any declaratory 
judgment action outside the Territory relating to such Patent Rights; 
provided, however, for infringement of Jointly Owned Intellectual Property 
outside the Territory, any legal action shall be taken jointly by Hanmi and 
Kinex and the cost and expenses for such legal action shall be shared 
equally. Notwithstanding, the Party whose Patent Rights are not the subject 
of infringement shall be given an opportunity to participate in the 
prosecution or other legal action and if such other Party agrees to 
participate, then the cost and expenses for such legal action shall be 
shared equally.

(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.3 within 
or outside the Territory, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide 
each other with any information or assistance that either reasonably may 
request. Title to or responsibility for any recovery, award, damages, 
settlement, future royalty payments to Third Parties or other liability as 
a result of any such action or settlement shall be determined based on the 
cost responsibility principle set forth in Section 6.3(b), (c) and (d).

6.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) Infringement of Third Party Intellectual Property within the Territory
. In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the practice by 
either Party of the Parties Patent Rights infringes the intellectual 
property rights of any Third Party in the Territory, such Party shall 
promptly notify the other Party. The Parties shall thereafter discuss the 
situation, and to the extent reasonably necessary, attempt to agree on a 
course of action.
 
39
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Regardless of who initiates and defends such legal action in the 
Territory, the Parties agree that in the event such legal action arises out 
of a claim solely relating to Hanmi Patent Rights, then the cost for such 
legal action and all damages awarded or settlement payments made (including 
future royalty or similar payments) to such Third Party shall be for 
Hanmis account. If such legal action arises out of claim solely relating 
to Kinex Patent Rights, then the cost for such legal action and all damages 
awarded or settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar 
payments) to such Third Party shall be for Kinexs account. For legal 
action relating to Jointly Owned Intellectual Property, the cost for such 
legal action and all damages awarded or settlement payments made (including 
future royalty or similar payments) to such Third Party shall be shared 
equally by the Parties.

(c) Infringement of Third Party Intellectual Property outside the Territory
. The Party whose Patent Rights are the subject of an infringement claim 
outside the Territory shall have the sole right, but not the obligation to 
defend any action related to the intellectual property rights outside the 
Territory of any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action 
outside the Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any 
Third Party at its own cost and expense and in its own name; provided, 
however, for claims of infringement by Jointly Owned Intellectual Property 
outside the Territory, any legal action shall be taken jointly by Hanmi and 
Kinex and the cost and expenses for such legal action shall be shared 
equally. Notwithstanding, the Party whose Patent Rights are not the subject 
of infringement shall be given an opportunity to participate in the defense 
or other legal action and if such other Party agrees to participate, then 
the cost and expenses for such legal action shall be shared equally. Each 
Party shall render, at its own expense, all assistance reasonably requested 
in connection with any action taken by the other Party. However, the 
control of such action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding 
and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of such 
other Party. Title to or responsibility for any recovery, award, damages, 
settlement, future royalty payments to Third Parties or other liability as 
a result of any such action or settlement shall be determined based on the 
cost responsibility principal set forth in Section 6.4(c).
 
40
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
6.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in the Territory where applicable and 
where desired by Kinex. Elections with respect to obtaining such extension 
or supplemental protection certificates shall be made in the same manner 
and with the same relative priorities between the Parties as is applicable 
to the prosecution and maintenance of Patent Rights pursuant to Section 
6.2.

6.6 Patent Marking. Kinex shall mark, and shall require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products sold or distributed pursuant to 
this Agreement in accordance with the applicable patent statutes or 
regulations in the country or countries of manufacture and/or sale thereof.


ARTICLE 7

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

7.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party or used for any 
purpose except as expressly permitted herein without the prior written 
consent of the Party that disclosed the Proprietary Information to the 
other Party during the term of this Agreement and for a period of ten (10) 
years thereafter. The foregoing nondisclosure and non-use obligations shall 
not apply to the extent that such Proprietary Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by records.
 
41
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
7.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 7.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies in order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market a Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by Kinex to its agents, consultants, sublicensees or Affiliates in 
connection with the Development or Commercialization, or to otherwise 
enable Kinex to fulfill its obligations and responsibilities under this 
Agreement, on the condition that such entities agree to be bound by 
confidentiality obligations consistent with this Agreement; or

(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order; provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.

(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the nature and text of such release, announcement, or other 
disclosure, and shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party 
agrees to provide to the other Party a copy of any such press release or 
other public announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall 
have the right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty eight (48) 
hours) review and recommend changes to any such press release or other
 
42
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
public announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of 
review and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has previously been 
disclosed unless there have been material developments relating to any 
Licensed Product since the date of the previous disclosure; provided, 
further, that each Party shall provide to the other Party reasonable 
advance notice of any such subsequent disclosure. Without limiting the 
generality of any of the foregoing, it is understood that the Parties or 
their Affiliates may make disclosure of this Agreement and the terms hereof 
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the CSRC, the US Securities 
and Exchange Commission, other governmental authority, or securities 
exchange, may file this Agreement as an exhibit to any filing with the 
CSRC, the US Securities and Exchange Commission, other governmental 
authority, or securities exchange, and may distribute any such filing in 
the ordinary course of its business, provided, further, that to the maximum 
extent allowable by the rules and regulations of the CSRC, the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and except as required by applicable Laws, Hanmi and 
Kinex shall seek to redact any confidential information set forth in such 
filings, and each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted version of 
this Agreement to the other Party no less than five (5) Business Days prior 
to filing with the CSRC, the US Securities and Exchange Commission, other 
governmental authority, or securities exchange, and give reasonable 
consideration to the other Partys comments regarding any proposed 
redaction.

7.3 Publications. Kinex shall not submit for written or oral publication 
any manuscript, abstract or the like relating to any Compound or any 
Licensed Product, without the prior approval or written request of Hanmi. 
If Kinex desires to submit such publication, it shall first deliver to 
Hanmi, for Hanmis prior written consent, the proposed publication or an 
outline of the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days prior to planned 
submission or presentation.

7.4 Publicity: Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
Sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any Sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed: provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange, government authority, the CSRC, the US Securities 
and Exchange Commission, or any stockholders letter to private investors.
 
43
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 8

TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date. Thereafter, unless terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 8.2 below, this Agreement shall extend for a period which may 
expire upon the earliest to occur of either (i) the expiration of the last 
of the Hanmi Patent Rights in the Territory or (ii) invalidation of 
substantially all of the Hanmi Patent Rights in the Territory (the 
Agreement Term). Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence of 
(i) or (ii) above, the Agreement Term shall automatically be extended for 
consecutive one (1) year periods subject to the same terms and conditions 
set forth herein (unless agreed otherwise) unless either Party gives 
written notice of its intention not to extend the Agreement Term: (i) at 
least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date of the Hanmi Patent 
Rights; or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the case of an 
invalidation claim; and (iii) at least ninety (90) days prior to the then 
current expiration date of the Agreement thereafter.

8.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) Termination by Agreement.

This Agreement may be terminated in whole or in part upon mutual written 
agreement of the Parties.
 
44
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Termination by Kinex.

Kinex may terminate in whole or in part this Agreement in its sole 
discretion upon not less than six (6) months prior written notice of 
termination provided any time after the Effective Date (provided, however, 
that no such termination shall be effective until the Completion of any 
then Ongoing Clinical Studies). The cost involved during the six (6) months 
on top of completing the Ongoing Clinical Studies will also be borne by 
Kinex. In addition, if any milestone is met per the Clinical Studies prior 
to the final termination date, Kinex will also be responsible for the 
milestone payment.

(c) Termination by Either Party.

Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement prior 
to expiration of the Agreement Term in the event that any of the following 
occurs:

(i) The other Party (as used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) 
shall have materially breached or defaulted in the performance of any of 
its material obligations hereunder (including a breach of the 
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement), and has not 
cured such breach within (i) thirty (30) days after notice of such breach 
is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach is a non-payment of 
any amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good 
faith (which shall be deemed a material breach of a material obligation) or 
(ii) sixty (60) days after notice of such breach is provided to the 
Breaching Party for other cases of breach (or, if such default cannot be 
cured within such sixty (60) day period, if the Breaching Party does not 
commence and diligently continue actions to cure such default during such 
sixty (60) day period). The termination shall become effective at the end 
of the (i) thirty (30) day period in case the breach is a non-payment of 
any amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good 
faith if the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or 
(ii) for other cases of breach, sixty (60) day period unless (a) the
 
45
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Breaching Party cures such breach during such sixty (60) day period, or (b) 
if such breach is not susceptible to cure within such sixty (60) day 
period, the Breaching Party has commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure 
(unless such breach, by its nature, is incurable, in which case the 
Agreement may not be terminated unless the Breaching Party fails to use its 
best commercially reasonable efforts to prevent a similar subsequent 
breach). The right of either Hanmi or Kinex to terminate this Agreement as 
provided in this Section 8.2(c)(i) shall not he affected in any way by such 
Partys waiver or failure to take action with respect to any previous 
breach or default.

(ii) The other Party stops or suspends payment of all or a class of its 
debts, becomes insolvent or sells or parts with possession of the whole or 
a major part of its assets or major undertaking.

(iii) An application or order is made, proceedings are commenced, a 
resolution is passed or proposed in a notice of meeting or an application 
to a court or other steps are taken (other than frivolous or vexatious 
applications, proceedings, notice or steps) for the winding up or 
dissolution of the other Party or for it to enter an arrangement, 
compromise or composition with or assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors, a class of them or any of them.

(iv) The Parties agree in writing to terminate this Agreement.

8.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. 
In addition to any other provisions of this Agreement which by their terms 
continue after the expiration of this Agreement, the provisions of 
Articles3.3(h),6, 7, 9 and 10 shall survive the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement and shall continue in effect after the date of expiration 
or termination for the longer of (i) five (5) years or (ii) the respective 
periods specified therein. Any expiration or early termination of this 
Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of any Party
 
46
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
against the other accrued or accruing under this Agreement prior to 
termination. Except as expressly set forth herein, the rights to terminate 
as set forth herein shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies 
available under this Agreement, at law, or in equity, or otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Hanmi under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date at which 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum is mutually determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, Kinex and its 
Affiliates shall have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the stock 
of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on hand or in process of 
manufacture as of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Within 
thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination or expiration of 
this Agreement, Kinex shall notify Hanmi of the amount of each Licensed 
Product Kinex and its Affiliates then have on hand or in the process of 
manufacture and shall have the right to sell in the Territory, its 
remaining stock of Licensed Product until all of it is sold; provided, 
however, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to such 
Licensed Product so sold. Hanmi hereby grants a non-exclusive license to 
Kinex as necessary to sell such Licensed Product in the Territory, subject 
to payment of all related amounts due under this Agreement. Any remaining 
quantities of Licensed Product not sold, at Kinexs election, may be (i) 
destroyed by Kinex at Kinexs cost, (ii) sold to Hanmi at Kinexs 
procurement cost for such Licensed Product, or (iii) sold to customers in 
the Territory.

(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Hanmis request, Kinex shall promptly 
transfer and return to Hamni copies of all Data, reports, records and 
materials in Kinexs possession or control that relate to all Compounds or 
Licensed Products and return to Hanmi all relevant records and materials in 
Kinexs possession or control
 
47
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
containing Proprietary Information of Hanmi (provided that Kinex may keep 
one copy of such Proprietary Information of Hanmi for archival purposes 
only); (ii) Kinex shall transfer to Hanmi ownership of any INDs, Regulatory 
Approvals, Drug Approval Applications and any other regulatory filings or 
submissions made or filed for any Licensed Product by Kinex or its 
designees; (iii) Hanmi shall promptly return to Kinex all relevant records 
and materials in Hanmis possession or control containing Proprietary 
Information of Kinex (provided that, Hanmi may keep one copy of such 
Proprietary Information of Kinex for archival purposes only); and (iv) all 
Sublicenses between Kinex and Third Parties shall survive the termination 
or expiration of this Agreement and shall be assigned by Kinex to Hanmi.

(e) If Kinex becomes insolvent or contemplates the filing for bankruptcy 
under bankruptcy laws of Hong Kong prior to Regulatory Approval or 
comparable laws providing for liquidation or other debtor protection of 
Kinex, Kinex shall immediately inform Hanmi in writing of such situation, 
in which case Hanmi shall have the right to buy back all rights under this 
Agreement for $***. If Kinex files for bankruptcy or other debtor 
protection under the bankruptcy laws of Hong Kong after Regulatory 
Approval, Hanmi would have the right to buy back all rights under this 
Agreement at a price equal to the fair market value and Kinex shall 
cooperate with Hanmi to ensure that such buy back is consummated, subject 
to the applicable laws. Fair market value would be determined by a Hong 
Kong based investment banking firm agreed to by Hanmi and Kinex and 
approved by the bankruptcy court.


ARTICLE 9

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

9.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 9, Hanmi Indemnified Parties 
refers to Hanmi, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Hanmi and its 
Affiliates, and Kinex Indemnified Parties refers to Kinex, its Affiliates 
and officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents and successors and 
assigns of Kinex and its Affiliates.
 
48
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.2 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the Hanmi Indemnified Parties 
from and against all suits, claims, actions, demands, complaints, lawsuits 
or other proceedings, (collectively, Claims), that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Hanmi Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses, that arise out of or are attributable to, (i) Kinexs negligence, 
recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing any of its 
rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by 
Kinex of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants 
under this Agreement within the Territory; provided, however, that Kinex 
shall not be obligated under this Section 9.2, to the extent it is shown by 
evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject 
matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the 
Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of Hanmi.

9.3 Hanmi Indemnification. Hanmi shall defend the Kinex Indemnified Parties 
from and against all Claims, in each case that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses that arise out of such Claims that are attributable to, (i) Hanmis 
negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing 
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material 
breach by Hanmi of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or 
covenants under this Agreement outside the Territory provided, however, 
that Hanmi shall not be obligated under this Section 9.3, to the extent it 
is shown by evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over 
the subject matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such 
Claim that the Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part 
of Kinex.

9.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
9.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably
 
49
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
request. The Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss 
how to respond to such Claim. Failure to provide prompt notice shall not 
relieve any Party of the duty to defend or indemnify unless such failure 
materially prejudices the defense of any matter. Each Party agrees that it 
will take reasonable steps to minimize the burdens of the litigation on 
witnesses and on the ongoing business of the Indemnified Parties including 
making reasonable accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and 
seeking appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location 
of depositions.

(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 9.4(a), is 
an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing written 
notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain counsel and 
timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such event, such 
other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however, that such 
other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an indemnified 
Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) Business Days 
notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to assume the 
defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this Agreement. If it 
is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to indemnification, the 
Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

9.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under Sections 
9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the consent of the other Party; provided, however
, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, without the written consent of the 
other Party, as part of any settlement or compromise (i) admit to liability 
on the part of the other Party; (ii) agree to an injunction against the 
other Party; or (ii) settle any matter in a manner that separately 
apportions fault to the other Party. The Parties further agree that as part 
of the settlement of any Indemnified Claim, an Indemnifying Party shall 
obtain a full, complete and unconditional release from the claimant on 
behalf of the Indemnified Parties.
 
50
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.6 Insurance.

(a) Kinex shall maintain in the Territory, commencing as of the Effective 
Date, commercial general liability insurance (including coverage for 
product liability, contractual liability, bodily injury, property damage 
and personal injury), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
Hanmi and in accordance with reasonable industry standards, with minimum 
limits of $5,000,000 per occurrence or, in case of Clinical Studies, 
$5,000,000 per occurrence during the period when such Clinical Studies are 
being conducted (the Insurance). If such Insurance is written on a 
claims-made form, it shall continue for three (3) years following 
termination of this Agreement. The Insurance shall have retroactive date to 
or coinciding with the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Kinex 
may satisfy the foregoing obligation with respect to the Insurance through 
self-insurance.

(b) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of all Licensed Products 
in and for the Territory. During the Agreement Term, Kinex shall not permit 
such Insurance to be reduced, expired, materially amended or canceled 
during the period of the Insurance and/or the Agreement without reasonable 
prior written notice that shall be sent by registered mail to Hanmi. Upon 
request Kinex shall provide certificates of insurance to Hanmi evidencing 
the coverage specified herein.

(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) The Insurance shall contain an explicit clause, stating that each Party 
and its insurer waive their rights of subrogation against the other Party 
and its directors, employees and/or any one on its behalf with respect to 
the Insurance. Such waiver shall not apply in the event of a malicious act.

(e) The Insurance shall be primary to any other insurance maintained by 
each Party and each Party hereby waives any claim or demand as to 
participation in any such other insurance.

(f) The Insurance shall be valid in any location worldwide regarding the 
activities performed by each Party hereunder (including worldwide 
jurisdictions) for any destination or lawsuit which will be served against 
the other Party.
 
51
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE.


ARTICLE 10

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including 
fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of 
war (whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

10.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party: provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement in
 
52
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
whole or in part to an Affiliate. In addition, Hanmi may assign this 
Agreement in connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all of 
its assets or in the event of a merger, or consolidation upon prior written 
notice to the Kinex only if Hanmi warrants and ensures and the successor 
entity agrees to assume all (and not less than all) of the transferring 
Partys responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding, any assignment permitted under this Agreement shall not 
relieve the transferring Party of its responsibilities for performance of 
its obligations under this Agreement as a primary obligor. This Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and 
permitted assigns of the Parties. Any assignment not in accordance with 
this Agreement shall be void.

10.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or application thereof in good 
faith in order to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative to the term, 
covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof that is 
invalid or unenforceable, it being the intent of the Parties that the basic 
purposes of this Agreement are to be effectuated.

10.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by e-mail, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.

(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this
 
53
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Agreement) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when 
delivered in person, or sent by overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), 
postage prepaid, or by facsimile or email confirmed by prepaid registered 
or certified air mail letter, return receipt requested, to the following 
addresses of the Parties (or to such other address or addresses as may be 
specified from time to time in a written notice), and shall be deemed to 
have been properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written 
communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex or Kinex US to:

KINEX THERAPEUTICS (HK) LIMITED
Hong Kong Address:
11/F, AXA Centre 151 Gloucester Road
Hong Kong

And

US Address:
701 Ellicott Street
Buffalo, New York 14203
USA
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: +1-716-849-6651

if to Hanmi to:

HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
14, Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu
Seoul 138-724
South Korea
Attention: Director, Clinical Development & Licensing
Fax No.: +82-2-410-9278
 
54
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by email facsimile on a Business Day, upon 
confirmed delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so 
delivered, and on the third Business Day following the date of mailing if 
sent by registered or certified air mail.

10.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the 
provisions of this Agreement are not performed in all material respects or 
otherwise are breached. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of 
this Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms 
and provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal 
having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any 
bond or other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in 
addition to any other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law 
or in equity. Any such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined 
in any court sitting in Singapore or other court of competent jurisdiction 
in the Territory, and the Parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such action or proceeding and 
irrevocably waive any defense of any inconvenient forum or alternative 
forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding, including any 
decision by such court regarding the substantive issues involved in the 
underlying dispute.

10.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

10.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York. The United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
 
55
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Goods shall not apply in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement. Except as provide in Section 10.5, with regard 
to actions of specific performance, all disputes which arise in connection 
with this Agreement and its interpretation shall be settled in amicable way 
between the Parties. If the dispute cannot be settled in an amicable 
manner, it will be settled by arbitration to be held in Republic of 
Singapore in conformity with commercial arbitration rules of the 
International Chamber of Commerce. The award rendered by arbitration shall 
be final and binding upon the Parties hereto.

10.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.

10.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.

10.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.

10.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.
 
56
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
10.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

10.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.

10.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party, including any creditor of either 
Party hereto. No such Third Party shall obtain any right under any 
provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons of any such provision make 
any claim in respect of any debt, liability or obligation (or otherwise) 
against either Party hereto.

10.15 Guarantee by Kinex US.

(a) Kinex US guarantees to Hanmi the due and punctual performance by Kinex 
of each and all of the obligations, duties and undertakings of Kinex under 
and pursuant to this Agreement when and if such obligations, duties and 
undertakings shall become due and performable according to the terms of 
this Agreement to the extent permitted by the applicable laws in the event 
that Kinex shall fail or be unable to perform such obligations, duties and 
undertakings for any reason whatsoever.

(b) Without prejudice to the above, if Kinex shall in any respect fail to 
perform or commit any breach of its obligations, duties and/or undertakings 
hereunder, then Kinex US shall fully indemnify Hanmi against all losses, 
damages, costs and expenses which may be incurred by Hanmi by reason of any 
omission or default on the part of Kinex in performing and observing this 
Agreement.
 
57
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and, accordingly, shall remain 
in operation until all obligations, warranties, duties and undertakings now 
or hereafter to be carried out or performed by Kinex under this Agreement 
shall have been satisfied or performed in full and is in addition to and 
not in substitution for any other right Hanmi may have at law or in equity 
and may be enforced without first having taken any steps or proceedings 
against Kinex.

(d) Kinex US hereby agrees that Hanmi and Kinex may amend or revise this 
Agreement, and this guarantee shall remain valid to the amendment or 
revisions referred hereto. The obligations of Kinex US shall not be 
effected by any amendment or revision of this Agreement.

(e) Kinex US undertakes not to raise any dispute on any claim made by Hanmi 
under this guarantee.

(f) In addition, Kinex US covenants and agrees that it shall not sell a 
Controlling Interest in Kinex while Kinex is the licensee under this 
Agreement. For purposes of the foregoing, a Controlling Interest shall 
mean legal or beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the voting power of 
the outstanding securities of Kinex. Any sale of a Controlling Interest in 
Kinex while Kinex is the licensee under this Agreement shall require the 
prior written consent of Hanmi and Hanmi shall not withheld its approval 
for more than twenty one (21) days without reasonable ground. If a 
Liquidity Event occurs during this Agreement, the conduct or result in such 
Liquidity Event shall in no way affect the validity, enforceability or 
maintenance of all provisions of this Agreement.

(g) Nothing contained in this Section 10.15 shall prohibit the assignment 
of this Agreement by Kinex to Kinex US or its Affiliates
 
58
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX THERAPEUTICS (HK) LIMITED
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Gwan Sun Lee
Title: 	  	President and CEO
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (only with respect to Section 10.15)
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
 
59
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.1 	   	DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND
SCHEDULE 1.2 	   	HANMI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
SCHEDULE 1.3 	   	AMENDMENT AGREEMENT
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.1

DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND HM30181A

***

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.2

HANMI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Table 1. List of the Hanmi Intellectual Property in China
 
Patent
Type
  	
Title
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application #
(Parent Filing or
Application Date)
  	
Publication #
(Date of
publication)
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 
* 	Currently, KR2012-0145603 is not entered into national phase yet.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.3

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment Agreement) is made and entered 
into as of June 28, 2013 (Effective Date), by and between KINEX 
THERAPEUTICS (HK) LIMITED, a corporation organized and existing under the 
laws of Hong Kong and having its principal office at 11/F, AXA Centre, 151 
Gloucester Road, Hong Kong (Kinex) and HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD., a 
publicly traded company existing under the laws of South Korea and having 
its principal office at 14, Wiryeseong-daero, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 138-724 
South Korea (Hanmi).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Hanmi owns or Controls the Hanmi Intellectual Property and is 
developing Compounds for improved absorption for oral drug dosing;

WHEREAS, Hanmi is currently licensing the Hanmi Intellectual Property to 
Kinex Therapeutics (HK) Limited, a Hong Kong corporation and a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Kinex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., previously known as Kinex 
Pharmaceuticals, LLC (Kinex US), for the territory of Mainland China 
(China License);

WHEREAS, Hanmi has previously licensed the Hanmi Intellectual Property in 
other territories to Kinex US (Kinex US License); and

WHEREAS, according to the China License, Hanmi and Kinex agree to enter 
into this Amendment Agreement.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

All capitalized terms used in this Amendment Agreement and not defined 
herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the China License.


ARTICLE 2

AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE 4 OF THE CHINA LICENSE

In accordance with the China License, Hanmi and Kinex agree that Section 
4.2 of the China License shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
portions of Section 4.3 of the Kinex US License as follow:


4.2 Royalties.

(a) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall pay 
to Hanmi a royalty on annual (Calendar Year) aggregate Net Sales of 
Licensed Product by Kinex or its Affiliates based upon the following tiered 
royalty rates (annual Net Sales is the aggregated total of all sales in the 
Territory):
 
  	(i) 	For the amount of such annual Net Sales US < $***M                  
   ***%
 
  	(ii) 	For the amount of such annual Net Sales >US$***M                   
  ***%

For example, if the annual Net Sales for a given year is US $70M, then 
Kinex shall pay a royalty of ***% on the first US $***M and ***% on the 
remaining US $***M.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) The tiered royalty rates set forth above shall be (i) reduced by *** 
percent (***%)for a Licensed Product if Generic Competition exists in the 
Territory and (ii) terminated for a Licensed Product for which Substantial 
Generic Competition exists in the Territory; provided, however, that if 
Substantial Level Generic Competition exists for all Licensed Products in 
the Territory, then the Royalty Term and Agreement Term shall terminate and 
no further royalties shall be payable by Kinex to Hanmi in the Territory.

(c) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Kinex shall pay 
to Hanmi a royalty on annual (Calendar Year) aggregate Net Sales of all 
Licensed Products by all sublicensees equal to the lesser of (i) *** 
Percent (***%) of all royalties payable by the sublicensees to Kinex based 
on Net Sales of the sublicensee as provided for in the applicable 
sublicense agreement or (ii) the amount payable if such royalty is 
calculated under Section 4.2(a) based on the Net Sales of the sublicensee.


ARTICLE 3

APPLICATION OF CHINA LICENSE

3.1 Except as otherwise specifically stated in this Amendment Agreement, 
all of the terms and conditions of the China License shall remain in full 
force and effect and continue to apply, mutatis mutandis, to this Amendment 
Agreement.

3.2 This Amendment Agreement shall continue in force and effect as long as 
the China License remains in force and effect.

3.3 For further clarity, the Parties agree that this Amendment Agreement 
constitutes a valid written amendment to the China License, pursuant to 
Section 10.8 thereof.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Johnson YN Lau
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Gwan Sun Lee
Title: 	  	President and CEO
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.