 EX-10.10 18 d201422dex1010.htm EX-10.10
Exhibit 10.10

Execution Copy

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

and

PHARMAESSENTIA CORP

8 December, 2011
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	13 	  
 ARTICLE 3 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
 REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	14 	  
 ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	23 	  
 ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	29 	  
 ARTICLE 6 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	32 	  
 ARTICLE 7 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	41 	  
 ARTICLE 8 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	45 	  
 ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	49 	  
 ARTICLE 10 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	53 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of 8th December, 2011 
(Effective Date), by and between KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC, a limited 
liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of New 
York and having its principal office at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New 
York 14203, USA (Kinex) and PHARMAESSENTIA CORP, a privately-held company 
existing under the laws of the Taiwan and having its principal office at 
13F, No. 3 YuanQu Street, Nankang District, Taipei 115, TAIWAN 
(PharmaEssentia).


B A C K G R O U N D:

Kinex owns or Controls the Kinex Intellectual Property of KX01 (also known 
as KX2-391) and KX02 (also known as KX2-361) and is developing the 
Compounds for oncology and other indications;

PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates have experience in the development, 
marketing, promotion and sale of topical pharmaceutical products for 
dermatology conditions predominately in Asia; and PharmaEssentia desires to 
obtain the exclusive right and license in the Territory to further develop 
and thereafter commercialize a Licensed Product for indications in the 
Field (as such capitalized terms are hereinafter defined); and Kinex 
desires to grant to PharmaEssentia such exclusive right and license in the 
Territory, all on the terms and conditions set forth below.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

1.2 Affiliate means with respect to a Party (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly or 
indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof.

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a).

1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.

1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, that the first Calendar Quarter of any period specified 
under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such period to 
the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and the last 
Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2011, and for 
each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and 
ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 CFR means the United States Code of Federal Regulations.

1.9 cGMP means current good manufacturing practices.

1.10 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

1.11 Clinical Studies means any clinical studies of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.

1.12 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or pre-launch activities.
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.13 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential; and for this 
Agreement, with respect to Regulatory Approval and First Commercial Sale of 
Licensed Product, means completion of a proof of concept study by December 
31, 2013, commencement of a Phase III Clinical Study by September 30, 2015, 
filing an application for Regulatory Approval in either Taiwan or Mainland 
China by December 31, 2016, and achieving First Commercial Sale of Licensed 
Product in each country in the Territory within 60 days of the Regulatory 
Approval in such country in the Territory; provided, however, Kinex shall 
grant a six month extension on the foregoing timelines at the reasonable 
request of PharmaEssentia.

1.14 Completion means, with respect to any Clinical Study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.15 Compound(s) means singly and collectively the Src/tubulin 
inhibitors, KX-01 (also known as KX2-391) and KX-02 (also known as KX2- 
361), both as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto, and any 
pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, solvates, amides, prodrugs and 
esters of the foregoing, or mixtures thereof.

1.16 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.17 Copyright means the right granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data 
and/or all other similar documentation necessary or useful for the 
Development or Commercialization of the Compounds or Licensed Products.

1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to the Compounds or Licensed Products which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of the Compounds or 
Licensed Products, including any other pre-launch activities.

1.20 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

1.21 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.22 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in a regulatory 
jurisdiction.

1.23 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.

1.24 Field means psoriasis and other non-malignant skin conditions.

1.25 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in a country in the Territory by PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees after receipt of Regulatory Approval in such country or, where 
Regulatory Approval is not required, then the first sale for end use or 
consumption of a Licensed Product to a Third Party in that country in the 
Territory in connection with the nationwide introduction of such Licensed 
Product in that country in the Territory by PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates 
or sublicensees.
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.26 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a specific Licensed 
Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two (2) 
immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a market 
share in the applicable country of at least thirty percent (30%) of the 
then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and Generic 
Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially introduced in 
such country and the Net Sales by PharmaEssentia of the applicable Licensed 
Product in the applicable country decrease by at least thirty percent (30%) 
with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) 
Calendar Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately preceding the 
beginning of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.27 Generic Product means any pharmaceutical product that is (i) sold by 
a Third Party that is not a licensee or Sublicensee of PharmaEssentia or 
its Affiliates or sublicensees, under a marketing authorization granted by 
a Regulatory Authority to such Third Party, (ii) contains one of the 
Compounds as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, and (iii) is approved in 
reliance on the prior approval of a Licensed Product as determined by the 
applicable Regulatory Authority in the applicable country.

1.28 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board, consistently applied.

1.29 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any of its Affiliates pursuant to activities 
relating to or contemplated by this Agreement during the Agreement Term, 
that are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of 
the Compounds or Licensed Product for use in the Field including 
developments in the manufacture, formulation, ingredients, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, indication, 
methods of use or packaging and/or sale of the Compounds or Licensed 
Product.
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.30 IND means an Investigational New Drug application, this carries the 
same meaning in each of the countries in the Territory similar to what is 
described in the United States in 21 C.F.R. Section 312.23, obtained for 
purposes of conducting Clinical Studies in accordance with the requirements 
of the Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including all 
supplements and amendments thereto relating to the use of the Compounds or 
Licensed Product in the Field.

1.31 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).

1.32 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights and 
Trademarks collectively, that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Compounds or Licensee Products, including any 
Improvements thereto.

1.33 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.34 Kinex Intellectual Property means the Kinex Patent Rights, Kinex 
Know-How and other Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Kinex or 
any of its Affiliates.

1.35 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex or any of its Affiliates.

1.36 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex or any of its Affiliates, including the Patent Rights 
listed in Schedule 1.2 and as provided in Section 6.1.

1.37 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of the 
Compounds or Licensed Product, or any Improvement thereto, in the Field.
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.38 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.39 Licensed Product(s) means any topical product(s) (creams, lotions, 
sprays, etc.) that contain at least one of the Compounds as an active 
pharmaceutical ingredient for use in the Territory.

1.40 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.41 NDA means a new drug application in any of the countries in the 
Territory similar to the NDA submitted to the FDA to obtain approval for 
the marketing of a Licensed Product in the United States, together with all 
subsequent submissions, supplements and amendments thereto.

1.42 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less 
the following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales 
amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product;

(f) bad debt actually included on PharmaEssentias financial statements, 
provided that PharmaEssentia has made Commercially Reasonable Efforts to 
collect on such debts;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(i) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.

All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to the Licensed Product, and, to the 
extent applicable, other products or services of PharmaEssentia or its 
Affiliates such that the Licensed Products do not bear a disproportionate 
portion of such deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Sales shall not 
include sales by PharmaEssentia to its Affiliates or sublicensees for 
resale; provided that, if PharmaEssentia sells a Licensed Product to an 
Affiliate or sublicensee for resale, then the Net Sales calculation shall 
based on the higher of (i) the amount invoiced PharmaEssentia to such 
Affiliate or sublicensee or
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(ii) the amount invoiced by such Affiliate or sublicensee to the Third 
Parties on the resale of such Licensed Product. For purposes of this 
Agreement, sale shall not include transfers or other distributions or 
dispositions of a Licensed Product, at r10 charge, for regulatory purposes, 
clinical trials, samples, free products or in connection with patient 
assistance programs or other charitable purposes or to physicians or 
hospitals for promotional purposes. A Licensed Product shall be considered 
sold only when billed or invoiced.

1.43 Ongoing Clinical Studies means Clinical Studies with enrolled 
patients that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has 
occurred.

1.44 Party means Kinex or PhannaEssentia, as the context may require.

1.45 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

1.46 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof 
that claim or cover either of the Compounds, Licensed Product or any 
Improvement, including methods of development, manufacture, formulation, 
preparation, presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, 
packaging, sale or use thereof.

1.47 PharmaEssentia Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in 
Section 9.1.

1.48 PharmaEssentia Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or 
Controlled by PharmaEssentia as of the Effective Date and during the 
Agreement Term.
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.49 PharmaEssentia Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned 
or Controlled by PharmaEssentia as of the Effective Date and during the 
Agreement Term, including as provided in Section 6.1.

1.50 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the safety or pharmacological effect of a Licensed 
Product in the Field in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy 
requirements of 21 CFR 312.2(a), or its foreign equivalent.

1.51 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means a Clinical Study that is intended 
to initially evaluate the effectiveness of a Licensed Product in the Field 
in subjects or that would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 
312.21(b), or its foreign equivalent.

1.52 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means a pivotal Clinical Study, the 
results of which could be used to establish safety and efficacy of a 
Licensed Product in the Field as a basis for Regulatory Approval or that 
would otherwise satisfy requirements of 21 CFR 312.21(c), or its foreign 
equivalent.

1.53 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.54 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the Act 
and as interpreted by the Regulatory Authority in each country in the 
Territory.

1.55 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Kinex Know-How and PharmaEssentia Know-How, as applicable, and the 
Data.
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.56 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.

1.57 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.

1.58 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
any successor agency having substantially the same functions.

1.59 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist for a 
Licensed Product in a particular country as of any date if, during the two 
(2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a 
market share in the applicable country of at least sixty percent (60%) of 
the then combined unit volume of the applicable Licensed Product and 
Generic Products, or (b) at least one Generic Product is commercially 
introduced in such country and Net Sales of the applicable Licensed Product 
by PharmaEssentia in the applicable country decrease by at least sixty 
percent (60%) with each of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over 
such two (2) Calendar Years and compared to the Calendar Year immediately 
preceding the beginning of such two (2) Calendar Year period.

1.60 Territory means the following designated countries only: Greater 
China (including Mainland China, Taiwan, Macau, and Hong Kong), Singapore 
and Malaysia. All other countries are expressly excluded and retained by 
Kinex.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
1.61 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.

1.62 Trademark means the trademark(s) for which either Party has sought 
registration and all related service marks, domain names and other 
trademark related rights that are necessary or useful for the Development 
or Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field.

1.63 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.


ARTICLE 2

GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 Grants by Kinex. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Kinex hereby grants to PhammEssentia an exclusive right and license 
throughout the Territory (and with the right to grant sublicenses, with the 
prior written permission of Kinex which consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld) in and to the Kinex Intellectual Property, to develop, label, 
package, import, export, promote, distribute, make, use, sell, offer for 
sale, register, commercialize and otherwise exploit the Licensed Product(s) 
in the Field and a non-exclusive right to manufacture the Compounds in the 
Territory but solely for use in the Licensed Products; provided, however, 
that, notwithstanding the exclusive rights granted to PharmaEssentia 
hereunder, Kinex shall retain the right to use the Kinex Intellectual 
Property in the Territory other than for the promotion, distribution, sale, 
offer for sale, registration, or commercialization
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
of Licensed Product(s) in the Field. Any Affiliates of PharmaEssentia 
exercising any rights of PharmaEssentia under this Agreement shall be 
located within the Territory; provided, however, that PharmaEssentia may 
use Affiliates or Third Parties located outside the Territory to assist in 
the development of Licensed Products with the prior written consent of 
Kinex. With respect to sales to Third Party distributors or other parties 
purchasing Licensed Product for resale, PharmaEssentia shall use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to restrict such resales to within the 
Territory, including termination of sales to such parties if required by 
Kinex.

2.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to PharmaEssentia under this Agreement are reserved and retained by 
Kinex. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of 
any license or other right to PharmaEssentia, to or in respect of any 
product, patent, trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other 
data or any other Intellectual Property of the other Party, except as set 
forth under this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the Mimetica and 
Opal discovery platforms or any compound or molecule in the Kinex libraries 
other than the Compounds). Kinex expressly reserves and retains the right 
to develop or manufacture Licensed Products within the Territory for sale 
outside the Territory.


ARTICLE 3

INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;

REGULATORY MATTERS

3.1 Information and Transfer of Kinex Intellectual Property. As soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the 
Effective Date, Kinex shall disclose and deliver to PharmaEssentia 
electronic copies (or, upon PharmaEssentia s request, copy of the 
originals) of all Data for continued Development and Commercialization in 
the Territory. In addition to the foregoing, Kinex shall provide 
PharmaEssentia with such assistance as PharmaEssentia may reasonably 
request (at PharmaEssentias cost and expenses) in connection
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
with the foregoing disclosures, including making available at their place 
of employment (or such other location as the Parties may mutually agree 
upon) the assistance of such persons that were involved with the Kinex 
Intellectual Property.

3.2 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. PharmaEssentia shall be responsible for and shall itself, or 
through its Affiliates or sublicensees, conduct Development and 
Commercialization in the Territory in the Field during the Agreement Term 
as described by this Agreement. Within 60 days after the Effective Date, 
PharmaEssentia shall prepare a draft plan and budget (in English) for 
Development and Commercialization in each of the countries within the 
Territory and submit such draft plan to the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee (as defined in Section 3.4) which will 
agree on and oversee the plan for Development and Commercialization during 
the Agreement Tenn. If PharmaEssentia fails to (i) prepare the draft plan 
and budget within 60 days of the Effective Date, (ii) complete a proof of 
concept study by December 31, 2013, (iii) commence a Phase III Clinical 
Study in the Territory by September 30, 2015, (iv) file an application for 
Regulatory Approval in either Taiwan or Mainland China by December 31, 
2016, or (v) achieve First Commercial Sale of Licensed Product in each 
country in the Territory within 60 days of the Regulatory Approval in such 
country in the Territory, all rights and licenses under this Agreement 
shall immediately terminate, provided, however, Kinex shall grant a six 
month extension on any of the foregoing timelines at the reasonable request 
of PharmaEssentia prior to any termination of this Agreement.

(b) Summary Reports. Upon Kinexs sixty (60) day prior written request, 
made within thirty (30) days of the end of the first Calendar Year 
following the Effective Date and each year thereafter during the Agreement 
Term, PharmaEssentia shall provide Kinex with a written summary of 
Development and Commercialization undertaken on a country by country basis 
during the then current Calendar Year consistent with written reports 
issued by PharmaEssentia in the ordinary course of its business.
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(c) Clinical Studies. PharmaEssentia will be responsible for, and conduct 
and administer at its sole cost and expense, all the studies required for 
Regulatory Approval in each of countries within the Territory. 
Specifically, PharmaEssentia will:

(i) Select the lead Compound for development (KX01 or KX02);

(ii) Complete all formulation studies, skin penetration tests, skin 
irritation tests and skin sensitization tests necessary for submission of 
an IND;

(iii) Conduct at least one proof of concept study before December 31, 2013 
(projected to have the first study completed as early as late 2012);

(iv) Conduct all Clinical Studies in the Territory in support of the 
clinical strategy for psoriasis indications as identified in the 
Development Plan approved by the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee; and

(v) Participate in the global Phase III Studies in such a manner in 
conjunction with Kinex that will support the approval of Licensed Product 
in each of the countries within the Territory.

Any failure to comply with the foregoing will be considered a breach of 
this Agreement.

(d) Referencing Data. The Data and results of any Clinical Studies or other 
studies conducted by a Party or its ex-Territory partners shall be made 
available to the other Party for referencing at no cost to the requesting 
Party for regulatory filing purposes, and each party hereby grants to the 
other Party a right of reference to use such Data for the Development
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
and Commercialization of the Compounds and Licensed Products, provided, 
however, that with respect to the right granted to PharmaEssentia, such 
right shall be limited to the Development and Commercialization of the 
Compounds and the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

(e) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. PharmaEssentia 
shall be responsible for all costs associated with Development and 
Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Territory. Notwithstanding 
the generality of the foregoing, PharmaEssentia shall reimburse Kinex for 
the direct costs incurred by Kinex in carrying out any Development within 
the Territory that was authorized or approved in writing in advance by 
PharmaEssentia.

(f) Records. Under this Agreement, PharmaEssentia shall maintain records, 
in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent 
and regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, 
which shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall 
fully and properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including 
all Know-How and including individual case report forms, in the form 
required by applicable Laws.

(g) Promotional Materials and Activities. PharmaEssentia shall create and 
develop the advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products 
in the Territory with the written approval of Kinex (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) with respect to all such materials. As holder of the 
Regulatory Approvals in the Territory, PharmaEssentia shall be responsible 
for all submissions and interactions with the Regulatory Authorities 
regarding approval of all Licensed Product-related promotional materials 
that require Regulatory Approval.

(h) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. Kinex retains all rights to 
establish a global brand for each Licensed Product and shall own all 
Copyrights and Trademarks
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
for the Licensed Product in the Territory. PharmaEssentia shall be 
responsible for searching, clearing and filing applications for 
registration of all such Copyrights, Trademarks and trade dress at its sole 
cost in accordance with Kinexs global branding strategy. Kinex shall 
execute all documents and take all actions as are reasonably requested by 
PharmaEssentia with respect to such filings and registrations.

(i) Sales of Licensed Products. All sales of Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by PharmaEssentia. All terms 
regarding Licensed Product sales, including terms respecting credit, 
pricing, cash discounts, rebates, chargebacks, bad debt write-offs, and 
other fees and charges, and returns and allowances shall be set solely by 
PharmaEssentia.

(j) Compliance with Laws. PharmaEssentia shall in all respects comply with 
all applicable laws and applicable guidelines concerning the advertising, 
sales and marketing of prescription drug products in Commercializing 
Licensed Products in the Territory under this Agreement, including without 
limitation, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended 
(FCPA) and any applicable local anti-bribery laws. PharmaEssentia 
represents and warrants to Kinex that, (a) as of the Effective Date, 
PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates have a system of internal accounting 
controls in place that are sufficient to provide reasonable assurances of 
compliance as required by the FCPA, and (b) PharmaEssentia shall obligate 
any sublicensees that it or its Affiliates may engage with respect to 
Licensed Products to do the same; to bring any non-compliance therewith 
(should it ever occur) by any of the foregoing entities to PharmaEssentias 
attention; and to promptly remedy any such non-compliance. PharmaEssentia 
and its Affiliates shall maintain such procedures throughout the Agreement 
Term and shall promptly notify Kinex in writing with respect to any 
material non-compliance (other than non-compliance of the FCPA which shall 
be without regard to materiality) regarding Commercialization of Licensed 
Products.
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
3.3 Regulatory Matters.

(a) PharmaEssentia Responsibility.

From and after the Effective Date:

(i) PharmaEssentia shall have sole authority and responsibility for the 
timely preparation, filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, 
authorizations or approvals with Regulatory Authorities, and shall own and 
control all such filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals, 
including any IND, NDA or other Drug Approval Application in the Territory. 
PharmaEssentia shall provide copies of all such filings, submissions, 
authorizations and approvals upon reasonable request from Kinex, at 
PharmaEssentias sole cost and expense.

(ii) PharmaEssentia shall be the primary contact with each Regulatory 
Authority in the Territory and shall be solely responsible for all 
communications with each Regulatory Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, 
or other Drug Approval Application in the Territory, provided, however, 
that upon the reasonable request of PharmaEssentia, Kinex shall provide 
appropriate personnel to participate in discussions with a Regulatory 
Authority regarding the regulatory review process and shall assist and 
consult with PharmaEssentia in applying for Regulatory Approval at 
PharmaEssentias cost and expense.

(iii) From and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, PharmaEssentia 
shall have exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or 
amendments necessary to maintain Regulatory Approvals and to seek revisions 
of the conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory and 
shall keep Kinex promptly informed of any such actions. PharmaEssentia 
shall have sole authority and responsibility to seek and/or obtain any 
necessary approvals of any Product Label, or
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
prescribing information, package inserts, monographs and packaging used in 
connection with a Licensed Product, as well as promotional material used in 
connection with a Licensed Product, and for determining whether the same 
requires Regulatory Approval in the Territory.

(b) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible concerning adverse 
drug reactions, safety information and compliance with regulatory 
requirements. PharmaEssentia is responsible for providing any such data to 
Kinex that is required by the United States Regulatory Authority. The 
Parties hereby agree that they will each make Commercially Reasonable 
Efforts in coordinating their respective regulatory, Development and 
Commercialization efforts.

(c) Pharmocovigilence. During the Agreement Term, each of the Parties will 
notify appropriate Regulatory Authorities in accordance with applicable 
law, and the other Party, promptly after receipt of information with 
respect to any serious adverse event (as defined by the ICH Harmonized 
Tripartite Guideline on Clinical Safety Data Management), directly or 
indirectly attributable to the use or application of any Compound or 
Licensed Product.

(d) Product Recalls. If any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction in the 
Territory requires or reasonably requests to recall a Licensed Product due 
to a defect in the manufacture, processing, packaging or labeling of such 
Licensed Product or for any other reason whatsoever, PharmaEssentia shall 
immediately notify Kinex. PharmaEssentia shall have the sole right and 
responsibility, at its expense, to initiate all recall procedures required 
or requested by any such Regulatory Agency. PharmaEssentia shall have be 
responsible, at its expense, for carrying out any such recall as 
expeditiously as possible and in such a way as to cause the lease 
disruption to the sales of the Licensed Product and to preserve the 
goodwill and reputation attached to the Licensed Product and to the names 
of PharmaEssentia and Kinex. PharmaEssentia agrees to maintain the 
appropriate record and procedures to permit the recall of the Licensed 
Product.
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
3.4 Appointment and Administration of Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee for the Territory.

(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and in no 
event later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties 
will establish a four (4) person steering committee to oversee and review 
the Development and Commercialization of the Products in the Territory, 
which will include two (2) representatives of each of PharmaEssentia and 
Kinex (the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee) and will 
be chaired by one of the representatives of PharmaEssentia. All actions, 
decisions and approvals of the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee shall be unanimous. One member appointed by each Party will be a 
senior officer of such Party who is either (i) responsible for product 
development or (ii) has substantial experience in product development for 
similar products who is acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its 
sole discretion, may at any time during the Term of this Agreement replace 
a member it has the right to designate upon prior written notice to the 
other Party. Each Party will use reasonable efforts to cause its respective 
representatives to attend all meetings of the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee. Each Party will bear the travel and 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by its members or representatives in 
connection with the Development and Commercialization Steering Committees 
meetings.

(b) The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee will meet at 
least once every Calendar Quarter, or more or less frequently as the 
Parties mutually deem appropriate, on dates and at times and places as 
agreed by the Parties. The Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee may also convene or be polled or consulted from time to time by 
means of telecommunications, video conferences or correspondence, as deemed 
by the Parties to be necessary or appropriate.
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(c) If there is a disagreement within the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee, the members of the Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee shall promptly present the disagreement to the executive 
of each of PharmaEssentia and Kinex who has the principal responsibility 
for his respective companys work under this Agreement. Once infollued, 
such executives shall meet to discuss each partys view and to explain the 
basis for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to resolve such 
dispute with thirty (30) days of such meeting, then (a) if the disagreement 
is within the framework of this Agreement, then the disagreement shall be 
submitted to arbitration, or (b) if the disagreement is not within the 
framework of this Agreement and is applicable only to issues in the 
Territory, then PharmaEssentias decision will be final and binding. Any 
arbitration shall be conducted in Hong Kong in accordance with commercial 
arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce.

(d) The Development Steering and Commercialization Committee will have 
final decision making authority in the Territory concerning (i) approval 
and amendment, from time to time, of the plan for Development and 
Commercialization, (ii) the protocols for Clinical Trials of Licensed 
Products, (ii) approval of all contracts relating to the Development of 
Licensed Product, (iii) the formulation used in respect of Licensed 
Product, and (iv) contracts relating to the Commercialization of Licensed 
Product.
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
ARTICLE 4

PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

4.1 Milestone Fees. In consideration of the rights granted by Kinex 
hereunder, PharmaEssentia shall pay Kinex the following milestone fees, 
contingent upon occurrence of the specified event, with each milestone fee 
to be paid no more than once with respect to the achievement of such 
milestone event (but payable the first time such milestone event is 
achieved):
 
 (a)
   	Effective Date 	   	  	US$40,000 	  
 (b)
   	Completion of a proof of concept study that meets the criteria 
established by the Development and Commercialization Steering Committee 	   	
  	US$*** 	  
 (c)
   	Completion anywhere in the Territory of one Phase II Clinical Study 
that achieves the primary clinical endpoint set forth in the protocol 	   	
  	US$*** 	  
 (d)
   	Completion anywhere in the Territory of one Phase III Clinical Study 
that achieves the primary clinical endpoint set forth in the protocol 	   	
  	US$*** 	  
 (e)
   	Regulatory Approval in any country in the Territory 	   	  	US$*** 	  

Each milestone fee shall be deemed earned as of the achievement of the 
related milestone event and shall be paid by PharmaEssentia within thirty 
(30) Business
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Days after the achievement of each milestone event. Once a Licensed Product 
achieves a milestone, it will be deemed to have achieved also all earlier 
milestones, and any payment for such earlier milestones shall be due and 
payable to the extent they have not already been paid.

With respect to the US $*** milestone fee under (e) above, Kinex will 
consider and decide, in its sole discretion, whether it will agree to 
receive one-half in cash and one-half in shares of the capital stock of 
PharmaEssentia upon the written request of PharmaEssentia made at the time 
such milestone fee is due and payable.

4.2 Royalties.

(a) During each Calendar Quarter that royalties are due and payable to 
Kinex, PharmaEssentia shall, pursuant to Section 4.3(a), pay to Kinex a 
royalty on annual (Calendar Year) aggregate Net Sales of Licensed Product 
by PharmaEssentia and it Affiliates (Royalties) based upon the following 
rates (annual Net Sales is the aggregated total of all sales in the 
Territory):
 
(i) 	   	For the amount of such annual Net Sales <US $50M 	   	***%
(ii) 	   	For the amount of such annual Net Sales > US $50M 	   	***%

(b) The tiered royalty rates set forth above shall be reduced by forty 
percent (40%) for a Licensed Product sold in any country in which Generic 
Competition exists for such Licensed Product; provided, however, that if 
Substantial Level Generic Competition exists for such Licensed Product in a 
country, no further Royalties shall be payable by PharmaEssentia to Kinex 
with respect to such Licensed Product in the subject country.

(c) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, PharmaEssentia 
shall, pursuant to Section 4.3(a), pay to Kinex (i) a royalty on annual 
(Calendar
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Year) aggregate Net Sales of all Licensed Products by all sublicensees 
equal to the lesser of (A) Fifty Percent (50%) of all royalties payable by 
the sublicensees to PharmaEssentia based on Net Sales (or a comparable 
definition) of the sublicensee as provided for in the applicable sublicense 
agreement or (B) the amount payable if such sublicensee royalty is 
calculated under Section 4.2(a) based on the Net Sales of the sublicensee, 
plus (ii) an amount equal to Fifty Percent (50%) of all payments received 
by PharmaEssentia from all sublicensees during the applicable Calendar 
Quarter that are not calculated based on Net Sales (or a comparable 
definition) (Sublicensee Royalties and Payments).

4.3 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within sixty (60) days following the end of each 
Calendar Quarter that Royalties or Sublicensee Royalties and Payments are 
payable by PharmaEssentia to Kinex, PharmaEssentia shall submit to Kinex a 
written report containing, with respect to such Calendar Quarter and for 
the then-current Calendar Year through the end of such Calendar Quarter, an 
accounting on a country-by-country basis of gross sales, Net Sales of 
PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and sublicensees, Royalties, and Sublicensee 
Royalties and Payments payable in accordance with Section 4.2(a) and (c) 
for such Calendar Quarter, with a breakdown of all deductions taken in any 
such calculations, in accordance with the definition of Net Sales. Any 
conversion to United States Dollars shall be calculated in accordance with 
Section 4.4(c). In the event of any royalty reduction during any Calendar 
Quarter due to Generic Competition in any country in the Territory, the 
report for such Calendar Quarter shall also show the basis for the 
determination of such Generic Competition. Royalties and Sublicensee 
Royalties and Payments shown to have accrued by each report shall be due 
and payable on the date such report is due.

(b) Following the expiration of all Royalties and Sublicensee Royalties and 
Payments payable to Kinex on any Licensed Product in a country, 
PharmaEssentia shall continue
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
to furnish Kinex a written report on a country-by-country basis for the 
next four Calendar Quarters following expiration of all royalties and 
payments with respect to such Licensed Product, and shall state the basis 
for Net Sales then being free of royalty obligations hereunder. 
PharmaEssentia shall thereafter have no further obligation to include in a 
report the Net Sales of such Licensed Product in such country for purposes 
of the royalty calculation for any Calendar Quarter. This obligation shall 
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement in any country.

(c) Each Party shall keep and shall require its Affiliates to keep complete 
and accurate records in sufficient detail to permit accurate determination 
of all amounts necessary for calculation and verification of all payment 
obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a period of 36 months from the 
end of the relevant Calendar Quarter.

4.4 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
United States Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds 
to an account designated by Kinex.

(b) Withholding Taxes. With respect to the milestone fees, PharmaEssentia 
shall act as the tax agent of Kinex and make all required withholding or 
other tax payments to, and file all appropriate tax form with, the 
Taiwanese taxing authority(ies) at its expense on behalf of Kinex without 
any reduction in the foregoing milestone fee payments to Kinex. 
PharmaEssentia shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Kinex with respect 
to any claim made against Kinex by any Taiwanese taxing authority(ies) for 
unpaid taxes with respect to the milestone fees.

With respect to all other payments under this Agreement, PharmaEssentia may 
deduct the amount of any taxes imposed on Kinex which are required to be 
withheld or collected by
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates or sublicensees under the laws, rules or 
regulations of any country on amounts owing from PharmaEssentia to Kinex 
hereunder. Any such taxes required to be withheld or collected shall be an 
expense of Kinex.

Kinex shall provide PharmaEssentia any tax forms that may be reasonably 
necessary in order for PharmaEssentia to not withhold tax or to withhold 
tax at a reduced rate and PharmaEssentia shall apply the reduced rate of 
withholding, or dispense with withholding, as the case may be. Each Party 
shall provide the other with reasonable assistance to enable the recovery, 
as permitted by applicable laws, of withholding taxes, value added taxes, 
and similar obligations resulting form payments made under this Agreement, 
such recovery to be for the benefit of the Party bearing such withholding 
tax or value added tax. To the extent PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees pay such withholding taxes to the appropriate governmental 
authority on behalf of Kinex; PharmaEssentia shall promptly deliver to 
Kinex proof of payment of such taxes.

(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing royalties on Net Sales in 
any country outside the United States, the Net Sales shall be converted to 
United States Dollars using the year-to-date average rate of exchange for 
United States Dollars used by PharmaEssentia for its internal financial 
accounting purposes; provided, however, that if for any reason conversion 
into United States Dollars cannot be made in a country in the Territory, 
then notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.4(a), payment may be made 
in the currency of such country by deposit in the name of Kinex in a bank 
account designated by Kinex in such country.

(d) Except as otherwise defined herein, all financial calculations by 
either Party under this Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with 
IFRS. In addition, all calculations shall give pro rata effect to and shall 
proportionally adjust (by giving effect to the number of applicable days in 
such Calendar Quarter) (i) for any Calendar Quarter that is shorter than a 
standard Calendar Quarter or any Calendar Year that is shorter than four 
consecutive full
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Calendar Quarters, or (ii) as a result of a determination, in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement, that the first or last day of such 
Calendar Quarter (including as a result of termination of this Agreement) 
shall be deemed other than the actual first or last day of such Calendar 
Quarter, or that the first or last day of such Calendar Year shall be 
deemed other than the actual first or last day of such Calendar Year.

4.5 Audits. Upon the written request of Kinex, PharmaEssentia shall permit 
an independent certified public accounting firm of recognized standing, 
selected by Kinex and reasonably acceptable to PharmaEssentia (provided 
that such accounting firm shall not be retained or compensated on a 
contingency basis and shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement 
with PharmaEssentia in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
PharmaEssentia), to have access not more than once in any Calendar Year, 
during normal business hours, to such of the records of PharmaEssentia as 
may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the reports under 
Section 43 hereof for any year ending not more than twenty-four (24) months 
prior to the date of such request. The accounting firm shall disclose to 
Kinex whether the reports are correct or incorrect, the specific details 
concerning any discrepancies (including the accuracy of the calculation of 
Net Sales and the resulting effect of such calculations on the amounts 
payable by PharmaEssentia under this Agreement) and such other information 
that should properly be contained in a report required under this Agreement 
(the Audit Report)

(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed 
during such year, and PharmaEssentia agrees with such conclusion, then the 
PharmaEssentia shall pay the additional payments, together with interest at 
the Prime Rate on the amount of such additional payments, within thirty 
(30) days of the date Kinex delivers the Audit Report to PharmaEssentia. If 
such accounting firm concludes that amounts were overpaid by PharmaEssentia 
during such period, Kinex shall repay PharmaEssentia the amount of such
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
overpayment, together with interest at the Prime Rate on the amount of such 
overpayment, within thirty (30) days of the date Kinex delivers the Audit 
Report to PharmaEssentia. The fees charged by such accounting firm shall be 
paid by Kinex; provided, however, that if an error in favor of Kinex of 
more than five percent (5%) of the payments due hereunder for the period 
being reviewed is discovered, then the fees and expenses of the accounting 
firm shall be paid by PharmaEssentia.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty-four (24) months following the end of any 
year for which PharmaEssentia or Kinex has made payment in full of amounts 
payable with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence or 
willful misconduct of PharmaEssentia or Kinex or a contrary finding by an 
accounting firm pursuant to Section 4.5(a), such calculation shall be 
binding and conclusive upon PharmaEssentia or Kinex, and PharmaEssentia or 
Kinex, as applicable, shall be released from any liability or 
accountability with respect to royalties or other payments for such year.


ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and is in 
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, is 
qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation 
in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the ownership 
of its properties requires such qualification and failure to have such 
would prevent it from performing its obligations under this Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, 
decree, determination or award presently in effect having applicability to 
it or any provision of its charter or bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or 
constitute a default under any other agreement to which such Party is a 
party;

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;

(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, consents and approvals, 
governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys obligations under this 
Agreement;

(f) Neither Party, nor any of its Affiliates, are a party to, or are 
otherwise bound by, any oral or written contract that will result in any 
person or entity obtaining any interest in, or that would give to any Third 
Party any right to assert any claim in or with respect to, any of such 
Partys or the other Partys rights under this Agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Kinex. Kinex represents 
and warrants to PharmaEssentia that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, to the knowledge of Kinex, 
(i) there is no Third Party infringement of any of the Kinex Intellectual 
Property; and (ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is in full force where 
filed; (iii) the Kinex Patent Rights where filed are not subject to any 
pending or threatened re-examination, re-issue, opposition, interference, 
challenge, litigation proceeding or other claim, and (iv) Kinex has only 
filed or prosecuted patent applications with respect to the Kinex 
Intellectual Property in the countries in the Territory as set forth on 
Schedule 1.2 to this Agreement;

(b) To the knowledge of Kinex, Kinex has not committed any act, or omitted 
to commit any act, that may cause the Kinex Patent Rights where filed to 
expire prematurely or be declared invalid or unenforceable, or that stops 
Kinex from enforcing the Kinex Patent Rights where filed against any Third 
Party;

(c) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Kinex has the right to 
use and disclose and to enable PharmaEssentia to use and disclose (in each 
case under appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Kinex Know-How; 
and (ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, 
lien, license or claim of ownership by any Third Party that would conflict 
with the terms of this Agreement;

(d) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Kinex assign, transfer, 
encumber or grant rights in or with respect to the Kinex Intellectual 
Property inconsistent with the rights granted to PharmaEssentia under this 
Agreement; and

(e) The Data and information provided to PharmaEssentia or its Affiliates 
prior to the Effective Date relating to pre-clinical studies in the Field 
related to Compounds has been accurate in all respects and Kinex has made 
no misrepresentation or omission in connection with such Data and 
information. Kinex has also provided PharmaEssentia or its Affiliates with 
access to summaries of all adverse events known to Kinex relating to the 
Compounds.
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
5.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of PharmaEssentia. 
PharmaEssentia represents and warrants to Kinex that:

(a) At no time during the Agreement Term shall PharmaEssentia assign, 
transfer, encumber or grant rights in or with respect to the PharmaEssentia 
Intellectual Property inconsistent with the rights granted to Kinex under 
this Agreement including under Section 8.3(d).


ARTICLE 6

PATENT MATTERS

6.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, as between the Parties:

(i) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights for the specified Territory 
granted to PharmaEssentia under this Agreement. For all countries outside 
the Territory, Kinex will also have all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated (whether solely or jointly by employees, agents or other 
persons of Kinex or PharmaEssentia) under this Agreement as a result of 
Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term that are necessary or 
useful for Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Products.

(ii) For all countries within the Territory, PharmaEssentia shall have and 
retain all right, title and interest in or Control over all Intellectual 
Property (and
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Patent Rights arising thereunder) which is discovered, made, first 
conceived, reduced to practice or generated (whether solely or jointly by 
employees, agents or other persons of Kinex or PharmaEssentia) under this 
Agreement in the Territory as a result of Development or otherwise during 
the Agreement Term that are necessary or useful for the Development or 
Commercialization of the Licensed Products.

(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Kinex and PharmaEssentia shall require 
all of its and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and 
corresponding patent applications and that are discovered, made, first 
conceived, reduced to practice or generated by such employees during the 
Agreement Term to Kinex or PharmaEssentia according to the ownership 
principles described in Section 6.1(a). Each Party shall use Commercially 
Reasonable Efforts to require any Third Parties working on any Clinical 
Study or any Development under the Agreement or who receive materials 
relating to Licensed Product or Know-How from a Party, to assign ownership 
or grant a sublicenseable exclusive license on a fully paid-up, 
royalty-free basis to all inventions and corresponding Patent Rights that 
are developed, made or conceived by such Third Parties during the Agreement 
Term to Kinex or PharmaEssentia according to the ownership principles 
described in Section 6.1(a).

6.2 Maintenance and Prosecution.

(a) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the first right to file, 
prosecute and maintain the Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs name, using 
patent counsel selected by Kinex and shall be responsible for the payment 
of all patent prosecution and maintenance costs. Kinex will inform 
PharmaEssentia on the patent applications in the Territory. As of the 
Effective Date, the Kinex Patent Rights in the Territory include only those 
applications set forth in Schedule 1.2 to this Agreement and Kinex retains 
the right to determine whether to file for patents in any additional 
countries within the Territory. If Kinex elects not to prosecute or 
maintain a patent application or patent included in the Kinex Patent Rights 
in the Territory, it shall provide
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
PharmaEssentia with no less than forty-five (45) days written advance 
notice sufficient to avoid any loss or forfeiture, and subject to Kinexs 
prior written consent, PharmaEssentia shall then have the right, but not 
the obligation, at its sole expense, to maintain such Patent Right in the 
Territory.

(b) PharmaEssentia Patent Rights. PharmaEssentia shall have the first right 
to file, prosecute and maintain the PharmaEssentia Patent Rights in 
PharmaEssentias name, using patent counsel selected by PharmaEssentia and 
shall be responsible for the payment of all patent prosecution and 
maintenance costs. PharmaEssentia will inform Kinex on the patent 
applications in the Territory. If PharmaEssentia elects not to file, 
prosecute or maintain a patent application or patent included in the 
PharmaEssentia Patent Rights, it shall provide Kinex with no less than 
forty-five (45) days written advance notice sufficient to avoid any loss 
or forfeiture, and subject to PharmaEssentias prior written consent, Kinex 
shall then have the right, but not the obligation, at its sole expense, to 
file, prosecute or maintain such Patent Right.

(c) The responsible Party under this Section 6.2 shall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within the 
Territory resulting from Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term 
that are necessary or useful for the Development or Commercialization of 
the Licensed Products and important prosecution matters related thereto in 
reasonably sufficient time prior to the filing thereof, and the responsible 
Party shall take into account the other Partys reasonable comments related 
thereto. Each Party shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by the other Party with respect to any filings and 
registrations.

6.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory of any patent 
included in the Kinex
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Patent Rights or PharmaEssentia Patent Rights relating to the Compounds or 
Licensed Products (collectively, the Parties Patent Rights), which comes 
to such Partys attention. In addition, PharmaEssentia shall promptly give 
Kinex notice of any actual or suspected infringement by a Third Party 
outside the Territory of any patent included in the Kinex Patent Rights. 
The Parties shall thereafter consult and cooperate to determine a course of 
action, including the commencement of legal action with respect to any 
infringement within the Territory.

(b) Kinex shall have the first right, either directly or through its 
Affiliates or licensees, to initiate and prosecute such legal action in the 
Territory at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or 
PharmaEssentia, or to control the defense of any declaratory judgment 
action in the Territory relating to the Parties Patent Rights, and Kinex 
shall provide PharmaEssentia with reasonable notice of any such action it 
commences and keep PharmaEssentia reasonably informed of any significant 
developments in such action. PharmaEssentia shall render, at its expense 
(including reasonable attorneys fees), all assistance reasonably requested 
in connection with any action taken by Kinex or to prevent such 
infringement. However, the control of such action, including whether to 
initiate any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely 
be under the control of Kinex; provided that Kinex shall not settle any 
such claim or proceeding in a manner that materially adversely affects 
PharmaEssentias rights under this Agreement or which results in any 
material monetary payment by or financial loss to PharmaEssentia, without 
the prior written consent of PharmaEssentia, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.

(c) If Kinex elects not to initiate and prosecute an infringement or defend 
a declaratory judgment action in any country in the Territory as provided 
in Section 6.3(b) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such 
potential infringement, then PharmaEssentia may elect, which election shall 
be subject to the prior written consent of Kinex to take such action that 
is reasonably necessary and appropriate to terminate or prevent such 
infringement,
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
including instituting an infringement proceeding, provided, however, that 
PharmaEssentia shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of any 
claim relating to the Parties Patent Rights licensed hereunder or which 
results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to Kinex, 
without Kinexs prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right, either directly or through its 
Affiliates or licensees to initiate and prosecute any legal action outside 
the Territory with respect to the Kinex Patent Rights at its own expense or 
to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action outside the 
Territory. PharmaEssentia shall render, at its expense, all assistance 
reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by Kinex or to 
prevent such infringement. However, the control of such action, including 
whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, 
shall solely be under the control of Kinex.

(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.3, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action 
voluntarily and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to 
prosecute, defend and maintain such action. In connection with any such 
action, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide each other with 
any information or assistance that either reasonably may request. Any 
recovery or award obtained by either Party as a result of any action or 
settlement commenced with respect to infringement within the Territory 
shall be shared as follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(ii) the other Party then shall, to the extent funds remain after payment 
set forth in subsection (i) has been made, recover its reasonably 
documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside attorneys 
fees) incurred in connection with the action;

(iii) if Kinex initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, the 
action outside the Territory, the amount of any recovery remaining then 
shall be retained by Kinex; and

(iv) if PharmaEssentia or Kinex initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the 
defense of, the action in the Territory, the amount of any recovery 
remaining then shall be shared equally by the parties.

6.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the 
development, manufacture, import, use, marketing or sale of Licensed 
Product hereunder infringes the intellectual property rights of any Third 
Party in the Territory, such Party shall promptly notify the other Party. 
The Parties shall thereafter discuss the situation, and to the extent 
reasonably necessary, attempt to agree on a course of action.

(b) If within ten (10) Business Days the Parties fail to agree upon an 
appropriate course of action in the Territory, Kinex shall have the first 
right, but not the obligation, either directly or through its Affiliates or 
licensees to defend any action in the Territory related to the intellectual 
property rights of any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal 
action in the Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any 
Third Party in the name of PharmaEssentia and/or Kinex. Kinex shall keep 
PharmaEssentia reasonably informed as to the progress of any such action. 
PharmaEssentia shall render, at its expense, all assistance reasonably 
requested in connection with any action taken by Kinex. However, the 
control of
 
37
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
such action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Kinex; provided 
that Kinex shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that 
materially adversely affects PharmaEssentias rights under this Agreement 
or which results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to 
PharmaEssentia, without PharmaEssentias written consent, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld. Kinex shall pay for all costs and 
expenses incurred in such defense. In addition, Kinex shall pay all damages 
awarded or settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar 
payments) to such Third Party.

(c) If Kinex elects not to defend an infringement action in any country in 
the Territory as provided in Section 6.4(b), and PharmaEssentia elects to 
do so, which election shall be subject to the prior written consent of 
Kinex, the cost of any agreed-upon course of action, including the costs of 
any legal action commenced or any infringement action defended, shall be 
borne solely by PharmaEssentia, provided, however, that PharmaEssentia 
shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of any claim without the 
prior written consent of Kinex, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.

(d) For any such legal action or defense, in the event that any Party is 
unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such action solely in its own 
name, the other Party will join such action voluntarily and will execute 
all documents necessary for the Party to prosecute, defend and maintain 
such action. In connection with any such action, the Parties will cooperate 
fully and will provide each other with any information or assistance that 
either reasonably may request.

(e) Kinex shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, either 
directly or through its Affiliates or licensees to defend any action 
related to the intellectual property rights outside the Territory of any 
Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action outside the Territory 
related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party in the name 
of
 
38
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
PharmaEssentia and/or Kinex. PharmaEssentia shall render, at its expense, 
all assistance reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by 
Kinex. However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate 
any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under 
the control of Kinex.

6.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in any country in the Territory where 
applicable and where desired by PhammEssentia. Elections with respect to 
obtaining such extension or supplemental protection certificates shall be 
made in the same manner and with the same relative priorities between the 
Parties as is applicable to the prosecution and maintenance of Patent 
Rights pursuant to Section 6.2.

6.6 Patent Marking. PharmaEssentia shall mark, and shall require its 
Affiliates and sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products sold or 
distributed pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the applicable 
patent statutes or regulations in the country or countries of manufacture 
and/or sale thereof.

6.7 Third Party Agreements. (a) If any licensee of the Compounds from Kinex 
(Third Party Licensee) develops a pharmaceutical preparation in final 
form (Third Party Drug) that is (i) delivered through oral dosing, (ii) 
contains either of the Compounds as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, 
(iii) is approved for use in any country in the Territory for indications 
other than psoriasis, and (iv) is offered for sale as a treatment for 
psoriasis which is outside the scope of Regulatory Approval and outside the 
Third Party Licensees field of use for the Compounds under its license 
with Kinex (Off Label Sales), Kinex shall have the first right, either 
directly or through its Affiliates, to initiate and prosecute legal action 
in the Territory at its own expense and in the name of Kinex to prevent Off 
Label Sales of the Third Party Drug for psoriasis in the Territory, or to 
control the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the Territory 
relating to the Third Party Licensees field of use under its license with 
Kinex, and
 
39
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Kinex shall provide PharmaEssentia with reasonable notice of any such 
action it commences and keep PharmaEssentia reasonably informed of any 
significant developments in such action. PharmaEssentia shall render, at 
its expense (including reasonable attorneys fees), all assistance 
reasonably requested in connection with any such action taken by Kinex. 
However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate any 
legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under the 
control of Kinex; provided that Kinex shall not settle any such claim or 
proceeding in a manner that materially adversely affects PharmaEssentias 
rights under this Agreement or which results in any material monetary 
payment by or financial loss to PharmaEssentia, without the prior written 
consent of PharmaEssentia, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.

(b) If Kinex elects not to initiate and prosecute an action to prevent Off 
Label Sales of a Third Party Drug for psoriasis, or defend a declaratory 
judgment action in any country in the Territory as provided in Section 
6.7(a) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such Off Label 
Sales for the treatment of psoriasis by the Third Party Licensee, then 
PharmaEssentia may elect, which election shall be subject to the prior 
written consent of Kinex to take such action in the Territory that is 
reasonably necessary and appropriate to prevent such sales by the Third 
Party Licensee by instituting a proceeding to enforce the limitations of 
the field of use contained in the license between Kinex and the Third Party 
Licensee, provided, however, that PharmaEssentia shall not enter into any 
settlement or compromise of any claim or which results in any material 
monetary payment by or financial loss to Kinex or termination of its 
license with the Third Party Licensee, without Kinexs prior written 
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.7, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action 
voluntarily and will execute all documents necessary for the
 
40
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Party to prosecute, defend and maintain such action. In connection with any 
such action, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide each other 
with any information or assistance that either reasonably may request. Any 
recovery or award obtained by either Party as a result of any action or 
settlement commenced with respect to infringement within the Territory 
shall be shared as follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;

(ii) the other Party then shall, to the extent funds remain after payment 
set forth in subsection (i) has been made, recover its reasonably 
documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside attorneys 
fees) incurred in connection with the action;

(iii) if Kinex initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, the 
action, the amount of any recovery remaining then shall be shared 30% to 
Kinex and 70% to PhannaEssentia; and

(iv) if PharmaEssentia initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense 
of, the action, the amount of any recovery remaining then shall be shared 
10% to Kinex and 90% to PharmaEssentia.


ARTICLE 7

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

7.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be
 
41
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
disclosed to any Third Party or used for any purpose except as expressly 
permitted herein without the prior written consent of the Party that 
disclosed the Proprietary Information to the other Party during the term of 
this Agreement and for a period of ten (10) years thereafter. The foregoing 
nondisclosure and non-use obligations shall not apply to the extent that 
such Proprietary Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by 
contemporary written records.

7.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 7.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies in order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by PharmaEssentia to its agents, consultants, sublicensees or 
Affiliates in connection with the Development or Commercialization, or to 
otherwise enable PharmaEssentia to fulfill its obligations and 
responsibilities under this Agreement, on the condition that such entities 
agree to be bound by confidentiality obligations consistent with this 
Agreement; or
 
42
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order, provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.

(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the nature and text of such release, announcement or other disclosure 
and shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party agrees to 
provide to the other Party a copy of any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall have the 
right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty-eight (48) hours) 
review and recommend changes to any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of review 
and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has previously been 
disclosed unless there have been material developments relating to Licensed 
Product since the date of the previous disclosure; provided, further, that 
each Party shall provide to the other Party reasonable advance notice of 
any such subsequent disclosure. Without limiting the generality of any of 
the foregoing, it is understood that the Parties or their Affiliates may 
make disclosure of this Agreement and the terms hereof in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, may file this Agreement as an exhibit to any filing 
with the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities
 
43
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
exchange, and may distribute any such filing in the ordinary course of its 
business, provided, further, that to the maximum extent allowable by the 
rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and except as required by applicable Laws, Kinex and 
PharmaEssentia shall seek to redact any confidential information set forth 
in such filings, and each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted 
version of this Agreement to the other Party no less than five (5) Business 
Days prior to filing with the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, and give reasonable consideration to the other Partys 
comments regarding any proposed redaction.

7.3 Publications. PharmaEssentia shall not submit for written or oral 
publication any manuscript, abstract or the like relating to the Compounds 
or Licensed Products, without the prior approval or written request of 
Kinex. If PharmaEssentia desires to submit such publication, it shall first 
deliver to Kinex, for Kinexs prior written consent, the proposed 
publication or an outline of the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days 
prior to planned submission or presentation.

7.4 Publicity. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
stockholders letter to private investors.
 
44
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
ARTICLE 8

TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date. Thereafter, unless terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 8.2 below, this Agreement shall extend for a period which may 
expire on a country by country basis upon the earliest to occur of either 
(i) the expiration of the Kinex Patent Rights or (ii) invalidation of the 
Kinex Patent Rights (the Agreement Term). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
after the occurrence of (i) or (ii) above, the Agreement Term shall 
automatically be extended for consecutive one (1) year periods subject to 
the same terms and conditions set forth herein (unless agreed otherwise) 
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to extend the 
Agreement Term: (i) at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date 
of the Kinex Patent Rights; or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the 
case of an invalidation claim; and (iii) thereafter, at least ninety (90) 
days prior to the then current annual expiration date of the Agreement.

8.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) This Agreement may be terminated upon mutual agreement of the Parties.

(b) Termination by PharmaEssentia.

PharmaEssentia may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion upon not 
less than six (6) months prior written notice of termination provided 
anytime after the Effective Date (provided, however, that no such 
termination shall be effective until the completion of any then Ongoing 
Clinical Studies). The cost involved during the six-month notice period 
plus any period needed for completion of any Ongoing Clinical Studies will 
also be borne by PharmaEssentia. In addition, if any milestone is met 
PharmaEssentia prior to the termination date, PharmaEssentia will also be 
responsible for the milestone payment.
 
45
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
(c) Termination by Either Party.

Either Party may, without prejudice to any other remedies available to it 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement prior 
to expiration of the Agreement Term in the event that the other Party (as 
used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) shall have materially 
breached or defaulted in the performance of any of its material obligations 
hereunder, and has not cured such breach within (i) thirty (30) days after 
notice of such breach is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach 
is a non-payment of any amount due under this Agreement that is not being 
disputed in good faith (which shall be deemed a material breach of a 
material obligation) and (ii) sixty (60) days after notice of such breach 
is provided to the Breaching Party for other cases of breach (or, if such 
default cannot be cured within such 60-day period, if the Breaching Party 
does not commence and diligently continue actions to cure such default 
during such 60-day period). The termination shall become effective at the 
end of the (i) 30-day period in case the breach is a non-payment of any 
amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good faith if 
the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or (ii) for 
other cases of breach, 60-day period unless (a) the Breaching Party cures 
such breach during such 60-day period, or (b) if such breach is not 
susceptible to cure within such 60-day period, the Breaching Party has 
commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure (unless such breach, by its 
nature, is incurable, in which case the Agreement may not be terminated 
unless the Breaching Party fails to use its best commercially reasonable 
efforts to prevent a similar subsequent breach). The right of either Kinex 
or PharmaEssentia to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 
8.2(c) shall not be affected in any way by such Partys waiver or failure 
to take action with respect to any previous breach or default.

8.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. 
In addition to any other provisions of this Agreement
 
46
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
which by their terms continue after the expiration of this Agreement, the 
provisions of Article 3.2(f), 4.3(b), 7 and 9 shall survive the expiration 
or termination of this Agreement and shall continue in effect after the 
date of expiration or termination for the longer of (i) five (5) years 
after the last sale of Licensed Product in the Territory, or (ii) the 
respective periods specified therein. In addition, any other provisions 
required interpreting and enforcing the Parties rights and obligations 
under this Agreement shall also survive, but only to the extent required 
for the full observation and performance of this Agreement. Any expiration 
or early termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the 
rights of any Party against the other accrued or accruing under this 
Agreement prior to termination. Except as expressly set forth herein, the 
rights to terminate as set forth herein shall be in addition to all other 
rights and remedies available under this Agreement, at law, or in equity, 
or otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Kinex under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date at which 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, 
PharmaEssentia and its Affiliates shall have the right to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the stock of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on 
hand or in process of manufacture as of the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the effective date of 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, PharmaEssentia shall notify 
Kinex of the amount of Licensed Product PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and 
sublicensees then have on hand or in the process of manufacture and shall 
have the right to sell in the Territory (except with respect to any country 
in
 
47
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
the Territory in which Licensed Product has been withdrawn or there is no 
Regulatory Approval), its remaining stock of Licensed Product for a period 
ending upon the earlier of: (i) PharmaEssentias, its Affiliates and 
sublicensees sale of all such remaining Licensed Product, or (ii) six (6) 
months after such termination or expiration, and terms and conditions of 
this Agreement shall apply to such Licensed Product so sold. Kinex hereby 
grants a non-exclusive license under the Kinex Intellectual Property to 
PharmaEssentia solely to sell such Licensed Product in the Territory, 
subject to payment of all related amounts due under this Agreement. Any 
remaining quantities of Licensed Product not sold during this period shall, 
at Kinexs election, either be destroyed by PharmaEssentia at 
PharmaEssentias cost or sold to Kinex at PharmaEssentias procurement cost 
for such Licensed Product.

(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Kinexs request, PharmaEssentia shall 
promptly transfer and return to Kinex copies of all Data, reports, records 
and materials in PharmaEssentias possession or control that relate to 
Compound or Licensed Products and return to Kinex all relevant records and 
materials in PharmaEssentias possession or control containing Proprietary 
Information of Kinex (provided that PharmaEssentia may keep one copy of 
such Proprietary Information of Kinex for archival purposes only); (ii) 
PharmaEssentia shall transfer to Kinex all right, title and interest in and 
Control over all Intellectual Property owned and Controlled of 
PharmaEssentia and arising from inventions during the Agreement Term as 
described in Section 6.1(a) (ii) of this Agreement, (iii) PharmaEssentia 
shall transfer to Kinex any and all INDs, Regulatory Approvals, Drug 
Approval Applications and any other regulatory filings or submissions made 
or filed for Licensed Product by PhannaEssentia or its designees; and (iv) 
Kinex shall promptly return to PharmaEssentia all relevant records and 
materials in Kinexs possession or control containing Proprietary 
Information of PharmaEssentia (provided that Kinex may keep one copy of 
such Proprietary Information of PharmaEssentia for archival purposes only).
 
48
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
ARTICLE 9

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

9.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 9, Kinex Indemnified Parties 
refers to Kinex, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Kinex and its 
Affiliates, and PharmaEssentia Indemnified Parties refers to 
PharmaEssentia, its Affiliates and officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of PharmaEssentia and its 
Affiliates.

9.2 PharmaEssentia Indemnification. PharmaEssentia shall defend the Kinex 
Indemnified Parties from and against all suits, claims, actions, demands, 
complaints, lawsuits or other proceedings, (collectively, Claims), that 
are brought by a Third Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the 
fullest extent permitted by law the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and 
against any and all Losses, that arise out of or are attributable to, (i) 
PharmaEssentias negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in 
exercising or performing any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by PharmaEssentia of any of its 
obligations, representations, warranties or covenants under this Agreement; 
provided, however, that PharmaEssentia shall not be obligated under this 
Section 9.2, to the extent it is shown by evidence acceptable in a court of 
law having jurisdiction over the subject matter and meeting the appropriate 
degree of proof for such Claim that the Claim arose out of the negligence 
or wrongdoing on the part of Kinex.

9.3 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the PharmaEssentia 
Indemnified Parties from and against all Claims, in each case that are 
brought by a Third Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the 
fullest extent permitted by law the PharmaEssentia Indemnified Parties from 
and against any and all Losses that arise out of such Claims that are 
attributable to, (i) Kinexs negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct 
in exercising or performing any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement; or (ii) a material breach by
 
49
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Kinex of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants 
under this Agreement; provided, however, that Kinex shall not be obligated 
under this Section 9.3, to the extent it is shown by evidence acceptable in 
a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject matter and meeting the 
appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the Claim arose out of the 
negligence or wrongdoing on the part of PharmaEssentia.

9.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
9.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party 
and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss how to respond to such Claim. 
Failure to provide prompt notice shall not relieve any Party of the duty to 
defend or indemnify unless such failure materially prejudices the defense 
of any matter. Each Party agrees that it will take reasonable steps to 
minimize the burdens of the litigation on witnesses and on the ongoing 
business of the Indemnified Parties including making reasonable 
accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and seeking 
appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location of 
depositions.

(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 9.4(a), is 
an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing written 
notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain counsel and 
timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such event, such 
other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however, that such 
other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an indemnified 
Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) Business Days 
notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to assume the 
defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this
 
50
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
Agreement. If it is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to 
indemnification, the Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

9.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under Sections 
9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the consent of the other Party, provided, 
however, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, without the written consent 
of the other Party, as part of any settlement or compromise (i) admit to 
liability on the part of the other Party; (ii) agree to an injunction 
against the other Party; or (iii) settle any matter in a manner that 
separately apportions fault to the other Party. The Parties further agree 
that as part of the settlement of any Indemnified Claim, an Indemnifying 
Party shall obtain a full, complete and unconditional release from the 
claimant on behalf of the Indemnified Parties.

9.6 Insurance.

(a) PharmaEssentia shall maintain in the Territory, commencing as of the 
Effective Date, commercial general liability insurance (including coverage 
for product liability, contractual liability, bodily injury, property 
damage and personal injury), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory 
to the other Party, with minimum limits of $5,000,000 per occurrence or, in 
case of Clinical Studies, $5,000,000 per occurrence during the period when 
such Clinical Studies are being conducted (the Insurance). If such 
Insurance is written on a claims-made form, it shall continue for three (3) 
years following the last sale of Licensed Product by PharmaEssentia. The 
Insurance shall have retroactive date to or coinciding with the Effective 
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PharmaEssentia may satisfy the 
foregoing obligation with respect to the Insurance through self-insurance.

(b) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of Licensed Product in 
and for the Territory.
 
51
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
During the Agreement Term, PharmaEssentia shall not permit such Insurance 
to be reduced, expired, materially amended or canceled during the period of 
the Insurance and/or the Agreement without reasonable prior written notice 
that shall be sent by registered mail to Kinex. Upon request PharmaEssentia 
shall provide certificates of insurance to Kinex evidencing the coverage 
specified herein.

(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) The Insurance shall contain an explicit clause, stating that each Party 
and its insurer waive their rights of subrogation against the other Party 
and its directors, employees and/or any one on its behalf with respect to 
the Insurance. Such waiver shall not apply in the event of a malicious act.

(e) The Insurance shall be primary to any other insurance maintained by 
each Party and each Party hereby waives any claim or demand as to 
participation in any such other insurance.

(f) The Insurance shall be valid in any location worldwide regarding the 
activities performed by each Party hereunder (including worldwide 
jurisdictions) for any destination or lawsuit which will be served against 
the other Party.

9.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE
 
52
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
ARTICLE 10

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including 
fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of 
war (whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

10.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or in 
connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all or 
substantially all of its assets or in the event of a merger, consolidation, 
change in control or similar corporate transaction, without such consent; 
provided further, that such assignment shall not relieve the Party of its 
responsibilities for performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
successors and permitted assigns of the Parties. Any assignment not in 
accordance with this Agreement shall be void.
 
53
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
10.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or application thereof in good 
faith in order to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative to the term, 
covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof that is 
invalid or unenforceable, it being the intent of the Parties that the basic 
purposes of this Agreement are to be effectuated.

10.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by email, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.

(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this Agreement) shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person, or sent by 
overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), postage prepaid, or by facsimile 
confirmed by prepaid registered or certified air mail letter or by 
overnight express mail (e.g., FedEx), or sent by prepaid certified or 
registered air mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses 
of the Parties (or to such other address or addresses as may be specified 
from time to time in a written notice), and shall be deemed to have been 
properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written 
communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex to:

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

701 Ellicott Street

Buffalo, New York 14203 USA

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Fax No.: 716-849-6651
 
54
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
if to PharmaEssentia to:

PHARMAESSENTIA CORP

13F, No. 3 YuanQu Street

Nankang District, Taipei 115, TAIWAN

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Fax No.: +886-2-2655-7626

or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by facsimile on a Business Day, upon confirmed 
delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so delivered, and on 
the third Business Day following the date of mailing if sent by registered 
or certified mail.

10.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party may suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which 
there is no adequate remedy at law in the event of a breach or threatened 
breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, and
 
55
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the Parties agrees 
that the other Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent 
breaches of the provisions of this Agreement, and/or to enforce 
specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof, in any 
action instituted in any court or tribunal having jurisdiction over the 
Parties and the matter, without posting any bond or other security, and 
that such injunctive relief shall be in addition to any other remedies to 
which such Party may be entitled, at law or in equity.

10.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

10.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for 
the International Sale of Goods shall not apply in any action, suit or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Except as provide 
in Section 10.5, with regard to actions of specific performance, all 
disputes which arise in connection with this Agreement and its 
interpretation shall be settled amicably between the Parties. If the 
dispute cannot be settled in an amicable manner, it will be settled by 
arbitration to be held in Hong Kong in conformity with commercial 
arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. The award 
rendered by arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties hereto.

10.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.
 
56
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
10.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.

10.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.

10.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.

10.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

10.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(.pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.
 
57
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
10.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party, including any creditor of either 
Party hereto. No such Third Party shall obtain any right under any 
provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons of any such provision make 
any claim in respect of any debt, liability or obligation (or otherwise) 
against either Party hereto.
 
58
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Copy
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
PHARMAESSENTIA CORP
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
59
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.1 	   	SCHEDULE DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND
SCHEDULE 1.2 	   	SCHEDULE KINEX PATENT RIGHTS
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.1
DIAGRAM OF COMPOUNDS

***

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 1.2
PATENT RIGHTS

Kinex Patent Chart
(August 15, 2011)

(1a) 28856-503 (Composition of Matter & Use)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	 	  	***

(1b) 28856-503CIP (Composition of Matter & Use)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	 	  	***
 ***
  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***

(2) 26856-505001 (Method of Synthesis and purity of KX01 and its dichloride 
salt)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	 	  	*** 	  	***

(3) 28856-506002 (Method of Synthesis and purity of mesylate salt of KX01)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	 	  	***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.


Continued on Next Page
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kinex Patent Chart
(August 15, 2011)

(4) 28856-508003 (Polymorph of pure KX01)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	  	***

(5) 28856-514 (Dosage of KX01)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	 	  	***

(6) 28856-506 (Dosage of KX02 and immunoprotection)
 
Country
Code
  	
Country
  	
Status
  	
Application
No.
  	
Application
Data
  	
National
Entry
Data
  	
Related
WIPO
Publication
No.
  	
Comments
  	
Expected
Expiration
Date
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	  	  	***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.