 EX-10.3 6 d363139dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
APPIAN CORPORATION
 
NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY
APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MAY 10, 2017
 
Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board) who is not also serving 
as an employee of Appian Corporation (the Company) or any of its 
subsidiaries (each such member, an Eligible Director) will receive the 
compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
(the Director Compensation Policy) for his or her Board service following 
the closing of the initial public offering of the Class A common stock (the 
Common Stock) of the Company (the IPO).
 
The Director Compensation Policy will be effective upon the date of the 
underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriters managing 
the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the 
Common Stock is priced in the IPO. The Director Compensation Policy may be 
amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation 
Committee of the Board.
 
Annual Retainers
 

Each Eligible Director shall receive the annual retainers set forth below, 
as applicable with respect to that Eligible Director, which annual 
retainers shall be provided one-half in the form of cash and one-half in 
the form of fully-vested shares of Common Stock (Shares), with such 
grants made pursuant to the Companys 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 
2017 Plan) and applicable form of equity award agreement most recently 
approved for use by the Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof). The 
number of Shares shall be determined by dividing the dollar amount due by 
the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2017 Plan) of a Share on the date 
the annual retainer is otherwise payable, rounded down to the nearest whole 
Share. In no case shall any fractional Shares be issued. In lieu of any 
fractional Shares, the Eligible Director shall be paid cash equal to the 
value of any fractional Share. Shares issued in lieu of cash shall be 
issued on the same schedule as annual retainers paid in cash or, if the 
Shares cannot be delivered due to a Company blackout period, then the 
Shares shall be delivered on the first business day following the end of 
the blackout period.
 
Subject to the provisions above, the annual retainers set forth below shall 
be paid (or granted, as the case may be) in equal quarterly installments, 
payable in advance on the first day of each fiscal quarter in which the 
service is expected to occur. If an Eligible Director joins the Board or a 
committee of the Board (Committee) at a time other than effective as of 
the first day of a fiscal quarter, each annual retainer set forth below 
will be pro-rated based on days served in the applicable fiscal year, with 
the pro-rated amount paid (or granted) for the first fiscal quarter in 
which the Eligible Director provides the service, and regular full 
quarterly payments and grants thereafter.
 
1. 	  	

Annual Board Service Retainer: $130,000

 
2. 	  	

Annual Committee Chair Service Retainer:

 
  	a. 	  	

Chairperson of the Audit Committee: $20,000

 
  	b. 	  	

Chairperson of the Compensation Committee: $10,000

 
3. 	  	

Annual Committee Member Service Retainer (in addition to Committee Chair 
retainer, if applicable):

 
  	a. 	  	

Member of the Audit Committee: $10,000

 
  	b. 	  	

Member of the Compensation Committee: $10,000

------------------------------------------------------------------------
On the date of the IPO, the Company will pay and grant, as applicable, each 
Eligible Director a pro-rated portion of the annual retainers set forth 
above for service expected to be rendered through the balance of the 
quarter in which the IPO occurs and the subsequent quarter (the IPO Awards
), with payment schedule set forth above to be effective at the beginning 
of the quarter thereafter. The Fair Market Value for determining the number 
of Shares to be granted to each Eligible Director as part of the IPO Awards 
will be equal to the initial public offering price of the Common Stock.
 
Expenses
 

The Company will reimburse Eligible Directors for ordinary, necessary and 
reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses to cover in-person attendance at 
and participation in Board and/or Committee meetings; provided, that 
Eligible Directors timely submit to the Company appropriate documentation 
substantiating such expenses in accordance with the Companys travel and 
expense policy, as in effect from time to time.
 
Philosophy
 

The Director Compensation Policy is designed to attract and retain 
experienced, talented individuals to serve on the Board. The Board 
anticipates that the Board, or a duly authorized committee thereof, will 
generally review Eligible Director compensation on an annual basis 
following the IPO. The Director Compensation Policy, as amended from time 
to time, may take into account the time commitment expected of Eligible 
Directors, best practices and market rates in director compensation, the 
economic position of the Company, broader economic conditions, historical 
compensation structure, the advice of the compensation consultant that the 
Compensation Committee or the Board may retain from time to time, and the 
potential dilutive effect of equity awards on our stockholders.
 
Under the Director Compensation Policy, Eligible Directors receive 
compensation in the form of retainers to recognize their level of 
responsibility as well as the necessary time commitment involved in serving 
in a leadership role and/or on Committees. Eligible Directors also receive 
equity compensation because we believe that stock ownership provides an 
incentive to act in ways that maximize long-term stockholder value. 
Further, we believe that stock-based awards are essential to attracting and 
retaining talented Board members. When stock options are granted, these 
stock options will have an exercise price at least equal to the Fair Market 
Value of Common Stock on the date of grant, so that stock options provide a 
return only if the Fair Market Value appreciates over the period in which 
the stock option vests and remains exercisable. We believe that the vesting 
acceleration provided in the case of a Change in Control or other Corporate 
Transaction is consistent with market practices and is critical to 
attracting and retaining high quality directors.