 EX-10.2 3 exhibit10_2.htm ESCROW AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.2



Escrow Agreement


THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT made effective as of this 27th day of March, 2017.


AMONG:


Avonlea Ventures Inc., an Ontario Corporation (AV)


- and 


Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc., an Ontario Corporation (ADH)


-and-


Canadian Cannabis Corp., a Delaware Corporation (CCC)


- and 


Canada Cannabis Corp., an Ontario Corporation (CCCSub)


-and-


2264973 Ontario Inc., an Ontario Corporation (226)


-and-


The Clinic Network Inc., an Ontario Corporation (TCN)


-and-


            Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP, a limited liability
            partnership carrying on the practice of law in the Province of
            Alberta (the Escrow Agent)


WHEREAS:


A.
      AV, ADH, CCC, CCCSub, 226 and TCN have entered into a settlement
      agreement dated March 27, 2017 (the Settlement Agreement) pursuant to
      which the Parties have agreed to resolve and settle certain claims
      amongst them, subject to the terms and conditions of the Settlement
      Agreement.


B.
      Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Parties have agreed to
      appoint the Escrow Agent to receive, hold and administer the
      Additional Amount (the Escrow Amount) and the Deliverables (the 
      Escrow Documents) pursuant to and in accordance with this Escrow
      Agreement.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
C.
      The Escrow Agent is willing to act as escrow agent for the sole
      purposes of dealing with the Escrow Amount and the Escrow Documents.


NOW THEREFORE THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT WITNESSES that in consideration of the 
premises and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the 
Parties hereto have agreed as follows:


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION


1.1 Definitions


Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meaning provided in the Settlement Agreement.


Affiliate means any person which, directly or indirectly, controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with another person; and, for the 
purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative 
meanings, the terms controlled by or under common control with) means 
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies 
of any person, whether through the ownership of shares or other economic 
interests, the holding of voting rights or contractual rights or otherwise.


Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory or 
civic holiday in Calgary, Alberta.  


Person means a natural person, partnership, limited partnership, limited 
liability partnership, syndicates, sole proprietorship, corporation or 
company (with or without share capital), limited liability company, trust, 
unincorporated association or other entity.


1.2 Headings


The headings of Articles and Sections in this Escrow Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or 
interpretation of this Escrow Agreement.


1.3 Included Words


Words importing the singular number only shall include the plural and vice 
versa, and words importing the use of any gender shall include all genders.


1.4 Business Day


Whenever any payment to be made or action to be taken under this Escrow 
Agreement is required to be made or taken on a day other than a Business 
Day, such payment shall be made or action taken on the next Business Day 
following.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.5 Schedules


There are appended to this Escrow Agreement the following schedules 
pertaining to the following matters:


Schedule A
-
Form of Initial Instruction
Schedule B
-
Form of Termination and Release Instruction
Schedule C
-
Form of Escrow Release Instruction

ARTICLE 2
APPOINTMENT OF ESCROW AGENT


2.1 Appointment of Escrow Agent


The Parties hereby appoint the Escrow Agent as the escrow agent to receive, 
hold and administer the Escrow Amount and the Escrow Documents subject to 
the terms and conditions of this Escrow Agreement.


2.2 Acceptance of Appointment


The Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt 
from the Parties of the Escrow Documents and agrees to hold the Escrow 
Documents in escrow subject to the terms of this Escrow Agreement.


ARTICLE 3
DEPOSIT IN ESCROW


3.1 Deposit in Escrow and Investment of Escrow Amount


       (a)     The Escrow Documents shall be delivered to the Escrow Agent
       by the Parties, as applicable.


       (b)     On or prior to the Outside Date, ADH or its nominee shall at
       its option, deliver the Escrow Amount to the Escrow Agent. The
       Escrow Agent shall deposit the Escrow Amount in an interest bearing
       trust account at a Canadian chartered bank.  All interest earned on
       the Escrow Amount and the interest accruing on the Escrow Amount
       shall, for the purposes of any taxes payable in respect of such
       interest, be deemed to accrue for the benefit of CCC.


ARTICLE 4
TERMS OF ESCROW


4.1 Operation of Escrow


       (a)     Upon receipt by the Escrow Agent of all of the Escrow
       Documents, the Escrow Amount and any other necessary related
       documentation to the satisfaction of ADH, ADH shall direct the
       Escrow Agent:


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
          (i)       to release from escrow to ADH the Escrow Documents
          (excluding the Termination and Release Agreement and the Escrow
          Agreement);


          (ii)      to release from escrow and to remit (i) $500,000 of the
          Escrow Amount to ADH; (ii) $10,000 of the Escrow Amount to AV; (
          iii) $20,000 of the Escrow Amount to Beadle Raven LLP; (iv)
          $60,000 of the Escrow Amount to the Escrow Agent; (v) the
          Remaining Fees, the Settlement Costs and the Outstanding Fees 
          from the Escrow Amount to the Escrow Agent; (vi) the Dispute
          Amount and the Restructuring Amount from the Escrow Amount to be
          deposited with the Escrow Agent pursuant to the Post-Closing
          Escrow Agreement; (vii) the remainder of the Escrow Amount to
          CCCSub; pursuant to the instructions set forth in Schedule A 
          attached hereto (the Initial Instruction), and such amounts shall
          be delivered by the Escrow Agent to the respective parties not
          later than the end of the Business Day next following the date of
          receipt of the Initial Instruction (or the end of the second
          Business Day next following the date of receipt of Initial
          Instruction, if such Initial Instruction is received after 11
          a.m., Calgary time).  


       (b)      Upon release by the Escrow Agent of the items set forth in
       Section 4.1(a) of this Escrow Agreement, the TCN Closing shall have
       occurred.


       (c)      Upon (i) CCCs closing of the private placement pursuant to
       the PubCo Agreement, or (ii) a PubCo Arrangement, ADH or its nominee
       shall instruct the Escrow Agent to release from escrow to CCC,
       CCCSub and 2264793, the Termination and Release Agreement pursuant
       to the instructions set forth in Schedule B attached hereto (the 
       Termination and Release Instruction).  


       (d)      Upon release by the Escrow Agent of the Termination and
       Release Agreement, the PubCo Closing shall have occurred.


       (e)      If neither the TCN Closing nor the PubCo Closing has
       occurred by the Outside Date, the Settlement Agreement shall
       terminate and the Parties shall direct the Escrow Agent to return to
       the respective parties any items deposited by such party that are
       held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement, pursuant
       to the instructions set forth in Schedule C attached hereto (the 
       Escrow Release Instruction).  


ARTICLE 5
CONCERNING THE ESCROW AGREEMENT


5.1 Duties, Liability and Indemnification of Escrow Agent


The acceptance by the Escrow Agent of its duties and obligations under this 
Escrow Agreement is subject to the following terms and conditions, which 
the Parties agree will govern and control the Escrow Agent with respect to 
its rights, duties, liabilities and immunities with respect to the Escrow 
Amount and the Escrow Documents:


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
       (a)      neither the Escrow Agent nor its employees, servants,
       agents and associates will be liable or accountable for any loss or
       damage whatsoever to any Person, including but not limited to the
       Parties and each of their officers, directors, shareholders and
       Affiliates, caused by its performance of or its failure to perform
       its duties and responsibilities under this Escrow Agreement, save
       only to the extent that such loss or damage is attributable to the
       gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Escrow Agent, having
       regard to the fact, which is hereby acknowledged by each of the
       Parties, that the Escrow Agent is not engaged in the business of
       providing escrow services;
              (b)      the Escrow Agent will have no duties or
              responsibilities except those which are expressly set forth
              herein, and the rights, duties, liabilities and immunities of
              the Escrow Agent may not be altered without its prior written
              consent;
                     (c)      upon the earlier of either (A) release and
                     delivery by the Escrow Agent of (i) all of the Escrow
                     Amount; (ii) the items pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(i) 
                     of this Escrow Agreement; and (iii) the Termination
                     and Release or (B) release and delivery by the Escrow
                     Agent of any deposited items pursuant to the Escrow
                     Release Instruction, the Escrow Agent will be released
                     and forever discharged from all of its duties and
                     responsibilities hereunder.


                     (d)      in acting hereunder, the Escrow Agent will be
                     severally indemnified and saved harmless by the
                     Parties (each as to an equal share) from all expenses,
                     liabilities, claims, suits, damages, costs (including
                     any costs incurred by the Escrow Agent pursuant to
                     paragraph (e) below) and demands whatsoever and
                     howsoever arising (collectively, the Expenses) in
                     connection with the performance by it of its duties
                     and responsibilities under this Escrow Agreement, save
                     only to the extent that the Expenses arise directly
                     from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the
                     Escrow Agent, its servants, agents and associates,
                     having regard to the fact that the Escrow Agent is not
                     engaged in the business of providing escrow services.
                     This indemnity shall survive the termination of the
                     escrow arrangements provided for in this Escrow
                     Agreement;
                            (e)      the Escrow Agent may retain and act on
                            the opinion or advice obtained from its counsel
                            or other professional advisors (who may be
                            partners or employees of the Escrow Agent) and
                            will not be responsible for any loss occasioned
                            by doing so, nor will it incur any liability or
                            responsibility for deciding in good faith not
                            to act upon such opinion or advice; and


                            (f)      the Escrow Agent may rely upon any
                            direction, document or instrument delivered to
                            it in compliance or purporting to be in
                            compliance with any provision of this Escrow
                            Agreement without any obligation whatsoever for
                            it to make any inquiry as to its genuineness or
                            the correctness of any statement made therein
                            or as to whether amounts are actually due or
                            payable by any other Party to another Party.



                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                      
                     5.2 Resignation of the Escrow Agent


                     The Escrow Agent may resign and be discharged from any
                     further duties or liabilities hereunder by giving five
                     (5) Business Days' written notice to the Parties or
                     such shorter notice as the Parties may accept. Upon
                     the resignation of the Escrow Agent, its successor
                     will be forthwith appointed by the Parties jointly,
                     and failing such appointment, the Escrow Agent may
                     apply to the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta,
                     Judicial District of Calgary, on such notice as such
                     court may direct for the appointment of a new escrow
                     agent and upon such appointment, the Escrow Amount
                     will be transferred to the successor and the successor
                     will be vested with the same powers, rights, duties
                     and responsibilities as if the successor had been
                     originally named as the escrow agent herein.


                     5.3 Actions Instituted by Escrow Agent


                     The Escrow Agent may, but is not obliged to, institute
                     an action in any court of competent jurisdiction
                     seeking instructions, inter alia, as to the release or
                     retention of the Escrow Amount and/or the Escrow
                     Documents and shall be entitled in its sole and
                     arbitrary discretion, in the event of a dispute
                     arising in respect of the Escrow Amount and/or the
                     Escrow Documents, or any portion thereof, or otherwise
                     in respect of this Escrow Agreement, to interplead any
                     such dispute at the Court of Queen's Bench in Calgary,
                     Alberta.


                     5.4 Acknowledgement Respecting the Escrow Agent


                     CCC, CCCSub and 226 each acknowledge that: (a) the
                     Escrow Agent or its servants, agents or associates may
                     have provided legal advice and related services to
                     each of AV and ADH in connection with the transactions
                     contemplated in this Escrow Agreement and agrees that
                     the Escrow Agent may continue to provide legal advice
                     and related services to each of AV and ADH in
                     connection with such agreements; (b) the duties of the
                     Escrow Agent hereunder are purely mechanical; and (c)
                     the Escrow Agent is acting hereunder for the
                     convenience of the Parties and shall not be impeached
                     or accountable because of any conflicting or
                     potentially conflicting duties to each of AV and ADH
                     or any advice provided to either of them.  Further,
                     (i) all costs and expenses incurred by the Escrow
                     Agent in performing its duties hereunder shall be paid
                     by the Parties on a joint and several basis, and will
                     be those usually charged in performing legal services
                     which will be based on the Escrow Agent's standard
                     hourly rates in effect from time to time, and (ii) all
                     Expenses for which the Parties are made severally
                     liable pursuant to Section 5.1(d) shall, as between
                     the Parties, be paid by the Parties on a joint and
                     several basis (in each case, without prejudice to any
                     arrangements between the Parties as to expenses and
                     indemnities between them).


                     Notwithstanding the first paragraph in this Section
                     5.4, in the event of a dispute between the Parties
                     with respect to the transactions contemplated in this
                     Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Agent may, at its option,
                     cease to provide advice to each of AV and ADH and each
                     of AV and ADH would be required to seek new counsel.


                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     5.5 Compliance with Judgements


                     If any dispute arises out of this Escrow Agreement or
                     any process is commenced against the subject matter of
                     this Escrow Agreement, including court orders,
                     garnishees or any other processes, the Escrow Agent is
                     hereby empowered and entitled to comply with any
                     orders, writs, judgements or decrees or, if it sees
                     fit, to deliver the subject matter of the escrow to
                     the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta.


                     ARTICLE 6
                     OTHER MATTERS


                     6.1 Governing Law


                     This Escrow Agreement shall, in all respects, be
                     subject to, interpreted, construed and enforced in
                     accordance with and under the laws of the Province of
                     Alberta and the laws of Canada applicable therein and
                     shall, in all respects, be treated as a contract made
                     in the Province of Alberta. The Parties irrevocably
                     attorn and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
                     courts of the Province of Alberta and courts of appeal
                     therefrom in respect of all matters arising out of or
                     in connection with this Escrow Agreement.


                     6.2 Enurement


                     This Escrow Agreement shall be binding upon and shall
                     enure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
                     respective administrators, trustees, receivers,
                     successors and permitted assigns and transferees.


                     6.3 Assignment


                     This Escrow Agreement and the rights and obligations
                     hereunder will not be assignable, in whole or in part,
                     by the Parties (excluding ADH and AV) without the
                     prior written consent of ADH. Each of ADH and AV may,
                     upon giving written notice to the other Parties, shall
                     have the right to assign its rights and obligations
                     hereunder to any person in its sole discretion.


                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     6.4 Notices


                     The addresses for service and the fax numbers of the
                     parties hereto shall be as follows:


                     ADH or AV


                     Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc.
                     Avonlea Ventures Inc.
                     15466 The Gore Road
                     Caledon, ON L7C 3E5
                     Attention:
                       Michael Steele

                     Fax:
                     (905) 880-7866
                      


                     Email:


                     steeleconsult@aol.com
                     CCC, CCCSub or 226:


                     Canadian Cannabis Corp.
                     2368 Lakeshore Road West, Suite 205
                     Oakville, ON  L6L 1H5
                     Attention:
                       Scott Kevil

                     Fax:
                       (416) 596-0907



                     Email:


                     scott.kevil@gmail.com
                     TCN


                     The Clinic Network Inc.
                     5025 Orbiter Drive  Building 1  Suite 401
                     Mississauga, Ontario
                     L4W 4Y5




                     Fax: (905) 233-2421



                     Email:
                       kim@theclinicnetwork.ca
                     Escrow Agent:


                     Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP
                     Suite 3700
                     400 3rd Ave SW
                     Calgary AB  T2P 4H2
                     Canada
                     Attention:            James O'Sullivan

                     Fax:
                     (403) 264-5973



                     Email:
                     james.osullivan@nortonrosefulbright.com
                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     All notices, communications and statements required,
                     permitted or contemplated hereunder shall be in
                     writing, and shall be delivered as follows:


                            (a)      by personal service on a party at the
                            address of such party set out above, in which
                            case the item so served shall be deemed to have
                            been received by that party when personally
                            served;


                            (b)      by confirmed facsimile transmission to
                            a party to the fax number of such party set out
                            above, in which case the item so transmitted
                            shall be deemed to have been received by that
                            party when transmitted; or


                            (c)      except in the event of an actual or
                            threatened postal strike or other labour
                            disruption that may affect mail service, by
                            mailing first class registered post, postage
                            prepaid, to a party at the address of such
                            party set out above, in which case the item so
                            mailed shall be deemed to have been received by
                            that party on the third Business Day following
                            the date of mailing.


                     A party may from time to time change its address for
                     service or its fax number or both by giving written
                     notice of such change to the other parties in
                     accordance with the provisions hereof.


                     6.5 Counterpart and Facsimile


                     This Escrow Agreement may be executed in any number of
                     separate counterparts and all such signed counterparts
                     constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery by
                     facsimile or other electronic means of an originally
                     executed signature page to this Escrow Agreement by
                     any party shall be binding on all parties hereto.


                     [signatures on following page]





                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed
                     this Escrow Agreement as of the day and year first
                     above written.



                     AVONLEA VENTURES INC.



                     AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.
                     Per:


                     /s/ Michael Steele



                     Per:


                     /s/ Michael Steele



                     Name: Michael Steele
                     Title:   President and CEO




                     Name: Michael Steele
                     Title:   President and CEO


                     CANADIAN CANNABIS CORP.



                     CANADA CANNABIS CORP.
                      
                     Per:


                     /s/ Scott Keevil



                     Per:


                     /s/ Scott Keevil



                     Name: Scott Keevil
                     Title: Director





                     Name: Scott Keevil
                     Title: Director

                     2264793 ONTARIO INC.


                     THE CLINIC NETWORK INC.


                     Per:


                     /s/ Scott Keevil



                     Per:


                     Kim Wei



                     Name: Scott Keevil
                     Title: Director





                     Name: Kim Wei
                     Title:  Managing Director







                     NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT CANADA LLP



                     Per:


                     /s/ James OSullivan






                     Name: James OSullivan
                     Title: Partner












                     [signature page to Escrow Agreement]





                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     SCHEDULE A


                     INITIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTION


                     TO:
                     Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP
                           Suite 3700, 400 3rd Ave SW
                           Calgary AB  T2P 4H2, Canada
                           Attention:  James O'Sullivan


                           RE:     Escrow Agreement dated as of March 27th
                           , 2017 between Avonlea Ventures Inc.,
                           Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc., Canadian Cannabis
                           Corp., Canada Cannabis Corp., 2264793 Ontario
                           Inc., The Clinic Network Inc. and Norton Rose
                           Fulbright Canada LLP (the Escrow Agreement)
                           ______________________________________________________________________________________________________
                     All capitalized terms used herein will have the
                     meaning ascribed to such terms in the Escrow
                     Agreement.


                     The undersigned hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
                     direct you as Escrow Agent, in accordance with the
                     Escrow Agreement, that (i) $500,000 is to be released
                     to ADH; (ii) $10,000 to be released to AV; (iii)
                     $20,000 is to be released to Beadle Raven LLP; (iv)
                     $60,000, the Remaining Fees, the Settlement Costs and
                     the Outstanding Fees is to be released to the Escrow
                     Agent in payment of legal fees; (v) the Dispute Amount
                     and the Restructuring Amount is to be released to the
                     Escrow Agent for deposit with the Escrow Agent
                     pursuant to the Post-Closing Escrow Agreement; and
                     (vi) the remainder of the Escrow Amount is to be
                     released to CCCSub (or at its direction); all in
                     accordance with Section 4.1(a) of the Escrow Agreement
                     and the instructions set forth below.


                     Beadle Raven LLP


                     CIBC
                     Institution #010
                     Swift Address: CIBCCATT
                     Transit #00010
                     400 Burrard Street
                     Vancouver BC Canada


                     Beneficiary Name and Account Number: Beadle Raven LLP,
                     in trust
                     Account Number: 14-13716


                     Canada Cannabis Corp.


                     Bank of Montreal
                     200 King Street West
                     Toronto, Ontario
                     Institution #0001
                     Transit #24182
                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     Beneficiary Name:  William Harvey Jones
                     Account Number: 1032-867
                     Swift: BOFMCAM2


                     Avonlea Drewry-Holdings Inc.


                     Bank Name: CIBC
                     Swift Code: CIBCCATT

                     Bank Address: 1 QUEEN ST. E.
                                             TORONTO, ON  M5C 2W5
                                             CANADA
                     Account Number: 009020106756212

                     Beneficiary Name:      AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.
                     Beneficiary Address:  15466 THE GORE ROAD
                                                       CALEDON, ON  L7C 3E5



                     Avonlea Ventures Inc.


                     Bank Name: CIBC
                     Swift Code: CIBCCATT
                     Bank Address:  1 QUEEN ST. E.
                                             TORONTO, ON  M5C 2W5
                                             CANADA
                     Account Number: 009020108322015

                     Beneficiary Name:    AVONLEA VENTURES INC.
                     Beneficiary Address:   15466 THE GORE ROAD
                                                       CALEDON, ON  L7C 3E5
                                                       CANADA

                     Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP


                     TD Bank
                     340  5th Avenue SW Calgary, Alberta T2P 0L3
                     Transit: 80609
                     Bank code (Institution #): 004
                     Account: 0637591
                     Account name: Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP Trust 
                     Account
                     Swift Code: TDOMCATTTOR
                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      

                     DATED this ___ day of ________________, 20__.


                     AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.




                     Per:







                     Name:
                     Title:   







                     Acknowledged by:




                     NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT CANADA LLP as Escrow Agent




                     Per:







                     Name: James OSullivan
                     Title:
                     Partner











                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     SCHEDULE B


                     TERMINATION AND RELEASE INSTRUCTION


                     TO:
                     Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP
                           Suite 3700, 400 3rd Ave SW
                           Calgary AB  T2P 4H2, Canada
                           Attention:  James O'Sullivan


                           RE:     Escrow Agreement dated as of March 27th
                           , 2017 between Avonlea Ventures Inc.,
                           Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc., Canadian Cannabis
                           Corp., Canada Cannabis Corp., 2264793 Ontario
                           Inc., the Clinic Network Inc. and Norton Rose
                           Fulbright Canada LLP (the Escrow Agreement)
                           ______________________________________________________________________________
                     All capitalized terms used herein will have the
                     meaning ascribed to such terms in the Escrow
                     Agreement.


                     The undersigned hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
                     direct you as Escrow Agent, in accordance with the
                     Escrow Agreement, to release to CCC, CCCSub and
                     2264793, the Termination and Release Agreement, all in
                     accordance with Section 4.1(c) of the Escrow
                     Agreement.


                     DATED this ___ day of ________________, 20__.


                     AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.




                     Per:







                     Name:
                     Title:   





                     Acknowledged by:




                     NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT CANADA LLP as Escrow Agent




                     Per:







                     Name: James OSullivan
                     Title:
                     Partner











                     ---------------------------------------------------
                      
                     SCHEDULE C


                     ESCROW RELEASE INSTRUCTION


                     TO:
                     Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP
                           Suite 3700, 400 3rd Ave SW
                           Calgary AB  T2P 4H2, Canada
                           Attention:  James O'Sullivan


                           RE:     Escrow Agreement dated as of March 27th
                           , 2017 between Avonlea Ventures Inc.,
                           Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc., Canadian Cannabis
                           Corp., Canada Cannabis Corp., 2264793 Ontario
                           Inc., The Clinic Network Inc. and Norton Rose
                           Fulbright Canada LLP (the Escrow Agreement)
                           ______________________________________________________________________________
                     All capitalized terms used herein will have the
                     meaning ascribed to such terms in the Escrow
                     Agreement.


                     The undersigned hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
                     direct you as Escrow Agent, in accordance with the
                     Escrow Agreement, to release to the respective Parties
                     any items deposited by the Party held by the Escrow
                     Agent, all in accordance with Section 4.1(e) of the
                     Escrow Agreement.


                     DATED this ___ day of ________________, 20___.


                     AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.



                     AVONLEA VENTURES INC.


                     Per:



                     Per:




                     Name:
                     Title:   



                     Name:
                     Title:
                     CANADIAN CANNABIS CORP.

                     CANADA CANNABIS CORP.
                     Per:



                     Per:





                     Name:
                     Title:





                     Name:
                     Title:
                     2264793 ONTARIO INC.
                     THE CLINIC NETWORK

                     Per:



                     Per:





                     Name:
                     Title:




                     Name
                     Title:



                     Name:
                     Title:
                     Acknowledged by:




                     NORTON ROSE FULBRIGHT CANADA LLP as Escrow Agent




                     Per:







                     Name: James OSullivan
                     Title:
                     Partner













