 EX-10 2 exh101mcigstockcancel1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
STOCK CANCELLATION AGREEMENT
 
            THIS STOCK CANCELLATION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as 
of February 10, 2017, by and between mCig, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
(“mCig”) and Paul Rosenberg, a Virginia resident, (collectively the 
“Holder”).
 
RECITALS
 
            1.         Holder holds an aggregate of 15,900,000 shares of 
mCig Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Stock”).
 
            2.         Holder desires to cancel 2,000,000 Series A 
Preferred Stock in exchange for cash consideration from mCig of Two Hundred 
Dollars ($200) to be paid to Holder in cash upon closing (the 
“Consideration”).
 
AGREEMENT
           
            NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the 
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as 
follows:
 
            1.         Cancellation of Stock.  Effective as of the date of 
this Agreement, Holder relinquishes all right, title and interest in and to 
the Options, which are hereby canceled, retired, terminated and void.
 
            2.         Acknowledgment of Consideration.  The Holder 
acknowledges that the Consideration to be received is in full consideration 
of the cancellation and/or retirement of the Stock.
 
            3.         Surrender of Stock.  Holder agrees that as a 
condition to the receipt of the Consideration, Holder will surrender to 
mCig the original Stock Certificates issued and applicable to 2,000,000 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.
 
            4.         Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Holder
.  Holder represents, warrants and covenants as follows:
 
                        (a)        Holder has full power and authority to 
enter into, executive, deliver and perform Holder’s obligations under this 
Agreement, to make the representations, warranties and covenants in this 
Agreement and to perform Holder’s obligations under this Agreement.
 
                        (b)       All Stock owned by Holder are free and 
clear of any rights of first refusal, co-sale rights, security interests, 
liens, pledges, claims, options, charges or other encumbrances.
 
                        (c)        Holder agrees to execute and deliver any 
additional documents reasonably necessary or desirable, in the 
determination of mCig, to carry out the purposes and intent of this 
Agreement.
 
__________           __________
  Holder                       MCIG 
 
­
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.         Representations, Warranties and Covenants of mCig.  mCig 
represents, warrants and covenants as follows:
 
                        (a)        mCig agrees to honor all consulting 
agreements with Rosenberg currently in place and will not terminate any 
such agreements, without paying the full amount to be collected under the 
original terms of the agreements.
 
                        (b)        mCig agrees that Paul Rosenberg will 
remain its Chief Executive Officer and President for a period of two (2) 
years, unless Mr. Rosenberg voluntarily resigns his post.
 
                        (c)        mCig agrees that in the event the Two 
Hundred Dollars ($200) of consideration is not paid in full as agreed 
herewith, mCig will reissue to the Holder Twenty Million Shares of Common 
Stock.
 
            6.         Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed 
and enforced in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the 
State of Nevada without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.
 
            7.         Successors and Assigns.  All the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of the parties hereto and their respective executors, heirs, legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.
 
            8.         Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by the 
parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and 
delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall 
together constitute but one and the same instrument.  A telecopy or 
facsimile transmission of a signed counterpart of this Agreement shall be 
sufficient to bind the party or parties whose signature(s) appear(s) 
thereon.
                       
 
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as 
of the date first set forth above.
 
Holder
mCig, Inc.
 
By: /s/ Paul Rosenberg
 
By: /s/ Michael W.Hawkins
 
Paul Rosenberg
Michael W. Hawkins
 
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
2
 
 
 
­