 EX-10.5 3 d102835dex105.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5

FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement is effective as of [●] (this Agreement) 
and is between Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and the undersigned director/officer of the Company 
(Indemnitee).


Background

The Company believes that, in order to attract and retain highly competent 
persons to serve as directors or in other capacities, including as 
officers, it must provide such persons with adequate protection through 
indemnification against the risks of claims and actions against them 
arising out of their services to and activities on behalf of the Company.

The Company desires and has requested Indemnitee to serve as a director 
and/or officer of the Company and, in order to induce the Indemnitee to 
serve in such capacity, the Company is willing to grant the Indemnitee the 
indemnification provided for herein. Indemnitee is willing to so serve on 
the basis that such indemnification be provided.

The parties by this Agreement desire to set forth their agreement regarding 
indemnification and the advancement of expenses.

In consideration of Indemnitees service to the Company and the covenants 
and agreements set forth below, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, 
the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows.

Section 1. Indemnification.

To the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State 
of Delaware (the DGCL):

(a) The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is made or 
is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, as a 
witness or otherwise, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding (brought in the right of the Company or otherwise), whether 
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or 
informal, including appeals, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was or has agreed to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or 
was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a 
director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall 
include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of 
another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, 
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any 
action alleged to have been taken or omitted in any such capacity.

(b) The indemnification provided by this Section 1 shall be from and 
against all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys 
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and 
reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such 
action, suit or proceeding, including any appeals.

Section 2. Advance Payment of Expenses. To the fullest extent permitted by 
the DGCL, expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by Indemnitee in 
appearing at, participating in or defending any action, suit or proceeding 
or in connection with an enforcement action as

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contemplated by Section 3(e), shall be paid by the Company in advance of 
the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding within 30 days 
after receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee 
requesting such advance or advances from time to time. The Indemnitee 
hereby undertakes to repay any amounts advanced (without interest) to the 
extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled 
under this Agreement to be indemnified by the Company in respect thereof. 
No other form of undertaking shall be required of Indemnitee other than the 
execution of this Agreement. This Section 2 shall be subject to Section 
3(b) and shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which 
indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 6.

Section 3. Procedure for Indemnification, Notification and Defense of 
Claim.

(a) Promptly after receipt by Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of 
any action, suit or proceeding, Indemnitee shall, if a claim in respect 
thereof is to be made against the Company hereunder, notify the Company in 
writing of the commencement thereof. The failure to promptly notify the 
Company of the commencement of the action, suit or proceeding, or of 
Indemnitees request for indemnification, will not relieve the Company from 
any liability that it may have to Indemnitee hereunder, except to the 
extent the Company is actually and materially prejudiced in its defense of 
such action, suit or proceeding as a result of such failure. To obtain 
indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the 
Company a written request therefor including such documentation and 
information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably 
necessary to enable the Company to determine whether and to what extent 
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification.

(b) With respect to any action, suit or proceeding of which the Company is 
so notified as provided in this Agreement, the Company shall, subject to 
the last two sentences of this paragraph, be entitled to assume the defense 
of such action, suit or proceeding, with counsel reasonably acceptable to 
Indemnitee, upon the delivery to Indemnitee of written notice of its 
election to do so. After delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel 
by Indemnitee and the retention of such counsel by the Company, the Company 
will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any 
subsequently-incurred fees of separate counsel engaged by Indemnitee with 
respect to the same action, suit or proceeding unless the employment of 
separate counsel by Indemnitee has been previously authorized in writing by 
the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Indemnitee, based on the 
advice of his or her counsel, shall have reasonably concluded (with written 
notice being given to the Company setting forth the basis for such 
conclusion) that, in the conduct of any such defense, there is or is 
reasonably likely to be a conflict of interest or position between the 
Company and Indemnitee with respect to a significant issue, then the 
Company will not be entitled, without the written consent of Indemnitee, to 
assume such defense. In addition, the Company will not be entitled, without 
the written consent of Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any claim 
brought by or in the right of the Company.

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, the Companys assumption 
of the defense of an action, suit or proceeding in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above will constitute an irrevocable acknowledgement by the 
Company that any loss and liability suffered by Indemnitee and expenses 
(including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement by or for the account of Indemnitee incurred in connection 
therewith are indemnifiable by the Company under Section 1 of this 
Agreement.

(d) The determination whether to grant Indemnitees indemnification request 
shall be made promptly and in any event within 30 days following the 
Companys receipt of a request for indemnification in accordance with 
Section 3(a). If the Company determines that
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indemnitee is entitled to such indemnification or, as contemplated by 
paragraph (c) above, the Company has acknowledged such entitlement, the 
Company will make payment to Indemnitee of the indemnifiable amount within 
such 30 day period. If the Company is not deemed to have so acknowledged 
such entitlement or the Companys determination of whether to grant 
Indemnitees indemnification request shall not have been made within such 
30 day period, the requisite determination of entitlement to 
indemnification shall, subject to Section 6, nonetheless be deemed to have 
been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent 
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a 
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially 
misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a 
prohibition of such indemnification under the DGCL.

(e) In the event that (i) the Company determines in accordance with this 
Section 3 that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this 
Agreement, (ii) the Company denies a request for indemnification, in whole 
or in part, or fails to respond or make a determination of entitlement to 
indemnification within 30 days following receipt of a request for 
indemnification as described above, (iii) payment of indemnification is not 
made within such 30 day period, (iv) advancement of expenses is not timely 
made in accordance with Section 2, or (v) the Company or any other person 
takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or 
unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or proceeding 
designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided 
or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be 
entitled to an adjudication in any court of competent jurisdiction of his 
or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses. 
Indemnitees expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection 
with successfully establishing Indemnitees right to indemnification or 
advancement of expenses, in whole or in part, in any such proceeding or 
otherwise shall also be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent 
permitted by the DGCL.

(f) Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification and 
advancement of expenses under this Agreement upon submission of a request 
therefor in accordance with Section 2 or Section 3 of this Agreement, as 
the case may be. The Company shall have the burden of proof in overcoming 
such presumption, and such presumption shall be used as a basis for a 
determination of entitlement to indemnification and advancement of expenses 
unless the Company overcomes such presumption by clear and convincing 
evidence.

Section 4. Insurance and Subrogation.

(a) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to purchase and 
maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance 
companies with A.M. Best ratings of A or better, Fitch ratings of BBBq 
or better, Moodys ratings of Baa2 or better or Standard & Poors ratings 
of BBBpi or better, providing Indemnitee with coverage for any liability 
asserted against, and incurred by, Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf by 
reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a 
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or while serving as a 
director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to 
serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or 
agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, 
partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan 
or other enterprise, or arising out of Indemnitees status as such, whether 
or not the Company would have the power to indemnify Indemnitee against 
such liability under the provisions of this Agreement. Such insurance 
policies shall have coverage terms and policy limits at least as favorable 
to Indemnitee as the insurance coverage provided to any other director or 
officer of the Company. If the Company has such insurance in effect at the 
time the Company
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
receives from Indemnitee any notice of the commencement of an action, suit 
or proceeding, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of 
such action, suit or proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the policy. The Company shall thereafter take all 
necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of 
Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in 
accordance with the terms of such policy.

(b) Subject to Section 9(b), in the event of any payment by the Company 
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such 
payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee with respect to any 
insurance policy. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all 
action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such 
documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce 
such rights in accordance with the terms of such insurance policy. The 
Company shall pay or reimburse all expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such subrogation.

(c) Subject to Section 9(b), the Company shall not be liable under this 
Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder 
(including, but not limited to, judgments, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement, and ERISA excise taxes or penalties) if and to the extent that 
Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under this 
Agreement or any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

Section 5. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the 
following definitions shall apply:

(a) The term action, suit or proceeding shall be broadly construed and 
shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, 
prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving 
of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed claim, action, suit, 
arbitration, alternative dispute mechanism or proceeding, whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative.

(b) The term by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed 
to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or while 
serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has 
agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, 
employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, 
partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan 
or other enterprise shall be broadly construed and shall include, without 
limitation, any actual or alleged act or omission to act.

(c) The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, 
without limitation, all direct and indirect costs of any type or nature 
whatsoever (including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and related 
disbursements, appeal bonds, other out-of-pocket costs and reasonable 
compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which Indemnitee is not 
otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party), actually and 
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with either the 
investigation, defense or appeal of an action, suit or proceeding or 
establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Agreement 
or otherwise incurred in connection with a claim that is indemnifiable 
hereunder.

(d) The term judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement shall be 
broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, all direct and 
indirect payments of any type or nature whatsoever, as well as any 
penalties or excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee 
benefit plan).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6. Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other 
provision herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated 
pursuant to this Agreement:

(a) Claims Initiated by Indemnitee. To indemnify or advance expenses to 
Indemnitee with respect to an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof), 
however denominated, initiated by Indemnitee, other than (i) an action, 
suit or proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to 
indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement (which 
shall be governed by the provisions of Section 6(b) of this Agreement) and 
(ii) an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or 
consented to by the Board of Directors of the Company, it being understood 
and agreed that such authorization or consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld in connection with any compulsory counterclaim brought by 
Indemnitee in response to an action, suit or proceeding otherwise 
indemnifiable under this agreement.

(b) Action for Indemnification. To indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses 
incurred by Indemnitee with respect to any action, suit or proceeding 
instituted by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this Agreement, unless 
Indemnitee is successful in such action, suit or proceeding in establishing 
Indemnitees right, in whole or in part, to indemnification or advancement 
of expenses hereunder (in which case such indemnification or advancement 
shall be to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL), or unless and to the 
extent that the court in such action, suit or proceeding shall determine 
that, despite Indemnitees failure to establish their right to 
indemnification, Indemnitee is entitled to indemnity for such expenses; 
provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6(b) is intended to limit 
the Companys obligations with respect to the advancement of expenses to 
Indemnitee in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding 
instituted by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this Agreement, as 
provided in Section 2 hereof.

(c) Section 16(b) Matters. To indemnify Indemnitee on account of any suit 
in which judgment is rendered against Indemnitee for disgorgement of 
profits made from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the 
Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 16(b) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(d) Fraud or Willful Misconduct. To indemnify Indemnitee on account of 
conduct by Indemnitee where such conduct has been determined by a final 
(not interlocutory) judgment or other adjudication of a court or 
arbitration or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as to which 
there is no further right or option of appeal or the time within which an 
appeal must be filed has expired without such filing to have been knowingly 
fraudulent or constitute willful misconduct.

(e) Prohibited by Law. To indemnify Indemnitee in any circumstance where 
such indemnification has been determined by a final (not interlocutory) 
judgment or other adjudication of a court or arbitration or administrative 
body of competent jurisdiction as to which there is no further right or 
option of appeal or the time within which an appeal must be filed has 
expired without such filing to be prohibited by law.

Section 7. Certain Settlement Provisions. The Company shall have no 
obligation to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts 
paid in settlement of any action, suit or proceeding without the Companys 
prior written consent. The Company shall not settle any action, suit or 
proceeding in any manner that would impose any fine or other obligation on 
Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent. Neither the Company 
nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold his, her, its or their consent to 
any proposed settlement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8. Savings Clause. If any provision or provisions (or portion 
thereof) of this Agreement shall be invalidated on any ground by any court 
of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify 
Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is made or is threatened to be made a party 
or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, 
suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Company or otherwise), 
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal 
or informal, including appeals, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was or has agreed to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or 
was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a 
director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall 
include a trustee, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, 
employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any action 
alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, from and against 
all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees), 
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred by or 
on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, 
including any appeals, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable 
portion of this Agreement that shall not have been invalidated.

Section 9. Contribution/Jointly Indemnifiable Claims.

(a) In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in 
circumstances in which the indemnification provided for herein is held by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or 
in part, it is agreed that, in such event, the Company shall, to the 
fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, contribute to the payment of all of 
Indemnitees loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys 
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred 
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or 
proceeding, including any appeals, in an amount that is just and equitable 
in the circumstances; provided, that, without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, such contribution shall not be required where such holding 
by the court is due to any limitation on indemnification set forth in 
Section 4(c), 6 (other than clause (e)) or 7 hereof.

(b) Given that certain jointly indemnifiable claims may arise due to the 
service of the Indemnitee as a director and/or officer of the Company at 
the request of the Indemnitee-related entities, the Company acknowledges 
and agrees that the Company shall be fully and primarily responsible for 
the payment to the Indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement 
of expenses in connection with any such jointly indemnifiable claim, 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, 
irrespective of any right of recovery the Indemnitee may have from the 
Indemnitee-related entities. Under no circumstance shall the Company be 
entitled to any right of subrogation against or contribution by the 
Indemnitee-related entities and no right of advancement, indemnification or 
recovery the Indemnitee may have from the Indemnitee-related entities shall 
reduce or otherwise alter the rights of the Indemnitee or the obligations 
of the Company hereunder. In the event that any of the Indemnitee-related 
entities shall make any payment to the Indemnitee in respect of 
indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly 
indemnifiable claim, the Indemnitee-related entity making such payment 
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of 
recovery of the Indemnitee against the Company, and Indemnitee shall 
execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may be 
reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such 
documents as may be necessary to enable the Indemnitee-related entities 
effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. The Company and 
Indemnitee agree that each of
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Indemnitee-related entities shall be third-party beneficiaries with 
respect to this Section 9(b), entitled to enforce this Section 9(b) as 
though each such Indemnitee-related entity were a party to this Agreement. 
For purposes of this Section 9(b), the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:

(i) The term Indemnitee-related entities means any corporation, limited 
liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan 
or other enterprise (other than the Company or any other corporation, 
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee 
benefit plan or other enterprise Indemnitee has agreed, on behalf of the 
Company or at the Companys request, to serve as a director, officer, 
employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described 
in this Agreement) from whom an Indemnitee may be entitled to 
indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to which, in whole 
or in part, the Company may also have an indemnification or advancement 
obligation (other than as a result of obligations under an insurance 
policy).

(ii) The term jointly indemnifiable claims shall be broadly construed and 
shall include, without limitation, any action, suit or proceeding for which 
the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of 
expenses from both the Indemnitee-related entities and the Company pursuant 
to the DGCL, any agreement or the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, 
partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of formation, 
certificate of limited partnership or comparable organizational documents 
of the Company or the Indemnitee-related entities, as applicable.

Section 10. Form and Delivery of Communications. All notices, requests, 
demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing 
and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand, upon 
receipt by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have 
been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage 
prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, 
(c) mailed by reputable overnight courier, one day after deposit with such 
courier and with written verification of receipt or (d) sent by email or 
facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such 
transmission has been received. Notice to the Company shall be directed to 
Tom Morey, General Counsel, by email at TMorey@pkhotelsandresorts.com or by 
telephone at (703) 962-7629. Notice to Indemnitee shall be directed to 
Indemnitees contact information on file with the Companys Corporate 
Secretary or its Human Resources Department.

Section 11. Nonexclusivity. The provisions for indemnification and 
advancement of expenses set forth in this Agreement shall not be deemed 
exclusive of any other rights which Indemnitee may have under any provision 
of law, in any court in which a proceeding is brought, other agreements or 
otherwise, and Indemnitees rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of 
the heirs, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. No amendment or 
alteration of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any 
other agreement shall adversely affect the rights provided to Indemnitee 
under this Agreement.

Section 12. No Construction as Employment Agreement. Nothing contained 
herein shall be construed as giving Indemnitee any right to be retained as 
a director of the Company or in the employ of the Company. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the indemnification and advancement of expenses 
provided under this Agreement shall continue as to the Indemnitee even 
though he may have ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of 
the Company.

Section 13. Interpretation of Agreement. It is understood that the parties 
hereto intend this Agreement to be interpreted and enforced so as to 
provide indemnification to Indemnitee to the fullest extent now or 
hereafter permitted by the DGCL.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents expressly 
referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties 
hereto with respect to the matters covered hereby, and any other prior or 
contemporaneous oral or written understandings or agreements with respect 
to the matters covered hereby are expressly superseded by this Agreement.

Section 15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, waiver or 
amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by 
both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other 
provision hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute 
a continuing waiver. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement may not be 
terminated by the Company without Indemnitees prior written consent.

Section 16. Successor and Assigns. All of the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of and shall be 
enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, 
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Company 
shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by 
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all 
of the business or assets of such Indemnitor, by written agreement in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume 
and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same 
extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession 
had taken place.

Section 17. Service of Process and Venue. The Company and Indemnitee hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only 
in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and 
not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or 
any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) appoint, to the 
extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the 
State of Delaware, irrevocably Corporation Service Company, 2711 
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808 as its agent in the 
State of Delaware as such partys agent for acceptance of legal process in 
connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the 
same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally 
within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of 
venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) 
waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or 
proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or 
inconvenient forum.

Section 18. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. If a court 
of competent jurisdiction shall make a final determination that the 
provisions of the law of any state other than Delaware govern 
indemnification by the Company of Indemnitee, then the indemnification 
provided under this Agreement shall in all instances be enforceable to the 
fullest extent permitted under such law, notwithstanding any provision of 
this Agreement to the contrary.

Section 19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument, 
notwithstanding that both parties are not signatories to the original or 
same counterpart.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 20. Headings. The section and subsection headings contained in this 
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way 
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

This Indemnification Agreement has been duly executed and delivered to be 
effective as of the date stated above.
 
PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC. 	  	 	  	INDEMNITEE
By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Title:
 
9