 EX-10.33 4 ex10-33.htm EXHIBIT 10.33
Exhibit 10.33
 
 
    SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of 
February __, 2017, between Celsion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the 
“Company”), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto 
(each, including its successors and assigns, a “Purchaser” and collectively 
the “Purchasers”).
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the Company desires to 
issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as 
more fully described in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1          Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in 
this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms 
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:
 
“Acquiring Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.5.
 
    “Action” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(j).
 
    “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one
    or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
    control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under
    Rule 405 under the Securities Act.
 
    “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Company.
 
    “Business Day” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day
    which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on
    which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
    required by law or other governmental action to close.
 
    “Closing” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities
    pursuant to Section 2.1.
 
    “Closing Date” means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction
    Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
    thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers’
    obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company’s
    obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been
    satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the third Trading Day
    following the date hereof.
 
    “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange
    Commission.
 
    “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01
    per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
    may hereafter be reclassified or changed.
 
    “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
    Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
    time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
    stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
    entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
 
    “Company Counsel” means Sidley Austin LLP, 1001 Page Mill Road,
    Building 1, Palo Alto, CA 94304.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    “Evaluation Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(s).
 
    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
    and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
     
    “Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock,
    options or other equity awards to employees, officers or directors of
    the Company pursuant to any stock, option or other equity incentive
    plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
    members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a
    committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose, (b)
    securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any
    Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or
    exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and
    outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such
    securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to
    increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
    price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other
    than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the
    term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to
    acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the
    disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance
    shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which
    is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an
    owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the
    Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
    addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a
    transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for
    the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
    is investing in securities.
 
    “FCPA” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
  
    “FDA” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).
 
    “FDCA” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).
 
    “GAAP” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).
 
    “Indebtedness” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(aa).
 
    “Intellectual Property Rights” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 3.1(p).
 
    “Liens” means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance,
    right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
 
    “Material Adverse Effect” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
    in Section 3.1(b).
 
    “Material Permits” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(n).
 
    “Per Share Purchase Price” equals $__, subject to adjustment for
    reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
    and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
    date of this Agreement.
 
    “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
    incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
    liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or
    subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
 
    “Pharmaceutical Product” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
    in Section 3.1(hh).
 
    “Placement Agent” means Rodman & Renshaw, a unit of H.C. Wainwright &
    Co., LLC.
 
    “Preliminary Prospectus” means, any preliminary prospectus relating to
    the Securities included in the Registration Statement or filed with the
    Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    “Proceeding” means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding
    (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial
    proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.
 
    “Prospectus” means the final prospectus filed for the Registration
    Statement.
     
    “Prospectus Supplement” means, if any, any supplement to the Prospectus
    complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
    Commission.
 
    “Purchaser Party” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.8.
 
    “Registration Statement” means, collectively, the various parts of the
    registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-1 (file No.
    333-215321) with respect to the Securities, each as amended as of the
    date hereof, including the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, if
    any, the Preliminary Prospectus, and all exhibits filed with or
    incorporated by reference into such registration statement.
 
    “Required Approvals” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(e).
 
    “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
    time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
    Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
    Rule.
 
    “Rule 424” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
    time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the
    Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
    Rule.
 
    “SEC Reports” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(h).
 
    “Securities” means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.
 
    “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
    rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
    “Series AA Warrants” means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase
    warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with
    Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately
    following their issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five (5)
    years from the initial date of exercise, in the form of Exhibit A-1 
    attached hereto.
     
    “Series BB Warrants” means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock
    purchase warrants delivered to the certain Purchasers at the Closing in
    accordance with Sections 2.1 and 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be
    exercisable immediately following their issuance, in the form of 
    Exhibit A-2 attached hereto.
 
    “Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each
    Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.
 
    “Short Sales” means all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of
    Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
    include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common
    Stock). 
 
    “SMRH” means Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP, with offices
    located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112-0015.
     
    “Subscription Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount
    to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
    below such Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this Agreement and
    next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United States dollars and
    in immediately available funds (other than, if applicable, a
    Purchaser’s aggregate exercise price of Series BB Warrants, which
    amounts shall be paid as and when such Warrants are exercised for
    cash).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    “Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the
    SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
    indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date
    hereof.
 
    “Trading Day” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open
    for trading.
 
    “Trading Market” means any of the following markets or exchanges on
    which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
    question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
    Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
    (or any successors to any of the foregoing).
 
    “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Warrants and any
    other documents or agreements executed in connection with the
    transactions contemplated hereunder.
 
    “Transfer Agent” means American Stock Transfer & Trust Company with a
    mailing address of 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219 and a facsimile
    number of (718) 765-8712, the current transfer agent of the Company,
    and any successor transfer agent of the Company.
 
    “Variable Rate Transaction” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 4.12(b).
 
    “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
    exercise of the Warrants.
 
    “Warrants” means, collectively, the Series AA Warrants and Series BB
    Warrants.
 
  
ARTICLE II.
PURCHASE AND SALE
 
2.1        Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the 
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $ 
__ of Shares and Warrants. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
in the event that a Purchaser’s Subscription Amount would cause such 
Purchaser’s Beneficial Ownership to exceed [4.99/9.99%] of the issued and 
outstanding shares of Common Stock, in lieu of Shares in excess of such 
amount, such Purchaser shall be issued a Series BB Warrant. Each Purchaser 
shall deliver to the clearing account designated by the Placement Agent, 
immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount 
as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser (it 
being understood that on Closing, such amount shall be reduced by, if 
applicable, the aggregate exercise price of the Series BB Warrants issuable 
to such Purchaser) and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its 
respective Shares and Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), 
and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth 
in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the 
covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing 
shall occur at the offices of SMRH or such other location as the parties 
shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Company and the 
Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via “Delivery Versus 
Payment” (“DVP”) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the 
Shares registered in the Purchasers’ names and addresses and released by 
the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent 
identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement 
Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable 
Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or 
its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).
 
2.2          Deliveries.
 
    (a)     On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or
    cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:
 
       (i)     this Agreement duly executed by the Company;
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
       (ii)     a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the
       form of Exhibit B attached hereto, and reasonably satisfactory to
       the Placement Agent and the Purchasers;
 
       (iii)     subject to the last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the
       irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the
       Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository
       Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (“DWAC”)
       Shares equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount divided by the
       Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;
 
       (iv)     a Series AA Warrant registered in the name of such
       Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal
       to __% of such Purchaser’s Shares (plus the shares underlying such
       Purchaser’s Series BB Warrants), with an exercise price equal to
       $__, subject to adjustment therein (such Warrant certificate may be
       delivered within three Trading Days of the Closing Date);
        
       (v)    if applicable, a Series BB Warrant registered in the name of
       such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock
       equal to the difference the difference between (A) such Purchaser’s
       Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price and (B)
       the number of Shares otherwise issuable to such Purchaser that would
       cause such Purchaser’s Beneficial Ownership to be more than
       [4.99%/9.99%] of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock,
       with an exercise price of $0.01 per share, subject to adjustment
       therein; and
 
       (v)     the Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with
       Rule 172 under the Securities Act).
 
    (b)     On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver
    or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:
 
       (i)      this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and
 
       (ii)     such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount (less, if applicable,
       the aggregate exercise price of the Series BB Warrants issuable to
       such Purchaser hereunder) which, as to the Shares shall be made
       available for “Delivery Versus Payment” settlement with the Company
       and as to the Series BB Warrants, will be wired to the account
       designated by the Company in writing.
 
2.3           Closing Conditions.
 
    (a)     The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the
    Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
       (i)     the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
       representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
       Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the
       Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers
       contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
       they shall be accurate as of such date);
 
       (ii)     all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser
       required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
       been performed; and
 
       (iii)     the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in
       Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (b)     The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in
    connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions
    being met:
 
       (i)     the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
       representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
       Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the
       Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company
       contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
       they shall be accurate as of such date);
 
       (ii)     all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company
       required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
       been performed;
 
       (iii)     the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in
       Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;
        
       (iv)     the approvals of the Nasdaq Capital Market, if applicable,
       has been obtained;
 
       (v)     there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with
       respect to the Company since the date hereof; and
 
       (vi)     from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the
       Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
       Company’s principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the
       Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
       Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum
       prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
       are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a
       banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or
       New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any
       material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
       international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any
       material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
       case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
       impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the
       Closing.
 
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
3.1           Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company 
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each 
Purchaser:
 
    (a)     Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of
    the Company are as disclosed in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in
    the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the
    capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and
    clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of
    capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
    non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe
    for or purchase securities.
 
    (b)     Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the
    Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
    validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite
    power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to
    carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor
    any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of
    its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
    other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the
    Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
    standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction
    in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it
    makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
    qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or
    reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on
    the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
    (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets,
    business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
    Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on
    the Company’s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely
    basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii)
    or (iii), a “Material Adverse Effect”) and no Proceeding has been
    instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or
    seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or
    qualification.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (c)     Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite
    corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other
    Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
    hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
    and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the
    consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
    have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
    Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of
    Directors or the Company’s stockholders in connection herewith or
    therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This
    Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
    has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company
    and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
    will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
    enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
    (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
    bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
    general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights
    generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
    specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
    (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
    limited by applicable law.
 
    (d)     No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the
    Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
    it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the
    consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
    do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
    Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation,
    bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
    with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
    time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of
    any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any
    Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
    acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or
    both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
    (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other
    enforceable commitment to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a
    party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any
    Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required
    Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule,
    regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of
    any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a
    Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and
    regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a
    Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses
    (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to
    result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (e)     Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to
    obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
    to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other
    federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person
    in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the
    Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
    required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing
    with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii) application(s) to each
    applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant
    Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and
    (iv) such consents, waivers and authorizations that shall be obtained
    prior to Closing (collectively, the “Required Approvals”).
 
    (f)     Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are
    duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
    applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued,
    fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
    the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the
    terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The
    Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum
    number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of all Shares and Warrant
    Shares. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement
    in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became
    effective on February __, 2017 (the “Effective Date”), including the
    Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have
    been required to the date of this Agreement in connection with the sale
    of the Shares and Warrants hereunder. The Company has filed with the
    Commission the Registration Statement, including any related Prospectus
    or Prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the
    Securities Act, which Registration Statement has been prepared by the
    Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of
    the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission
    under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement shall be effective
    under the Securities Act on the date of this Agreement and on the
    Closing Date and no stop order preventing or suspending the
    effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing
    the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no
    proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge
    of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if
    required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the
    Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) in relation to
    the sale of the Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares. At the time the
    Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at
    the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
    Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all
    material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not
    and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
    state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
    make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any
    amendments or supplements thereto, at time the Prospectus or any
    amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date,
    conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
    of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
    under which they were made, not misleading.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    
    (g)     Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set
    forth in the SEC Reports. The number of shares of Common Stock issued
    and outstanding as of February 13, 2017 is 31,221,657. The Company has
    not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic
    report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of
    employee stock options under the Company’s stock incentive plans, the
    issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the
    Company’s employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion
    and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date
    of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No
    Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of
    participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
    contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the
    purchase and sale of the Securities, set forth in the SEC Reports or
    pursuant to the Sales Agreement dated as of February 1, 2013, by and
    between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., there are no
    outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or
    commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
    rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
    for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any
    shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or
    contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
    Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional
    shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of
    any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not
    obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock
    or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will
    not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the
    exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such
    securities. There are no securities of the Company or any Subsidiary
    that have any anti-dilution or similar adjustment rights (other than
    adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, and the like) to the
    exercise or conversion price, have any exchange rights, or reset
    rights. Except for any company right of repurchase that may be
    applicable to exercised stock options, there are no outstanding
    securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain
    any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
    commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any
    Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company
    or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation
    rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or
    agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
    Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and
    state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued
    in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
    for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any
    stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the
    issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders
    agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect
    to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
    the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s
    stockholders.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (h)     SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all
    reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
    be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
    including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years
    preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was
    required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
    materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by
    reference therein, and any prospectus, prospectus supplement, amendment
    or supplement filed in relation thereto, together with the Preliminary
    Prospectus, Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, being collectively
    referred to herein as the “SEC Reports”) on a timely basis or has
    received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
    such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of
    their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
    respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
    Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
    any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
    fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
    statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
    were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject
    to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of
    the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
    with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
    of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of
    filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
    United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a
    consistent basis during the periods involved (“GAAP”), except as may be
    otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto
    and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all
    footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects
    the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
    as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
    flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
    statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The
    agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the
    Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the SEC Reports conform to
    the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements
    or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and
    regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement,
    the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports or to be
    filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement,
    that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other
    instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is
    a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is
    referred to in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any
    Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the
    Company’s business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by
    the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and
    is enforceable against the Company and, to the Company’s knowledge, the
    other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such
    enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
    or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (y) as
    enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be
    limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the
    remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
    equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the
    discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be
    brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by
    the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Company’s knowledge,
    any other party is in default in any material respect thereunder and,
    to the Company’s knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse
    of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default in
    any material respect thereunder. To the Company’s knowledge,
    performance by the Company of the material provisions of such
    agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any
    existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of
    any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having
    jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses except
    where such violation would not have or reasonably be expected to result
    in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (i)     Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or
    Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements
    included within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event,
    occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be
    expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has
    not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A)
    trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required
    to be reflected in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to GAAP
    or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has
    not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared
    or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its
    stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
    or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not
    issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
    except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. Except as may
    be set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company does not have pending
    before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of
    information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by
    this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or
    development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur
    or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
    respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial
    condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
    applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or
    deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed on or prior to the
    date that this representation is made.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    
    (j)     Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of
    violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
    the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any
    Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any
    court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
    authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
    “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality,
    validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the
    Securities or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
    or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
    Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
    thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of
    violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a
    claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the
    knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any
    investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or
    former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not
    issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of
    any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under
    the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
 
    (k)     Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge
    of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
    Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
    Adverse Effect. None of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ employees is
    a member of a union that relates to such employee’s relationship with
    the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the
    Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationship with their
    employees, taken together, are good. To the knowledge of the Company,
    no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now
    expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
    contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information
    agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or
    agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and
    the continued employment of each such executive officer does not
    subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with
    respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its
    Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and
    foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment
    practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
    except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or
    in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect.
   
    (l)     Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in
    default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has
    not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
    result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has
    the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in
    default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or
    credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a
    party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not
    such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any
    judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other
    governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any
    statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority,
    including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws
    relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and
    safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters,
    except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to
    result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (m)     Environmental Laws.     To the Company’s knowledge, the Company
    and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state,
    local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human
    health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water,
    groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws
    relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of
    chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances
    or wastes (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”) into the environment,
    or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
    use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
    Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or
    demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice
    letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered,
    promulgated or approved thereunder (“Environmental Laws”); (ii) have
    received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
    applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
    and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such
    permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
    the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have,
    individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (n)     Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess
    all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
    federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to
    conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
    except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably
    be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (“Material Permits
    ”), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice
    of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any
    Material Permit.
 
    (o)     Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and
    marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and
    good and marketable title in all tangible personal property owned by
    them that is material to the business of the Company and the
    Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i)
    Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not
    materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
    property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the
    payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate
    reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the
    payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any
    real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the
    Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
    leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in
    all material respects.
 
    (p)     Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have,
    or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
    trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets,
    inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
    and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with
    their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
    the failure to so have would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”). None
    of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice
    (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
    has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or
    terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this
    Agreement except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received,
    since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
    within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has
    any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
    upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably
    be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of
    the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and
    there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
    Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
    taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
    confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties,
    except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the
    aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (q)     Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by
    insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and
    risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the
    businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged,
    including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance
    coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to
    believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
    coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
    coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its
    business without a significant increase in cost.
 
    (r)     Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth
    in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or
    any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the
    employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
    transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services
    as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
    agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services
    to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
    providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or
    otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such
    employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any
    officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or
    is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in
    each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or
    consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses
    incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
    including stock option agreements under any stock or equity incentive
    plan of the Company.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (s)     Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and
    the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable
    requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of
    the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
    promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the
    date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the
    Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
    sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are
    executed in accordance with management’s general or specific
    authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to
    maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only
    in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and
    (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the
    existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
    with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have
    established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries
    and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
    information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
    files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
    summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
    Commission’s rules and forms. The Company’s certifying officers have
    evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
    of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered
    by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such
    date, the “Evaluation Date”). The Company presented in its most
    recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions
    of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
    controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation
    Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the
    internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in
    the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
    materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
    internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries.
 
    (t)     Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement
    and the Prospectus, no brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or
    will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker,
    financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
    banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
    contemplated by the Transaction Documents. To the knowledge of the
    Company, the Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any
    fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other
    Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due
    in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
    Documents.
 
    (u)     Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate
    of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will
    not be or be an Affiliate of, an “investment company” within the
    meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
    shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an
    “investment company” subject to registration under the Investment
    Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
    (v)     Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the
    Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the
    Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.
 
    (w)     Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is
    registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
    the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge
    is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
    Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any
    notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such
    registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date
    hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common
    Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
    not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
    Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it
    will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with
    all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is
    currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust
    Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is
    current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such
    other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
    electronic transfer.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (x)     Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board
    of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to
    render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business
    combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
    agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company’s
    certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
    of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the
    Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
    their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction
    Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company’s
    issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers’ ownership of the
    Securities.
 
    (y)     Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and
    conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
    Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person
    acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents
    or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might
    constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
    disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The Company
    understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing
    representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
    All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the
    Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
    businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and
    correct in all material respects as of the date made and does not
    contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
    material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
    in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
    misleading. The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be
    filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as
    required by the Securities Act. The Registration Statement and any
    post-effective amendment thereto, if any, at the time it became
    effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act
    and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations under the
    Securities Act and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if
    applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
    or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
    necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The
    Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, each
    as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the
    Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and
    regulations. Each of the Registration statement, Preliminary
    Prospectus, Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, as amended or
    supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any
    untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
    necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The SEC
    Reports, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all
    material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
    applicable rules and regulations, and none of such documents, when they
    were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a
    material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements therein (with respect to the SEC Reports incorporated by
    reference in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus,
    Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement), in light of the circumstances
    under which they were made not misleading; and any further documents so
    filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
    Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, when
    such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all
    material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
    applicable rules and regulations, as applicable, and will not contain
    any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
    fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No
    post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any
    facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent,
    individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the
    information set forth therein is required to be filed with the
    Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with the
    Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that
    (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or
    (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no
    contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus
    or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to
    the Registration Statement, which have not been described in all
    material respects or filed as required. The press releases disseminated
    by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this
    Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
    material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
    therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
    of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not
    misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
    or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the
    transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
    forth in Section 3.2 hereof.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    
    (z)      No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its
    Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly
    or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited
    any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
    this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings
    by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval
    provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the
    Company are listed or designated.
 
    (aa)     Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the
    Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by
    the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder,
    (i) the fair saleable value of the Company’s assets exceeds the amount
    that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Company’s
    existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
    liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Company’s assets do not
    constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now
    conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs
    taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business
    conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital
    requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
    cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would
    receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
    account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay
    all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are
    required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond
    its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the
    timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).
    The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead
    it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under
    the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one
    year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) or the SEC Reports set
    forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured
    Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company
    or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement,
    “Indebtedness” means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts
    owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred
    in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements
    and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
    whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company’s
    consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by
    endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or
    similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the
    present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under
    leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the
    Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any
    Indebtedness.
   
    (bb)     Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or
    in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
    Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has
    made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
    foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations
    required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all
    taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material
    in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and
    declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably
    adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent
    to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.
    There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by
    the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the
    Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.
 
    (cc)     Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any
    Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
    agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any
    Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
    contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related
    to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
    payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to
    any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
    funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the
    Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
    of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv)
    violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (dd)      Accountants. The Company’s accounting firm is Dixon Hughes
    Goodman LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such
    accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required
    by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to
    the financial statements to be included in the Company’s Annual Report
    for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.     
 
    (ee)     Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers’ Purchase of Securities.
    The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is
    acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length purchaser with respect
    to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
    The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a
    financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
    capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
    transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser
    or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with
    the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is
    merely incidental to the Purchasers’ purchase of the Securities. The
    Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Company’s
    decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction
    Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its
    representatives.
 
    (ff)     Acknowledgement Regarding Purchaser’s Trading Activity.
    Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
    notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is
    understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the
    Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any
    Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or
    short, securities of the Company, or “derivative” securities based on
    securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any
    specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions
    by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short
    Sales or “derivative” transactions, before or after the closing of this
    or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the
    market price of the Company’s publicly-traded securities; (iii) any
    Purchaser, and counter-parties in “derivative” transactions to which
    any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may
    have a “short” position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser
    shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any
    arm’s length counter-party in any “derivative” transaction. The Company
    further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers
    may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period
    that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation,
    during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable
    with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging
    activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
    stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time
    that the hedging activities are being conducted.  The Company
    acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not
    constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.
 
    (gg)     Regulation M Compliance.  The Company has not, and to its
    knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or
    indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the
    stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the
    Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii)
    sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting
    purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to
    any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any
    other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses
    (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection
    with the placement of the Securities or as otherwise set forth in the
    Prospectus.
 
    (hh)     FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the
    U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) under the Federal Food, Drug
    and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (“FDCA”)
    that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold,
    and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such
    product, a “Pharmaceutical Product”), such Pharmaceutical Product is
    being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or
    marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements
    under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to
    registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or
    application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory
    practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling,
    advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the
    failure to be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there
    is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened,
    action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative
    or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other
    communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i)
    contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval
    of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging
    of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any
    Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the
    recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the
    withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to,
    any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any
    clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv)
    enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of
    permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
    (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations
    by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either
    individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
    The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and
    are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all
    applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA.  The Company has not
    been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing,
    sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be
    developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor, to the knowledge of
    the company, has the FDA expressed in any meeting or written
    communication with the Company any concern as to approving or clearing
    for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed
    by the Company.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (ii)     Office of Foreign Assets Control. neither the company nor any
    Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer,
    agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is
    currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
    Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“OFAC”).
 
    (jj)      U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not
    and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the
    meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
    amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser’s request.
 
    (kk)     Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
    of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”) and to regulation by the Board of
    Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”).
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or
    controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the
    outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five
    percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is
    subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither
    the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a
    controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any
    entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal
    Reserve.
 
    (ll)     Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
    with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of
    the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
    amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and
    regulations thereunder (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”), and
    no Action, suit or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental
    agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
    any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or,
    to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.
     
    (mm)     Share Option Plans. Each share option granted by the Company
    under the Company’s share option plans was granted (i) in accordance
    with the terms of the Company’s share option plans and (ii) with an
    exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
    Stock on the date such share option would be considered granted under
    GAAP and applicable law. No share option granted under the Company’s
    share option plan has been backdated.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
    (tt)     Notice of Delisting. The Company received a delisting
    notification from NASDAQ and the Company filed an 8-K regarding the
    same on December 20, 2016.
 
3.2          Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each 
Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and 
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as 
follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be 
accurate as of such date):
 
    (a)     Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual
  or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good
  standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
  formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability
  company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate
  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other
  Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
  hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction
  Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions
  contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by
  all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or
  similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each
  Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by
  such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with
  the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding
  obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with
  its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and
  applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
  laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights
  generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
  specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
  (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
  limited by applicable law.
 
  (b)     Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the
  Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect
  arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or
  regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and
  warranty not limiting such Purchaser’s right to sell the Securities
  pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
  applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is
  acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
  business.
  
  (c)     Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the
  Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on
  which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an “accredited
  investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8)
  under the Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified institutional buyer” as
  defined in Rule 144A9a) under the Securities Act. Such purchaser is not
  required to be registered as a broker-dealer under Section 15 of the
  Exchange Act.
 
  (d)     Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or
  together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
  experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of
  evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the
  Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.
  Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
  Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of
  such investment.
 
  (e)     Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has
  had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all
  exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been
  afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
  necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company
  concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and
  the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to
  information about the Company and its financial condition, results of
  operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to
  enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain
  such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire
  without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an
  informed investment decision with respect to the investment.  Such
  Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor
  any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any
  information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such
  information or advice necessary or desired.  Neither the Placement Agent
  nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company
  or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any
  Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the
  Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it.  In
  connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither
  the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial
  advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
   
  (f)     Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating
  the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
  any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such
  Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales,
  including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period
  commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet
  (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the
  Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
  hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a
  multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
  manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio
  managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
  portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets,
  the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the
  portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the
  investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such
  Purchaser’s representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
  directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and
  Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all
  disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the
  existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
  for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
  representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the
  identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares
  to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the
  future.
 
  (h)     Beneficial Ownership. Such Purchaser represents that neither such
  Purchaser nor any group of Purchasers (as identified in a public filing
  made with the SEC) of which such Purchaser is a part in connection with
  the transactions contemplated hereby, acquired, or obtained the right to
  acquire, 9.99%, or more of the Common Stock (or securities convertible
  into or exercisable for Common Stock) or the voting power of the Company
  on a post transaction basis; provided, that the Company acknowledges that
  such Purchaser is relying on the shares of Common Stock issued and
  outstanding as set forth in Section 3.1(g) in calculating the such
  beneficial ownership.
 
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in 
this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser’s right 
to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other 
Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or 
delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
ARTICLE IV.
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES
 
4.1           Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is 
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to 
cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is 
exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any 
such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following 
the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration 
statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not 
effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the 
Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly (and as quickly as practicable) 
notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration 
statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such 
holders when the registration statement is effective again and available 
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and 
agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to 
issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance 
with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use 
commercially reasonable to keep a registration statement (including the 
Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Warrant 
Shares effective during the term of the Warrants. 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
4.2           Furnishing of Information.
 
    (a)     Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns
    Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to
    maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or
    12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in
    respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all
    reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
    pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to
    the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.
 
4.3           Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or 
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as 
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with 
the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would be integrated 
with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and 
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder 
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder 
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.
 
4.4          Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) 
by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following 
the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 
8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the 
Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the 
issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers 
that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information 
delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or 
agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, 
the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or 
similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between 
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, 
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the 
Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. 
The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any 
other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, 
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press 
release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior 
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, 
or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press 
release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or 
delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the 
disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice 
of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or 
include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any 
regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of 
such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in 
connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the 
Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or 
Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the 
Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause 
(b).
 
4.5         Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by 
the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any 
Purchaser is an “Acquiring Person” under any control share acquisition, 
business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a 
rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or 
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to 
trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of 
receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other 
agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.
 
4.6          Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material 
terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company 
covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its 
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any 
information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes 
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such 
Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information and 
agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company 
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the 
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 
To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public 
information to a Purchaser without such Purchaser’s consent, the Company 
hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of 
confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their 
respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty 
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective 
officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the 
basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the 
Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any 
notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or 
contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any 
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the 
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company 
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the 
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
4.7           Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Registration 
Statement and the Prospectus, the Company shall use the net proceeds from 
the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall 
not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the 
Company’s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course 
of the Company’s business and prior practices or debt disclosed in the SEC 
Reports), (b) for the redemption of any common stock or common stock 
equivalents except for any Company right of repurchase that may be 
applicable to exercised stock options, (c) for the settlement of any 
outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.
 
4.8           Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of 
this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and 
its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and 
agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning 
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), 
and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or 
employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a 
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any 
other title) of such controlling persons (each, a “Purchaser Party”) 
harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, 
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, 
amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as 
a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, 
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement 
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against 
the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective 
Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of 
such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of 
such Purchaser Party’s representations, warranties or covenants under the 
Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser 
Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such 
Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such 
Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful 
misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any 
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to 
this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in 
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser 
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel 
in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and 
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party 
except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically 
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a 
reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or 
(iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a 
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company 
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall 
be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one 
such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser 
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party 
effected without the Company’s prior written consent, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the 
extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any 
Purchaser Party’s breach of any of the representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or 
in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this 
Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during 
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received 
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in 
addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party 
against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be 
subject to pursuant to law.
 
4.9           Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the 
Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep 
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of 
shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue 
Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any 
exercise of the Warrants.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
4.10         Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best 
efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the 
Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and prior to or 
concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all 
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure 
the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. 
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock 
traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such 
application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other 
action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be 
listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The 
Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the 
listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply 
in all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations 
under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use 
best efforts to maintain the eligibility of the common stock for electronic 
transfer through the depository trust company or another established 
clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of 
fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing 
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.
 
4.11         Reserved.
 
4.12         Subsequent Equity Sales.
 
    (a)     From the date hereof until the three (3) month anniversary of
    the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue,
    enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed
    issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents;
    provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing restrictions
    shall not in any way limit the Company’s ability to seek advance
    approval from its stockholders (at an annual or special meeting) for a
    proposed issuance of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
    Equivalents; provided that such issuance, or the entry into a
    definitive agreement with respect thereto, will only occur following
    the three (3) month anniversary of the Closing Date.
 
    (b)     From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any
    of the Warrants, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or
    entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
    combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. “
    Variable Rate Transaction” means a transaction (other than in
    connection with stock splits or combinations) in which the Company (i)
    issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
    into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive
    additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price,
    exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon
    and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
    of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or
    equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price
    that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
    issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of
    specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the
    business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii)
    enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including,
    but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may
    issue securities at a future determined price. Any Purchaser shall be
    entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude
    any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to
    collect damages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company’s will be
    able to use its Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the “
    ATM Agreement”) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as sales agent, entered
    into on February 1, 2013, as it may be amended from time to time, after
    three (3) months following the date hereof.
 
    (c)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not
    apply in respect of (i) any amendment of the Company’s existing debt
    obligations with its lenders or (ii) an Exempt Issuance, except that no
    Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance, other than the
    ATM Agreement for the period specified in Section 4.12(b) above.
 
4.13         Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any 
modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any 
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of 
the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to 
all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification 
purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each 
Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and 
is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall 
not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a 
group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or 
otherwise.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
4.14        Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, 
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither 
it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding 
with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any 
of the Company’s securities during the period commencing with the execution 
of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the 
initial press release as described in Section 4.4.  Each Purchaser, 
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until 
such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly 
disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described 
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the 
existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the 
disclosure schedules attached hereto.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and 
notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any 
representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in 
effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly 
announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any 
transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable 
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial 
press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have 
any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the 
Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the 
initial press release as described in Section 4.4.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment 
vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of 
such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge 
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other 
portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall 
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio 
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities 
covered by this Agreement.
 
4.15         Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included 
in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the 
Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, 
other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to 
exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no 
ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion 
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of 
Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company 
shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in 
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the 
Transaction Documents.
 
4.16         Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the 
issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares 
of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market 
conditions.  The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to 
issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, 
counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such 
dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and 
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the 
ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.
 
4.18        Capital Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing 
Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or 
reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of 
the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares then 
outstanding and still held by the Purchasers, other than a reverse stock 
split or reclassification that is effected to maintain the listing of the 
Common Stock on the Trading Market.
 
ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1           Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any 
Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without 
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other 
Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not 
been consummated on or before February __, 2017; provided, however, that no 
such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach 
by any other party (or parties).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
5.2           Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the 
Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and 
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, 
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, 
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The 
Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, 
any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter 
delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), 
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the 
delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.
 
5.3        Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the 
exhibits and schedules thereto and the Prospectus and any Prospectus 
Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements 
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which 
the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and 
schedules.
 
5.4           Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or 
deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address as 
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. 
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address as 
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a 
Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading 
Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if 
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon 
actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. 
The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on 
the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided 
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, 
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the 
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant 
to a Current Report on Form 8-K or issue a press release.
 
5.5           Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be 
waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument 
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and holders of at least 
65% of Warrant Shares and of the aggregate amount of Shares issued 
hereunder and shares issuable under the Warrants (without regard to any 
restriction or limitation on the exercise of the Warrants contained 
therein) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement 
of any such waived provision is sought; provided, that if any amendment, 
modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser 
(or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted 
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any 
default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a 
waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, 
condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any 
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of 
any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, 
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any 
Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other 
Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely 
affected Purchaser, Any amendment effected in accordance with accordance 
with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of 
Securities and the Company.
 
5.6           Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do 
not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof.
 
5.7           Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted 
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser 
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights 
under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or 
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing 
to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions 
of the Transaction Documents that apply to the “Purchasers.”
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
5.8          No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the 
third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the 
Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the 
Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of 
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns 
and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, 
any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this 
Section 5.8.
 
5.9           Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, 
validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall 
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal 
laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of 
conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings 
concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether 
brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, 
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be 
commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City 
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New 
York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or 
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or 
discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the 
Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to 
assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally 
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or 
Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and 
consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by 
mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight 
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect 
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall 
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. 
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall 
commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the 
Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company 
under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall 
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, 
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.
 
5.10         Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein 
shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.
 
5.11         Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood 
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a 
“.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” 
signature page were an original thereof.
 
5.12         Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction 
of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, 
provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in 
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or 
invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable 
efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or 
substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, 
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the 
intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, 
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that 
may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.
 
5.13         Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) 
any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a 
right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the 
Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods 
therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole 
discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any 
relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice 
to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a 
rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be 
required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded 
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the 
aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the 
restoration of such Purchaser’s right to acquire such shares pursuant to 
such Purchaser’s Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant 
certificate evidencing such restored right).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
5.14         Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument 
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the 
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for 
and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of 
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon 
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, 
theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument 
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs 
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such 
replacement Securities.
 
5.15        Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights 
provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of 
the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance 
under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages 
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any 
breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby 
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of 
any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
 
5.16         Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a 
payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document 
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such 
payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any 
part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
  
5.17         Independent Nature of Purchasers’ Obligations and Rights. The 
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several 
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser 
shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of 
the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. 
Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no 
action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed 
to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint 
venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the 
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to 
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and 
enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of 
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not 
be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in 
any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its 
own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction 
Documents. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any 
of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has 
elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction 
Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was 
required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly 
understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and 
in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, 
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not 
between and among the Purchasers.
 
5.18         Liquidated Damages. The Company’s obligations to pay any 
partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction 
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate 
until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been 
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to 
which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable 
shall have been canceled unless such obligations are specifically 
terminated.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
5.19         Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.     If the last or 
appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right 
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action 
may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business 
Day.
 
5.20        Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their 
respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the 
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to 
the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting 
party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction 
Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference 
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document 
shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock 
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common 
Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.
 
5.21        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY 
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH 
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES 
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.
(Signature Pages Follow)
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
 
 
Celsion Corporation
 
Address for Notice:
 
E-mail: mtardugno@celsion.com
By: __________________________________ 	Fax:
     Name: Michael H. Tardugno
     Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO CLSN SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser:
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
________________________________________________________________________________________
 
Name of Authorized Signatory:
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
 
Title of Authorized Signatory:
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory:
________________________________________________________________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory:
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
 
Address for Notice to Purchaser:
  
 
Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for 
notice):
  
 
 
Subscription Amount: $_________________
 
Shares: _________________
 
Series AA Warrant Shares: __________________
Series BB Warrant Shares (pre-funded warrants): __________________
 
 
 
EIN Number: _______________________
 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]