 EX-10 10 filename10.htm
Exhibit 10.9

EXECUTION COPY

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC

and

HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separate with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission
Triple asterisks denote omissions

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS
   	  	2 	  
 Article 2 GRANT OF RIGHTS
   	  	15 	  
 Article 3 INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;
 REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	16 	  
 Article 4 PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS
   	  	27 	  
 Article 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	33 	  
 Article 6 PATENT MATTERS
   	  	36 	  
 Article 7 CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY
   	  	45 	  
 Article 8 TERM AND TERMINATION
   	  	48 	  
 Article 9 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
   	  	54 	  
 Article 10 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	59 	  
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of    
  April, 2011 (Effective Date), by and between KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the 
State of New York and having its principal office at 701 Ellicott Street, 
Buffalo, New York 14203, United States (Kinex) and HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL 
LTD., a publicly traded company existing under the laws of South Korea and 
having its principal office at 45 Hanmi Tower BangYee-Dong SongPa-Gu, 
Seoul, 138-724 South Korea (Hanmi).


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Kinex owns or Controls the Kinex Intellectual Property of KX01 
(also known as KX2-391) and is developing the Compound for oncological 
indications;

WHEREAS, Hanmi and its Affiliates have experience in the development, 
marketing, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products predominately in 
Asia and Hanmi desires to obtain the exclusive right and license in the 
Territory to further develop and thereafter commercialize a Licensed 
Product for oncology indications in the Field; and

WHEREAS, Kinex desires to grant to Hanmi such exclusive right and license 
in the Territory, all on the terms and conditions set forth below.
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties 
and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary herein, the following terms, 
whether used in the singular or plural, shall have the respective meanings 
set forth below:

1.1 Act means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor act, as the same shall be in effect from time to time.

1.2 Affiliate means with respect to a Party: (a) any corporation or 
business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the securities or 
other ownership interests representing the equity, the voting stock or 
general partnership interest are owned, controlled or held, directly or 
indirectly, by a Party; (b) any corporation or business entity which, 
directly or indirectly, owns, controls or holds more than fifty percent 
(50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of a Party; (c) any corporation or 
business entity of which, directly or indirectly, an entity described in 
the immediately preceding subsection (b) controls or holds more than fifty 
percent (50%) (or the maximum ownership interest permitted by law) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest of such corporation or entity; or (d) 
any corporation or business entity of which a Party has the right to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the 
securities or other ownership interests representing the equity, voting 
stock or general partnership interest thereof

1.3 Agreement Term has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a).
 
2
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.4 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).

1.5 Business Day means any calendar day, except that if an activity to be 
performed or an event to occur falls on a, Saturday, Sunday or a day which 
is recognized as a national holiday in the place of performance of an 
applicable activity or occurrence of an applicable event, then the activity 
may be performed or the event may occur on the next day that is not a 
Saturday, Sunday or nationally recognized holiday.

1.6 Calendar Quarter means for each Calendar Year, each of the three (3) 
month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; 
provided, however, that (i) the first Calendar Quarter of any period 
specified under this Agreement shall extend from the commencement of such 
period to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and 
(ii) the last Calendar Quarter shall end upon the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement.

1.7 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2011, and for 
each year thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and 
ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31.

1.8 C.F.R. means the United States Code of Federal Regulations.

1.9 cGMP means current Good Manufacturing Practice.

1.10 Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

1.11 Clinical Studies means any clinical studies of a Licensed Product 
conducted on humans.
 
3
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.12 Commercialize or Commercialization means promotion, marketing, 
sale, supply, manufacture, import, export and distribution of Licensed 
Products, including any educational or pre-launch activities.

1.13 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means exerting such efforts and 
employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a 
Party for its other drug candidates and pharmaceutical products of a 
comparable stage of development and commercial potential, and for this 
Agreement with respect to Regulatory Approval and First Commercial Sale, 
filing an application for Regulatory Approval in all countries in the 
Territory within thirty six (36) months of the first Regulatory Approval in 
the Territory and achieving First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product 
in each country in the Territory within six (6) months from the date the 
Regulatory Approval is obtained and the price for the Licensed Product is 
obtained in accordance with regulatory requirement in such country in the 
Territory; provided, however, Kinex shall grant an extension on the 
foregoing timelines at the reasonable request of Hanmi.

1.14 Completion means, with respect to any clinical study, the completion 
of treatment for the necessary number of patients required by the 
applicable protocol and completion of the statistical analysis of the study 
data.

1.15 Compound means the Src/tubulin inhibitor, KX-01 (also known as 
KX2-391), as diagrammed on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto, and any 
pharmaceutically acceptable salts, hydrates, solvates, amides, prodrugs and 
esters of the foregoing, or mixtures thereof.
 
4
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.16 Control means possession of the ability to grant the rights and 
licenses as provided for herein without violating the terms of any 
agreement or arrangement with any Third Party.

1.17 Copyright means the rights granted to an author or creator of an 
original work fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including without 
limitation, books, literary works, computer programs, and pictorial, 
graphic, dramatic and sculptured works, as well as derivative works and 
translations.

1.18 Data means any and all research data, pharmacology data, preclinical 
data, clinical data, chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data 
and/or all other similar documentation generated in connection with the 
Compound or Licensed Product.

1.19 Develop or Development means those activities undertaken with 
respect to the Compound or Licensed Product which are devoted to the 
progression of a potential pharmaceutical product in Clinical Studies and 
any other activities directed toward quality issues, publication, 
Regulatory Approval, formulation, production or CMC of such Compound or 
Licensed Product, including any other pre-launch activities.

1.20 Disputed Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

1.21 Dollar or $ means the lawful currency of the United States.

1.22 Drug Approval Application means an application for Regulatory 
Approval of a Licensed Product as a pharmaceutical product in a country in 
the Territory.

1.23 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.
 
5
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.24 Field means the prevention or treatment of oncology disease or 
condition in humans.

1.25 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Licensed Product, 
the first sale to a Third Party for end use or consumption of such Licensed 
Product in a country in the Territory by Hanmi, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees after receipt of Regulatory Approval in such country or, where 
Regulatory Approval is not required, then the first sale for end use or 
consumption of a Licensed Product to a Third Party in that country in the 
Territory in connection with the nationwide introduction of such Licensed 
Product in that country in the Territory by Hanmi, its Affiliates or 
sublicensees.

1.26 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the International Accounting Standard Board, consistently applied.

1.27 Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist in a particular country 
as of any date if, during the two (2) immediately preceding Calendar Years, 
(a) Generic Products have a market share in the applicable country of at 
least *** percent (***%) of the then combined unit volume of Licensed 
Product and Generic Products, or (b) Net Sales by Hanmi in the applicable 
country decrease by at least *** percent (**%) with each of (a) and (b) 
measured as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar Years as compared 
to the Calendar Year of Peak Sales.

1.28 Generic Product means any product containing the Compound as an 
active pharmaceutical ingredient sold by a Third Party (excluding, for 
these purposes, an Affiliate or sublicensees of Hanmi).

1.29 Hanmi Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.
 
6
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.30 Hanmi Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Hanmi as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.31 Hanmi Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Hanmi as of the Effective Date and during the Agreement Term.

1.32 Improvements means all inventions and Know-How, patentable or 
otherwise, made, created, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or 
on behalf of a Party and/or any of its Affiliates pursuant to activities 
relating to or contemplated by this Agreement during the Agreement Term, 
that have application or relate to the Compound or Licensed Product for use 
in the Field including developments in the manufacture, formulation, 
ingredients, preparation, presentation, means of delivery or 
administration, dosage, indication, methods of use or packaging and/or sale 
of the Compound or Licensed Product.

1.33 IND means an Investigational New Drug application, this carries the 
same meaning in each of the countries in the Territory similar to what is 
described in the United States in 21 C.F.R. Section 312.23, obtained for 
purposes of conducting clinical trials in accordance with the requirements 
of the Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including all 
supplements and amendments thereto relating to the use of Compound or 
Licensed Product in the Field.

1.34 Initiation means when an IND is submitted for Clinical Studies to 
the Regulatory Authority of the applicable country.

1.35 Insurance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).
 
7
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.36 Intellectual Property means Patent Rights, Know-How, Copyrights, and 
Trademarks collectively, including applications thereof, relating to the 
Compound or Licensed Product, as well as any Improvements thereto.

1.37 Kinex Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

1.38 Kinex Intellectual Property means the Kinex Patent Rights, Kinex 
Know-How and Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Kinex or any of 
its Affiliates listed in Schedule 1.2.

1.39 Kinex Know-How means all Know-How that are owned or Controlled by 
Kinex or any of its Affiliates.

1.40 Kinex Patent Rights means all Patent Rights that are owned or 
Controlled by Kinex or any of its Affiliates, including the Patent Rights.

1.41 Know-How means all proprietary information and technology, including 
trade secret information, developments, discoveries, methods, techniques, 
formulations, Data, and other information, whether or not patentable, that 
relate to the Compound or Licensed Product, or any Improvement.

1.42 Law(s) means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and 
other pronouncements having the binding effect of law of any governmental 
authority.

1.43 Licensed Products means any pharmaceutical preparation in final form 
(or, where the context so indicates, the form under development) containing 
the Compound KX01 as an active pharmaceutical ingredient for use in the 
Field in the Territory.
 
8
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.44 Losses means any and all damages, awards, deficiencies, settlement 
amounts, defaults, assessments, fines, dues, penalties (including penalties 
imposed by any governmental authority), costs, fees, liabilities, 
obligations, taxes, liens, losses, lost profits and expenses (including 
court costs, interest and reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and 
other experts) awarded or otherwise paid or payable to Third Parties.

1.45 NDA means a New Drug Application in any of the countries in the 
Territory similar to the NDA submitted to the FDA to obtain approval for 
the marketing of a Licensed Product in the United States, together with all 
subsequent submissions, supplements and amendments thereto.

1.46 Net Sales means the gross sales amount of Licensed Products invoiced 
to Third Parties by Hanmi, its Affiliates and sublicensees, less the 
following deductions (to the extent included in such gross sales amount):

(a) quantity and/or cash discounts therefor;

(b) customs, duties, sales and similar taxes;

(c) amounts allowed or credited by reason of rejections, return of goods 
(including as a result of recalls, market withdrawals and other corrective 
actions), and retroactive price reductions or allowances specifically 
identifiable as relating to a Licensed Product including allowances and 
credits related to inventory management or similar agreements with 
wholesalers;
 
9
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) amounts incurred resulting from government (or any agency thereof) 
mandated rebate programs in the Territory;

(e) Third Party rebates, patient discount programs, administrative fees and 
chargebacks or similar price concessions related to the sale of a Licensed 
Product;

(f) bad debt recognized by Hanmi for accounting purposes as not 
collectible;

(g) the expenses for insurance, freight, packing, shipping and 
transportation;

(h) sample costs incurred during the pre-marketing activities;

(i) commissions paid to agents or distributors to secure tender offers or 
other purchases by local authorities; and

(j) as agreed by the Parties, such agreement not to be unreasonably 
withheld, any other specifically identifiable amounts included in a 
Licensed Products gross sales amount that were or ultimately will be 
credited and that are similar to those listed above, all in accordance with 
IFRS.

All such discounts, allowances, credits, rebates and other deductions shall 
be fairly and equitably allocated to the Licensed Product, and, to the 
extent applicable, other products or services of Hanmi or its Affiliates 
such that the Licensed Products do not bear a disproportionate portion of 
such deductions. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Sales shall not include 
sales by Hanmi to its Affiliates or sublicensees for resale; provided 
that, if Hanmi sells a Licensed Product to an Affiliate or sublicensee for 
resale, then the Net Sales calculation shall include the amounts invoiced 
by such Affiliate or sublicensee to
 
10
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Third Parties on the resale of a Licensed Product. For purposes of this 
Agreement, sale shall not include transfers or other distributions or 
dispositions of a Licensed Product, at no charge, for regulatory purposes, 
clinical trials, samples, free products or in connection with patient 
assistance programs or other charitable purposes or to physicians or 
hospitals for promotional purposes. A Licensed Product shall be considered 
sold only when billed or invoiced.

1.47 Ongoing Clinical Study means Clinical Studies with enrolled patients 
that are in the process of being conducted. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this does not include Clinical Studies where no patient dosing has occurred 
regardless of enrollment of patients.

1.48 Party means Kinex or Hanmi, as the context may require.

1.49 Parties Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(a).

1.50 Patent Rights means any patents, patent applications, certificates 
of invention, or applications for certificates of invention and any 
supplemental protection certificates, together with any extensions, 
registrations, confirmations, reissues, substitutions, divisions, 
continuations or continuations-in-part, reexaminations or renewals thereof 
that relate to the Compound, Licensed Product or any Improvement, including 
methods of development, manufacture, formulation, preparation, 
presentation, means of delivery or administration, dosage, packaging, sale 
or use relating to the Compound or Licensed Product.

1.51 Peak Sales means the highest Net Sales of the Licensed Product 
achieved during any Calendar Year following the First Commercial Sale of 
the License Product within each applicable country within the Territory.
 
11
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.52 Phase I Clinical Study(ies) means the initial introduction of an 
investigational new drug into humans primarily designed to determine the 
metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the drug in humans, the side 
effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early 
evidence on effectiveness, and may also include studies of drug metabolism, 
structure-activity relationships, and mechanism of action in humans, as 
well as studies in which investigational drugs are used as research tools 
to explore biological phenomena or disease processes.

1.53 Phase II Clinical Study(ies) means the Clinical Study related to the 
product, in particular, the study that will show the efficacy of the 
product and also provide guidance to the effective dose regimen required. 
In general, this type of study will determine the effective dose regimen 
for the clinical indication. Safety data is also collected in this type of 
study. For this Agreement, it is contemplated that multiple Phase II 
Clinical Studies in the oncology area will be performed to prove the 
efficacy of KX01 and also to determine the effective dose for Phase III 
Clinical Study(ies).

1.54 Phase III Clinical Study(ies) means the Clinical Study related to 
the product, in particular, the study that is a registration study designed 
to demonstrate statistically (p-value of less than 0.05 or <0.025 for 
split-alpha study design) the efficacy of the drug for specific 
indications. This type of study is usually conducted after agreement with 
the regulatory authority that a positive result from such a study conducted 
under good clinical practice will be enough for the regulatory authority to 
provide marketing approval of the product.
 
12
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.55 Prime Rate means the rate announced from time to time by HSBC Bank, 
N.A. as its prime rate in New York, New York, USA which is the base rate 
upon which other rates charged at such bank are based, and is the best rate 
available to premium customers at such bank.

1.56 Product Label(ing) shall have the same meaning as defined in the Act 
and as interpreted by the Regulatory Authority in each country in the 
Territory.

1.57 Proprietary Information means any and all scientific, clinical, 
technological, regulatory, marketing, financial and commercial information 
or data, whether communicated in writing, orally or by any other means, 
which is owned and under the protection of one Party and is provided by 
that Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement, and shall 
include Kinex Know-How and Hanmi Know-How, as applicable.

1.58 Regulatory Approval means approval by the relevant Regulatory 
Authority of an NDA or other Drug Approval Application, health 
registration, common technical document, regulatory submission, notice of 
compliance and any other license or permit required to be approved for the 
supply, manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product in a country, region or 
other regulatory jurisdiction.

1.59 Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority in a country, 
region or other regulatory jurisdiction that regulates the supply, 
manufacture, use, storage, distribution, import, export, transport, 
promotion, marketing and sale of a Licensed Product.

1.60 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
any successor agency having substantially the same functions.
 
13
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
1.61 Substantial Level Generic Competition shall be deemed to exist in a 
particular country as of any date if, during the two (2) immediately 
preceding Calendar Years, (a) Generic Products have a market share in the 
applicable country of at least *** percent (***%) of the then combined unit 
volume of Licensed Product and Generic Products, or (b) Net Sales by Hanmi 
in the applicable country decrease by at least *** percent (***%) with each 
of (a) and (b) measured as an average taken over such two (2) Calendar 
Years as compared to the Calendar Year of Peak Sales.

1.62 Territory means the following designated countries only: South 
Korea, Greater China (including Mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong), 
Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, and Vietnam. All 
other countries are expressly excluded including, but not limited to, the 
Asian countries of Japan, India, Australia and New Zealand.

1.63 Third Party(ies) means a person or entity who or which is neither a 
Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.

1.64 Trademark means all trademark(s) for which either Party has sought 
registration and all related service marks, domain names and other 
trademark related rights relating to the Licensed Product.

1.65 Valid Claim means any claim in an active patent application or 
issued in an unexpired patent which has not been held unenforceable, 
unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental 
agency of competent jurisdiction following exhaustion of all possible 
appeal processes, and which has not been admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, reexamination or disclaimer and has not been 
terminated for failure to pay maintenance fees.
 
14
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 2

GRANT OF RIGHTS

2.1 Grants by Kinex. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Kinex hereby grants to Hanmi an exclusive right and license throughout the 
Territory as defined (including the right to grant sublicenses to Third 
Parties located within the Territory with prior written notice to Kinex) to 
practice under the Kinex Intellectual Property in order to develop, label, 
package, import, export, promote, distribute, make, use, sell, offer for 
sale, register, commercialize and otherwise exploit the Compound and 
Licensed Product(s) containing the Compound in the Field; provided, 
however, that, notwithstanding the exclusive rights granted to Hanmi 
hereunder, Kinex shall retain the right to use the Kinex Intellectual 
Property in the Territory solely as necessary to perform its obligations 
under this Agreement. Any Affiliates of Hanmi exercising any rights of 
Hanmi under this Agreement shall be located within the Territory. With 
respect to sales to Third Party distributors or other parties purchasing 
Licensed Product for resale, Hanmi shall use reasonable efforts to restrict 
such resales to within the Territory.

2.2 Retained Rights; No Implied Licenses. All rights not specifically 
granted to Hanmi under this Agreement are reserved and retained by Kinex. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any 
license or other right to Hanmi, to or in respect of any product, patent, 
trademark, Proprietary Information, trade secret or other data or any other 
intellectual property of the other Party, except as set forth under this 
Agreement (including, but
 
15
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
not limited to, the Mimetica and Opal discovery platforms or any compound 
or molecule in the Kinex libraries other than KX01). Kinex retains the 
right to manufacture Compound or Licensed Product within the Territory for 
sales outside the Territory. For the avoidance of doubt, Kinex shall not 
market, distribute, sell and import the Licensed Products within the 
Territory.

2.3 Right of First Refusal. Kinex hereby grants a right of first refusal to 
Hanmi for any KX01 related formulation or pharmaceutically acceptable salt, 
prodrug, metabolite, or combination drug (collectively RoFR Product) for 
which Kinex intends to grant an exclusive right and license within the 
Territory. Kinex shall provide Hanmi with written notice of the terms on 
which Kinex proposes to license such RoFR Product within the Territory, the 
terms of which must be in accordance with standard business practices, and 
Hanmi shall have ninety (90) days from the date of receipt of such written 
notice to send a written reply to Kinex indicating its desire to license 
such RoFR Product on the terms contained in Kinexs written notice. If 
Hanmi does not respond within the ninety (90) days, Kinex shall be free to 
license such RoFR Product to third parties in the Territory on the terms 
and conditions contained in the written notice sent to Hanmi. Any such RoFR 
Product that is subsequently marketed or sold by Kinex or a Third Party in 
the Territory shall not constitute a Generic Product under this Agreement.


ARTICLE 3

INFORMATION TRANSFER; DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION;

REGULATORY MATTERS

3.1 Information and Transfer of Kinex Intellectual Property. As soon as 
practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the 
Effective Date, Kinex shall disclose and
 
16
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
deliver to Hanmi electronic copies (or, upon Hanmis request, copy of the 
originals) of all Data for continued Development and Commercialization in 
the Territory. In addition to the foregoing, Kinex shall provide Hanmi with 
such assistance as Hanmi may reasonably request (at Hanmis cost and 
expenses) in connection with the foregoing disclosures, including making 
available at their place of employment (or such other location as the 
Parties may mutually agree upon) the assistance of such persons that were 
involved with the Clinical Studies and the Kinex Intellectual Property. The 
Party requesting copies of Data shall reimburse the other Party for the 
cost of providing copies of such Data.

3.2 Regulatory Filings and Applications in the Territory. Upon completion, 
and upon Hanmis request, Kinex shall provide to Hanmi a copy of a Chinese 
translation of Kinexs IND application as filed with the United States 
Regulatory Authority, and Hanmi shall reimburse Kinex for the cost of such 
translation.

3.3 Development and Commercialization.

(a) General. Hanmi shall be responsible for and shall itself, or through 
its Affiliates or sublicensees, conduct Development and Commercialization 
in the Territory during the Agreement Term as described by this agreement. 
Within ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, Hanmi shall prepare a 
draft Development plan consistent with regional development requirement and 
a budget in English with respect to the Development and Commercialization 
for countries within the Territory to be submitted to the Development and 
Commercialization Steering Committee (as defined in Section 3.5) which will 
agree on and oversee the plan for Development and Commercialization during 
the Agreement Term. If (i) Hanmi fails to obtain Regulatory Approval in any 
country in
 
17
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
the Territory within thirty six (36) months of the first Regulatory 
Approval in any country in the Territory (the first Regulatory Approval 
shall only mean the approval achieved through the regular path in any 
countries the Territory, excluding the fast-track approval which is 
permitted exceptionally in certain countries within the Territory.) or (ii) 
Hanmi fails to commercialize the Licensed Product and achieve First 
Commercial Sale in any one or more of the countries in the Territory within 
six (6) months from the date the Regulatory Approval is obtained and the 
price for the Licensed Product is obtained in accordance with regulatory 
requirement in such country in the Territory, in both cases subject to an 
extension, on the foregoing timelines, of either (x) twenty four (24) 
months at the reasonable request of Hanmi, or (y) any other reasonable 
period of time (not to exceed twenty four (24) months) sufficient enough to 
allow Hanmi to supplement its application for Regulatory Approval with 
additional materials and information as may be necessary or advisable by 
Hanmi, Kinex shall have the option, if it elects to do so, to terminate all 
rights and licenses under this Agreement with respect to such country upon 
the end of such extension.

(b) Summary Reports. Upon Kinexs sixty (60) day prior written request, 
made within thirty (30) days after the end of the first Calendar Year 
following the Effective Date and each year thereafter during the Agreement 
Term, if timely requested, Hanmi shall provide Kinex with a written summary 
of Development and Commercialization undertaken on a country by country 
basis during the then current Calendar Year consistent with written reports 
issued by Hanmi in the ordinary course of its business, which form is 
specified on Schedule 1.3.
 
18
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) Clinical Studies. Unless stated otherwise, Hanmi will be responsible 
for conducting and administering at its sole cost and expense, all the 
Clinical Studies required for Regulatory Approval in each of the countries 
within the Territory as follows:

(i) Conduct all Clinical Studies including IND enabling studies that are 
required to initiate Phase II Study(ies) and at least two Phase II Studies 
in each of the countries within the Territory identified in the Development 
plan. The aggregate number for such studies is at least one hundred twenty 
(120) patients with recruitment completed within thirty-six (36) months of 
the date of clinical Development plan.

(ii) Participate in the global Phase III Studies in such a manner in 
conjunction with Kinex that will support the registration of the Compound 
in each of the countries within the Territory requiring Clinical Studies as 
identified in the Development plan (with initiation of a Phase III Study in 
the relevant countries in the Territory within twelve (12) months after the 
successful Completion of a Phase II Study in the relevant countries in the 
Territory and the number of patients participating under the Phase III 
Study(ies) in the Territory and the scope of the global Phase III Studies 
must be discussed and agreed by both Parties prior to Initiation of such 
Phase III Study(ies)).

(iii) The Data and results of any Clinical Studies conducted by a Party or 
its ex-Territory partners shall be made available to the other Party for 
referencing at no cost to the requesting Party for regulatory filing 
purposes.

If Hanmi fails to comply with the timelines set forth above, Kinex shall 
grant a one (1) time extension of six (6) to twelve (12) months on the 
foregoing timelines at the
 
19
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
reasonable request of Hanmi. In the event that Hanmi fails to comply with 
such timelines despite an extension, Kinex shall conduct good faith 
discussions with Hanmi regarding the timelines, and if such matter is 
unable to be resolved, Kinex, may, with prior written notice to Hanmi, 
terminate all rights and licenses under this Agreement.

(d) Payment of Development and Commercialization Costs. Hanmi shall be 
responsible for all costs associated with Development and Commercialization 
in the Territory. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Hanmi 
shall reimburse Kinex for the direct and actual costs incurred by Kinex in 
carrying out any Development within the Territory that was authorized or 
approved in writing in advance by Hanmi, subject to a full accounting of 
such direct costs. Provided, however, any costs incurred in connection with 
pre-clinical development that were not foreseeable as of the Execution Date 
shall be borned by Kinex; provided, however, that if such pre-clinical 
development shall be required specifically for the regulatory approval in 
any countries within the Territory, such costs incurred in connection with 
pre-clinical development shall be divided among the Parties upon mutual 
discussions of the Parties.

(e) Records. Under this Agreement, Hanmi shall maintain records, in 
sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and 
regulatory purposes and in accordance with good industry practice, which 
shall be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall fully and 
properly reflect all work done and results achieved, including all Know-How 
and including individual case report forms, in the form required by 
applicable Laws. Kinex shall have the right, upon at least sixty (60) days 
prior written notice to Hanmi and no more than once in any Calendar Year, 
to inspect and audit such records. Kinex shall reimburse Hanmi for any 
costs incurred by Hanmi with respect to any such inspection and audit by 
Kinex.
 
20
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(f) Promotional Materials and Activities. Hanmi shall create and develop 
the advertising and promotional materials for the Licensed Products in the 
Territory with the written approval of Kinex (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) with respect to all such materials. As holder of the 
Regulatory Approvals in the Territory, Hanmi shall be responsible for all 
submissions and interactions with the Regulatory Authorities regarding 
approval of all Licensed Product-related promotional materials that require 
Regulatory Approval.

(g) Ownership of Copyrights and Trademarks. Kinex retains all rights to 
establish a global brand for each Licensed Product and shall own all 
Copyrights and Trademarks for the Licensed Product in the Territory with 
respect to such global branding strategy. Hanmi shall have the right, with 
good cause, to establish a brand for a Licensed Product in any country in 
the Territory that is distinct from Kinexs global branding, and Hanmi 
shall own all such distinct Copyrights and Trademarks. Each Party shall be 
responsible for searching, clearing and filing applications for 
registration of its own Copyrights, Trademarks and trade dress at its own 
cost and responsibility. Kinex shall execute all documents and take all 
actions as are requested by Hanmi with respect to such filings and 
registrations. Kinex shall have the right to use the Hanmi Trademarks and 
Copyrights with respect to the Compound and Licensed Product upon Hanmis 
prior written consent.
 
21
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(h) Sales of Licensed Product. All sales of Licensed Products shall be 
made, recorded, invoiced and collected by Hanmi. All terms regarding 
Licensed Product sales, including terms with respect to credit, pricing, 
cash discounts, rebates, chargebacks, bad debt write-offs, and other fees 
and charges, and returns and allowances shall be set solely by Hanmi.

(i) Supply of Licensed Product. During the Agreement Term, Kinex shall 
supply, or cause to be supplied, in accordance with regulatory requirements 
and as requested by Hanmi, the requirements for Licensed Product for 
Clinical Studies and Regulatory Approval in the Territory as reasonably 
practical to Hanmi at a purchase price payable by Hanmi equal to Kinexs 
cost for the Licensed Product. For the avoidance of doubt, Hanmi shall be 
responsible for any customs duties. After Hanmi elects to manufacture its 
own investigational products containing the Compound, Kinex shall have the 
right to purchase such investigational products from Hanmi for Clinical 
Studies and Regulatory Approval outside the Territory at a purchase price 
payable by Kinex equal to Hanmis cost for the investigational products.

3.4 Regulatory Matters.

(a) Responsibility of Hanmi.

From and after the Effective Date:

(i) Hanmi shall have sole authority and responsibility for the timely 
preparation, filing and prosecution of all filings, submissions, 
authorizations or approvals with Regulatory Authorities, and shall own and 
control all such filings, submissions,
 
22
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
authorizations and approvals, including any IND, NDA or other Drug Approval 
Application in the Territory. Hanmi shall provide copies of all such 
filings, submissions, authorizations and approvals upon reasonable request 
from Kinex, at Kinexs sole cost and expense.

(ii) Hanmi shall be the primary contact with each Regulatory Authority in 
the Territory and shall be solely responsible for all communications with 
each Regulatory Authority that relate to any IND, NDA, or other Drug 
Approval Application in the Territory, provided, however, that upon the 
reasonable request of Hanmi, Kinex shall provide appropriate personnel to 
participate in discussions with a Regulatory Authority regarding the 
regulatory review process and shall assist and consult with Hanmi in 
applying for Regulatory Approval at Hanmis cost and expense.

(iii) From and after receipt of each Regulatory Approval, Hanmi shall have 
exclusive authority and responsibility to submit all reports or amendments 
necessary to maintain Regulatory Approvals and to seek revisions of the 
conditions of each such Regulatory Approval in the Territory and shall keep 
Kinex informed of any such actions. Hanmi shall have sole authority and 
responsibility to seek and/or obtain any necessary approvals for any 
Product Label, or prescribing information, package inserts, monographs and 
packaging used in connection with a Licensed Product, in addition to 
promotional materials used in connection with a Licensed Product in the 
Territory. Hanmi shall determine whether the foregoing items require 
Regulatory Approval in the Territory.
 
23
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Responsibility of Kinex.

(i) Kinex shall fully cooperate and assist Hanmi, upon Hanmis request, 
with respect to Hanmis performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement. Kinex shall not be required, however to incur any Third Party 
costs to meet its obligation to cooperate and assist Hanmi under this 
Section. If Kinexs cooperation and assistance will be limited due to Third 
Party costs, Kinex shall provide Hanmi an estimate, including supporting 
documentation, of such Third Party costs. Unless otherwise agreed herein, 
or with the prior agreement of Hanmi otherwise, Hanmi shall not be 
responsible for any payment to Kinex in consideration of any cooperation or 
assistance rendered by Kinex.

(ii) Regulatory Cooperation. Each Party is responsible for matters 
concerning adverse drug reactions, safety information and compliance with 
regulatory requirements. Each Party shall, upon the request of the other 
Party, provide any such data in each Partys actual possession to the other 
Party that is required by the United States Regulatory Authority. The 
Parties hereby agree that they will each make their best Commercially 
Reasonable Efforts in coordinating their respective regulatory, Development 
and Commercialization efforts under this Agreement.

3.5 Appointment and Administration of Development and Commercialization 
Steering Committee for the Territory.

(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and in no 
event later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the Parties 
will establish a four (4) person steering committee to oversee and review 
the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the 
Territory, which will include two (2) representatives of each of Hanmi and 
Kinex (the Development and
 
24
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Commercialization Steering Committee) and will be chaired by one of the 
representatives of Hanmi. All actions, decisions and approvals of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall be determined 
upon an affirmative majority vote of its members.

(b) One (1) member appointed by each Party will be a senior officer of such 
Party who is either (i) responsible for product development or (ii) has 
substantial experience in product development for similar products who is 
acceptable to the other Party. Each Party, at its sole discretion, may at 
any time during the Term of this Agreement replace either of its appointed 
members with prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause its respective representatives to 
attend all meetings of the Development and Commercialization Steering 
Committee. Each Party will bear its respective travel and out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by its members or representatives in connection with the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committees meetings.

(c) The Development and Commercialization Steering Committee will meet at 
least once every Calendar Quarter or more or less frequently as the Parties 
mutually deem appropriate, at a time and place agreed by the Parties. The 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee may also convene, vote 
or hold discussions from time to time through other methods of 
communication, as deemed necessary or appropriate by the Parties, including 
without limitation, telephone, video conference or email.
 
25
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) In the event there is a disagreement among the members of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee, the members of the 
Development and Commercialization Steering Committee shall promptly present 
such issue in dispute to the relevant executive at Hanmi and Kinex who has 
the principal responsibility for the work under this Agreement. Once 
informed, the executives shall meet to discuss each partys view and to 
clarify the basis for such disagreement. If such executives are unable to 
resolve such dispute within thirty (30) days of such meeting, (i) such 
dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if it is within the framework of 
this Agreement, or (b) Hanmis decision shall be final and binding if such 
dispute is not within the framework of this Agreement and is applicable to 
issues only within the Territory. The arbitration shall be conducted in 
Singapore in accordance with the Singapore International Arbitration Centre 
Rules. If a disagreement or dispute under this Section results in a delay 
in Hanmis ability to meet any timeline provided for in this Agreement, 
such timeline shall be extended for a period of time equal to the length of 
such delay.

(e) The Development Steering and Commercialization Committee shall be 
responsible for (i) approval and amendment, from time to time, of the plan 
for Development and Commercialization, (ii) the protocols for Clinical 
Trials of Licensed Product, (iii) approval of all contracts relating to the 
Development of Licensed Product, (iv) the formulation used in respect of 
Licensed Product, and (v) contracts relating to the Commercialization of 
Licensed Product.
 
26
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 4

PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS

4.1 Milestone Fees. In consideration of the rights granted by Kinex 
hereunder, Hanmi shall pay Kinex the following milestone fees, contingent 
upon occurrence of the specified event, with each milestone fee to be paid 
no more than once with respect to the achievement of such milestone event 
(but payable the first time such milestone event is achieved):
 
(a) 	   	Effective Date 	   	US $***
(b) 	   	Completion anywhere in the Territory of one Phase II Study that 
meets the criteria set forth in the applicable protocol 	   	US $***
(c) 	   	Completion anywhere in the Territory of one Phase III Study for 
the first indication in oncology that meets the criteria set forth in the 
applicable protocol 	   	US $***
(d) 	   	First Regulatory Approval in any one country in the Territory 	   	
US $***

Each milestone fee shall be deemed earned as of the achievement of the 
related milestone event and shall be paid by Hanmi within thirty (30) 
Business Days after receipt of written notice of the achievement of each 
milestone event to Kinex.
 
27
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
4.2 Royalties.

(a) During each Calendar Quarter during the Agreement Term, Hanmi shall, 
pursuant to Section 4.3(a), pay to Kinex a royalty on annual (Calendar 
Year) aggregate Net Sales of Licensed Product based upon the following 
tiered royalty rates (annual Net Sales is the aggregated total of all sales 
in the Territory):

(i) For the amount of such annual Net Sales < US $***M                     
***%

(ii) For the amount of such annual Net Sales > US $***M                    
***%

For example, if the annual Net Sales for a given year is US $70M, then 
Hanmi shall pay a royalty of ***% on the first US $***M and ***% on the 
remaining US $***M.

(b) The tiered royalty rates set forth above shall be reduced by *** 
percent (***%) in each country in which Generic Competition exists; 
provided, however, that if Substantial Level Generic Competition exists in 
a country, then the Royalty Term and Agreement Term shall terminate with 
respect to such country, and no further royalties shall be payable by Hanmi 
to Kinex in the subject country.

4.3 Royalty Reports and Payments.

(a) Royalty Payments. Within sixty (60) days following the end of each 
Calendar Quarter during the Royalty Term, Hanmi shall submit to Kinex an 
accounting report for such applicable Calendar Quarter for each relevant 
country within the Territory, which sets forth the gross sales, Net Sales 
and the royalties payable in accordance with Section 4.2(a) for such 
Calendar Quarter, with a breakdown of all deductions taken in any such 
calculations, in accordance with the definition of Net
 
28
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Sales. Any conversion to Dollars shall be calculated in accordance with 
Section 4.4(c). In the event of any royalty reduction during any Calendar 
Quarter due to Generic Competition in any country in the Territory, the 
report for such Calendar Quarter shall also provide the basis for the 
determination of such Generic Competition. Royalties shown to have accrued 
by each report shall be due and payable on the date such report is due.

(b) Hanmi shall also furnish Kinex a written report for each relevant 
country within the Territory during the first four (4) Calendar Quarters 
commencing after the expiration of the Royalty Term stating the basis for 
Net Sales then being free of royalty obligations hereunder. Hanmi shall 
thereafter have no further obligation to include in any written reports the 
Net Sales of such Licensed Product in such country for purposes of the 
royalty calculation for any Calendar Quarter. This obligation shall survive 
the termination or expiration of this Agreement in any such country.

(c) Each Party shall keep and require its Affiliates to keep complete and 
accurate records in sufficient detail to permit accurate determination of 
all amounts necessary for calculation and verification of all payment 
obligations set forth in this Article 4 for a period of thirty six (36) 
months from the end of the relevant Calendar Quarter.
 
29
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
4.4 General Payment Provisions.

(a) Payment Method. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in 
Dollars by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account 
designated by Kinex.

(b) Withholding Taxes. Hanmi may deduct the amount of any taxes imposed on 
Kinex which are required to be withheld or collected by Hanmi, its 
Affiliates or sublicensees under the laws, rules or regulations of any 
country on amounts owing from Hanmi to Kinex hereunder. Any such taxes 
required to be withheld or collected shall be an expense of Kinex. To the 
extent Hanmi, its Affiliates or sublicensees pay such withholding taxes to 
the appropriate governmental authority on behalf of Kinex, Hanmi shall 
promptly deliver to Kinex proof of payment of such taxes.

(c) Currency Exchange. For purposes of computing royalties on Net Sales in 
any country outside the United States, the Net Sales shall be converted to 
Dollars using the year-to-date average rate of exchange for Dollars used by 
Hanmi for its internal financial accounting purposes; provided, however, 
that if for any reason conversion into Dollars cannot be made in a country 
in the Territory, then notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.4(a), 
payment may be made in the currency of such country by deposit in the name 
of Kinex in a bank account designated by it in such country.

(d) Except as otherwise defined herein, all financial calculations by 
either Party under this Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with 
IFRS. In addition, all calculations shall give pro rata effect to and shall 
proportionally adjust (by giving effect to the number of applicable days in 
such Calendar Quarter) (i) for any Calendar Quarter that is shorter than a 
standard Calendar Quarter or any Calendar Year that is shorter than
 
30
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
four (4) consecutive full Calendar Quarters, or (ii) as a result of a 
determination, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, that the 
first or last day of such Calendar Quarter (including as a result of 
termination of this Agreement) shall be deemed other than the actual first 
or last day of such Calendar Quarter, or that the first or last day of such 
Calendar Year shall be deemed other than the actual first or last day of 
such Calendar Year.

4.5 Audits. Upon the written request of Kinex, Hanmi shall permit an 
independent certified public accounting firm of recognized standing, 
selected by Kinex and acceptable by Hanmi (provided that such accounting 
firm shall not be retained or compensated on a contingency basis and shall 
have entered into a confidentiality agreement with Kinex in the form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Hanmi), to have access not more than 
once in any Calendar Year, during normal business hours, to such of the 
records of Hanmi as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of 
the reports under Section 4.3 hereof for any year ending not more than 
twenty four (24) months prior to the date of such request. The accounting 
firm shall disclose to Kinex whether the reports are correct or incorrect, 
the specific details concerning any discrepancies (including the accuracy 
of the calculation of Net Sales and the resulting effect of such 
calculations on the amounts payable by Hanmi under this Agreement) and such 
other information that should properly be contained in a report required 
under this Agreement (the Audit Report).

(a) If such accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed 
during such year, and Hanmi agrees with such conclusion, then Hanmi shall 
pay the additional payments, together with interest at the Prime Rate on 
the amount of such
 
31
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
additional payments, within thirty (30) days of the date Kinex delivers the 
Audit Report to Hanmi. In the event that Hanmi disagrees with the 
accounting firms conclusion, Hanmi shall not have the obligation to make 
any additional payments to Kinex until there is a mutual agreement of the 
Parties regarding the amount owed by Hanmi. For the avoidance of doubt, 
Hanmi is not obligated to pay any interest for the period during which the 
Parties were in dispute of the account firms conclusion and amount owed 
thereunder. In the event such accounting firm concludes that amounts were 
overpaid by Hanmi during such period, Kinex shall repay Hanmi the amount of 
such overpayment, together with interest at the Prime Rate on the amount of 
such overpayment, within thirty (30) days of the date the auditing Party 
delivers to the audited Party such accounting firms Audit Report. The fees 
charged by such accounting firm shall be paid by Kinex, provided, however, 
that if an error in favor of the Kinex of more than five percent (5%) of 
the payments due hereunder for the period being reviewed is discovered, 
then the fees and expenses of the accounting firm shall be paid by Hanmi.

(b) Upon the expiration of twenty four (24) months following the end of any 
year for which Hanmi or Kinex has made payment in full of amounts payable 
with respect to such year, and in the absence of negligence or willful 
misconduct of Hanmi or Kinex or a contrary finding by an accounting firm 
pursuant to Section 4.5(a), such calculation shall be binding and 
conclusive upon Hanmi or Kinex, and Hanmi or Kinex, as applicable, shall be 
released from any liability or accountability with respect to royalties or 
other payments for such year.
 
32
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 General Representations. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to 
the other Party as follows:

(a) Such Party is a corporation or limited liability company duly 
organized, validly existing and is in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, is qualified to do business 
and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in 
which the conduct of its business or the ownership of its properties 
requires such qualification and failure to have such would prevent it from 
performing its obligations under this Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party 
has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and 
will not (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in 
effect having applicability to it or any provision of its charter or 
bylaws; or (ii) conflict with or constitute a default under any other 
agreement to which such Party is a party;

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and is a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with the 
terms and conditions hereof, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) 
any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or 
similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or (ii) general 
principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law;
 
33
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(d) Such Party is not under any obligation to any person or entity, 
contractual or otherwise, that is in conflict with the terms of this 
Agreement, nor shall such Party undertake any such obligation during the 
Agreement Term;

(e) Such Party has obtained all authorizations, licenses, permits, consents 
and approvals, governmental or otherwise, necessary for the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, and to otherwise perform such Partys 
obligations under this Agreement;

(f) Neither Party, nor any of its Affiliates, are a party to, or are 
otherwise bound by, any oral or written agreement that will result in any 
person or entity obtaining any interest in, or that would give to any Third 
Party any right to assert any claim in or with respect to, any of such 
Partys or the other Partys rights under this Agreement; and

(g) Such Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with 
all applicable Laws.

5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of Kinex. Kinex represents 
and warrants to Hanmi that:

(a) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) to Kinexs best 
knowledge, there is no Third Party infringement of any of the Kinex 
Intellectual Property; (ii) the Kinex Intellectual Property is in full 
force and effect where filed; (iii) the Kinex Patent Rights where filed are 
not subject to any pending or threatened re-examination, re-issue, 
opposition, interference, challenge, litigation proceeding or other claim; 
and (iv) Kinex has not filed or prosecuted any patent applications with 
respect to the Kinex Intellectual Property in any of the following 
countries in the Territory: Vietnam, Philippines,
 
34
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
Malaysia, Indonesia or Thailand; provided, however, Kinex shall cause and 
ensure that Hanmi is granted Data exclusivity under this Agreement in all 
of the abovementioned five (5) countries and shall perform all necessary 
requirements in connection therewith.

(b) Kinex has not committed any act, or omitted to commit any act, that may 
cause the Kinex Patent Rights where filed to expire prematurely or be 
declared invalid or unenforceable, or that stops Kinex from enforcing the 
Kinex Patent Rights where filed against any Third Party;

(c) As of the Effective Date in the Territory, (i) Kinex has the sole right 
to use, disclose and enable Hanmi to use and disclose (in each case under 
appropriate conditions of confidentiality) the Kinex Know-How; and (ii) the 
Kinex Intellectual Property is not subject to any encumbrance, lien, 
license or claim of ownership by any Third Party;

(d) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Kinex assign, transfer, 
encumber, dispose of, or grant rights in, or with respect to, the Kinex 
Intellectual Property in a manner that is inconsistent with the rights 
granted to Hanmi under this Agreement;

(e) At no time during the Agreement Term shall Kinex, without Hanmis prior 
written consent, enter into any other agreements regarding the Kinex 
Intellectual Property, Compound or the Licensed Products for Field within 
the Territory;

(f) The Data and information provided to Hanmi or its Affiliates prior to 
the Effective Date relating to pre-clinical and clinical studies related to 
Compound has been
 
35
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
accurate in all respects and Kinex has made no misrepresentation or 
omission in connection with such Data and information. Kinex has also 
provided Hanmi or its Affiliates with access to complete summaries of all 
adverse events known to Kinex relating to the Compound;

(g) The Kinex Intellectual Property listed in Schedule 1.2 is the complete 
and exhaustive list of all intellectual property and proprietary rights of 
Kinex necessary for the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed 
Product.


ARTICLE 6

PATENT MATTERS

6.1 Ownership of Inventions.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, as between the Parties:

(i) Kinex shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or Control 
over, as applicable, all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) (i) existing, owned or Controlled by it on the Effective Date, 
subject to the licenses and other rights for the specified Territory 
granted to Hanmi under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory 
and (ii) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice or 
generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as a 
result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term solely by 
Kinex employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority.
 
36
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(ii) Hanmi shall have and retain all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement both within and outside the Territory as 
a result of Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term, solely by 
Hanmis employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to its 
authority.

(iii) Kinex and Hanmi shall jointly own all right, title and interest in or 
Control over all Intellectual Property (and Patent Rights arising 
thereunder) which is discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to practice 
or generated under this Agreement in the Territory as a result of 
Development or otherwise during the Agreement Term jointly by Kinex and 
Hanmi employees, agents, or other persons acting under or pursuant to their 
authority (Jointly Owned Intellectual Property). With respect to Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property, both Parties shall have the right to use such 
Intellectual Property within the Territory subject to the terms of this 
Agreement. Kinex shall have the sole right to use the Jointly Owned 
Intellectual Property in all countries outside the Territory without 
accounting or payment to Hanmi. For the avoidance of doubt, the right, 
title and interest of a Party in, or control of, the Jointly Owned 
Intellectual Property shall survive the termination and expiration of this 
Agreement.

(b) Employees and Agents. Each of Kinex and Hanmi shall require all of its 
and its Affiliates employees to assign all inventions and corresponding 
patent applications that are discovered, made, first conceived, reduced to 
practice or generated by such employees during the Agreement Term to Kinex 
and/or Hanmi according to the
 
37
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ownership principles described in Section 6.1(a) and subject to the laws of 
the country of employment. Each Party shall use Commercially Reasonable 
Efforts to require any Third Parties working on the Phase I Clinical Study 
or any Development under the Agreement or who receive materials relating to 
Licensed Product or Know-How from a Party, to assign or grant a 
sublicenseable exclusive license on a fully paid-up, royalty-free basis to 
all inventions and corresponding Patent Rights that are developed, made or 
conceived by such Third Parties during the Agreement Term to Kinex and/or 
Hanmi according to the ownership principles described in Section 6.1(a).

6.2 Maintenance and Prosecution.

(a) Kinex Patent Rights. Kinex shall have the first right to file, 
prosecute and maintain the Kinex Patent Rights in Kinexs name, by 
retaining patent counsel selected by Kinex and shall be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and fees relating to patent prosecution and 
maintenance. As of the Effective Date, the Kinex Patent Rights do not 
include any filings with respect to the countries of Vietnam, Philippines, 
Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. Kinex shall also have the first right to 
file, prosecute and maintain all Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in all 
countries outside the Territory. Kinex agrees to keep Hanmi informed of the 
course of patent prosecution, application or other proceedings in the 
Territory.

(b) Hanmi Patent Rights. Hanmi shall have the first right to file, 
prosecute and maintain the Hanmi Patent Rights in Hanmis name, by 
retaining patent counsel selected by Hanmi and shall be responsible for the 
payment of all costs and fees relating to patent prosecution and 
maintenance. Hanmi agrees to keep Kinex informed of the
 
38
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
course of patent prosecution, application or other proceedings and to 
furnish Kinex, per its request, with copies of office actions received by 
Hanmi from the United States Patent and Trademark Office or other 
Regulatory Authority outside the Territory concerning Hanmi Patent Rights. 
Hanmi shall also have the first right to file, prosecute and maintain all 
Jointly Owned Intellectual Property in all countries in the Territory. 
Hanmi hereby grants a right of first refusal to Kinex for any Hanmi Patent 
Rights for which Hanmi intends to grant any right or license outside the 
Territory. Hanmi shall provide Kinex with written notice of the terms on 
which Hanmi proposes to license such Hanmi Patent Rights outside the 
Territory, and Kinex shall have ninety (90) days from the date of receipt 
of such written notice to send a written reply to Hanmi indicating its 
desire to license such Hanmi Patent Rights on the terms contained in 
Hanmis written notice. If Kinex does not respond within the ninety (90) 
days, Hanmi shall be free to license such Hanmi Patent Rights to third 
parties outside the Territory on the terms and conditions contained in the 
written notice sent to Kinex.

(c) The responsible Party under this Section 6.2 shall solicit the other 
Partys review of the nature and text of any patent applications within the 
Territory and important prosecution matters related thereto in reasonably 
sufficient time prior to the filing thereof, and the responsible Party 
shall take into account the other Partys reasonable comments related 
thereto. Each Party shall execute all documents and take all actions as are 
reasonably requested by the other Party with respect to any filings and 
registrations.
 
39
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
6.3 Third Party Infringement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly give the other Party notice of any actual or 
suspected infringement by a Third Party in the Territory of any patent 
included in the Kinex Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Product or 
Jointly Owned Intellectual Property (collectively, the Parties Patent 
Rights), which comes to such Partys attention. In addition, Hanmi shall 
give Kinex notice of any actual or suspected infringement which comes to 
its attention by a Third Party outside the Territory of any patent included 
in the Kinex Patent Rights relating to the Licensed Product or the Jointly 
Owned Intellectual Property. The Parties shall thereafter consult and 
cooperate to determine a course of action, including the commencement of 
legal action.

(b) Kinex shall have the first right to initiate and prosecute such legal 
action in the Territory at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or 
Hanmi, or to control the defense of any declaratory judgment action in the 
Territory relating to the Parties Patent Rights, and Kinex shall provide 
Hanmi with reasonable notice of any such action it commences and keep Hanmi 
reasonably informed of any significant developments in such action. Hanmi 
shall render, at its expense, all assistance reasonably requested in 
connection with any action taken by Kinex or to prevent such infringement 
(including reasonable attorneys fees). However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall be under the control of Kinex; provided that 
Kinex shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that 
adversely affects Hanmis rights under this Agreement or which results in 
any monetary payment by or financial loss to Hanmi, without Hanmis prior 
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
40
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) If Kinex elects not to initiate and prosecute an infringement or defend 
a declaratory judgment action in any country in the Territory as provided 
in Section 6.3(b) within sixty (60) days after having become aware of such 
potential infringement, then Hanmi may elect, which election shall be 
subject to the prior written consent of Kinex to take such action that is 
reasonably necessary and appropriate to terminate or prevent such 
infringement, including instituting an infringement proceeding, provided, 
however, that Hanmi shall not enter into any settlement or compromise of 
any claim relating to the Parties Patent Rights licensed hereunder or 
which results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to 
Kinex, without Kinexs prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right to initiate and prosecute any legal 
action outside the Territory with respect to the Kinex Patent Rights 
relating to the Licensed Product, or the Jointly Owned Intellectual 
Property at its own expense and in the name of Kinex and/or Hanmi, or to 
control the defense of any declaratory judgment action outside the 
Territory relating to such Patent Rights. However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Kinex.
 
41
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(e) For any legal action or defense contemplated by this Section 6.3, in 
the event that any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such 
action solely in its own name, the other Party will join such action 
voluntarily and will execute all documents necessary for the Party to 
prosecute, defend and maintain such action. In connection with any such 
action, the Parties will cooperate fully and will provide each other with 
any information or assistance that either reasonably may request. Any 
recovery or award obtained by either Party as a result of any such action 
or settlement shall be shared as follows:

(i) the Party that initiated and prosecuted, or maintained the defense of, 
the action shall recoup all of its costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action, whether the 
recovery is by settlement or otherwise;

(ii) the other Party then shall, to the extent possible, recover its 
reasonably documented costs and expenses (including reasonable outside 
attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the action; and

(iii) regardless of the Party initiating the action, each Party shall be 
entitle to fifty percent (50%) of the remaining recovery amount 
attributable to the Territory.

6.4 Third Party Intellectual Property.

(a) In the event that a Party becomes aware of any claim that the practice 
by either Party of Know-How or Patent Rights or manufacture, import, use or 
sale of Licensed Product hereunder infringes the intellectual property 
rights of any Third Party in the Territory, such Party shall promptly 
notify the other Party. The Parties shall thereafter discuss the situation, 
and to the extent reasonably necessary, attempt to agree on a course of 
action.
 
42
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) If within ten (10) Business Days the Parties fail to agree upon an 
appropriate course of action in the Territory, Hanmi shall have the first 
right, but not the obligation, to defend any action in the Territory 
related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party or to 
initiate and prosecute legal action in the Territory related to the 
intellectual property rights of any Third Party in the name of Hanmi and/or 
Kinex. Hanmi shall keep Kinex reasonably informed as to the progress of any 
such action. Kinex shall render, all assistance reasonably requested in 
connection with any action taken by Hanmi. However, the control of such 
action, including whether to initiate any legal proceeding and/or the 
settlement thereof, shall solely be under the control of Hanmi; provided 
that Hanmi shall not settle any such claim or proceeding in a manner that 
materially adversely affects Kinexs rights under this Agreement or which 
results in any material monetary payment by or financial loss to Kinex, 
without Kinexs written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. Kinex shall pay for all costs and expenses incurred by Hanmi in 
such defense. In addition, Kinex shall pay all damages awarded or 
settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar payments) to 
such Third Party.

(c) If Hanmi elects not to defend an infringement action in any country in 
the Territory as provided in Section 6.4(b), and Kinex elects to do so, the 
cost of any agreed-upon course of action, including the costs of any legal 
action commenced or any infringement action defended, shall be borne solely 
by Kinex, provided, however, that Kinex shall not enter into any settlement 
or compromise of any claim which results in any financial loss to Hanmi 
without the prior written consent of Hanmi, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, and Kinex shall pay all damages awarded or
 
43
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
settlement payments made (including future royalty or similar payments) to 
such Third Party. For any such legal action or defense, in the event that 
any Party is unable to initiate, prosecute, or defend such action solely in 
its own name, the other Party will join such action voluntarily and will 
execute all documents necessary for the Party to prosecute, defend and 
maintain such action. In connection with any such action, the Parties will 
cooperate fully and will provide each other with any information or 
assistance that either reasonably may request and all costs incurred in 
relation to such action shall be borne solely by Kinex.

(d) Kinex shall have the sole right, but not the obligation to defend any 
action related to the intellectual property rights outside the Territory of 
any Third Party or to initiate and prosecute legal action outside the 
Territory related to the intellectual property rights of any Third Party in 
the name of Hanmi and/or Kinex. Hanmi shall render, at Kinexs expense, all 
assistance reasonably requested in connection with any action taken by 
Kinex. However, the control of such action, including whether to initiate 
any legal proceeding and/or the settlement thereof, shall solely be under 
the control of Kinex.

6.5 Patent Term Extensions. The Parties shall cooperate with each other in 
obtaining patent term extensions or restorations or supplemental protection 
certificates or their equivalents in any country in the Territory where 
applicable and where desired by Hanmi. Elections with respect to obtaining 
such extension or supplemental protection certificates shall be made in the 
same manner and with the same relative priorities between the Parties as is 
applicable to the prosecution and maintenance of Patent Rights pursuant to 
Section 6.2.
 
44
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
6.6 Patent Marking. Hanmi shall mark, and shall require its Affiliates and 
sublicensees to mark, all Licensed Products sold or distributed pursuant to 
this Agreement in accordance with the applicable patent statutes or 
regulations in the country or countries of manufacture and/or sale thereof.


ARTICLE 7

CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

7.1 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. All Proprietary Information 
disclosed by one Party to the other Party hereunder shall be maintained in 
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party or used for any 
purpose except as expressly permitted herein without the prior written 
consent of the Party that disclosed the Proprietary Information to the 
other Party during the term of this Agreement and for a period of ten (10) 
years thereafter. The foregoing non-disclosure and non-use obligations 
shall not apply to the extent that such Proprietary Information:

(a) is known by the receiving Party at the time of its receipt, and not 
through a prior disclosure by the disclosing Party, as documented by 
records;

(b) is or becomes properly in the public domain or knowledge without breach 
by either Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to a receiving Party by a Third Party who may 
lawfully do so and is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the 
disclosing Party; or

(d) is developed by the receiving Party independently of Proprietary 
Information received from the disclosing Party, as documented by records.
 
45
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
7.2 Permitted Disclosure of Proprietary Information. Notwithstanding 
Section 7.1, a Party receiving Proprietary Information of another Party may 
disclose such Proprietary Information:

(a) to governmental or other regulatory agencies in order to obtain patents 
pursuant to this Agreement, or to gain approval to conduct Clinical Studies 
or to market Licensed Product, but such disclosure may be only to the 
extent reasonably necessary to obtain such patents or authorizations and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise requested by 
the Regulatory Authorities;

(b) by Hanmi to its agents, consultants, sublicensees or Affiliates in 
connection with the Development or Commercialization, or to otherwise 
enable Hanmi to fulfill its obligations and responsibilities under this 
Agreement, on the condition that such entities agree to be bound by 
confidentiality obligations consistent with this Agreement; or

(c) if required to be disclosed by law or court order; provided that 
notice is promptly delivered to the non-disclosing Party in order to 
provide an opportunity to challenge or limit the disclosure obligations.

(d) Certain Disclosures. Except as set forth in this Agreement or as 
required by law, neither Party shall make any press release or other public 
announcement or other public disclosure to a Third Party concerning the 
existence of or terms of this Agreement, the subject matter of this 
Agreement or the activities contemplated hereunder, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall include agreement 
upon the
 
46
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
nature and text of such release, announcement, or other disclosure, and 
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Party agrees to provide 
to the other Party a copy of any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances prior to its scheduled release. Each Party shall have the 
right to expeditiously (but in any event within forty eight (48) hours) 
review and recommend changes to any such press release or other public 
announcement or disclosure; provided, however, that such right of review 
and recommendation shall only apply for the first time that specific 
information is to be disclosed, and shall not apply to the subsequent 
disclosure of substantially similar information that has previously been 
disclosed unless there have been material developments relating to Licensed 
Product since the date of the previous disclosure; provided, further, that 
each Party shall provide to the other Party reasonable advance notice of 
any such subsequent disclosure. Without limiting the generality of any of 
the foregoing, it is understood that the Parties or their Affiliates may 
make disclosure of this Agreement and the terms hereof in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or 
securities exchange, may file this Agreement as an exhibit to any filing 
with the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities exchange, and may 
distribute any such filing in the ordinary course of its business; 
provided, further, that to the maximum extent allowable by the rules and 
regulations of the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities 
exchange, and except as required by applicable Laws, Kinex and Hanmi shall 
seek to redact any confidential information set forth in such filings, and 
each Party shall provide a draft of the redacted version of this Agreement 
to the other Party no less than five (5) Business Days prior to filing with 
the SEC, other governmental authority, or securities exchange, and give 
reasonable consideration to the other Partys comments regarding any 
proposed redaction.
 
47
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
7.3 Publications. Hanmi shall not submit for written or oral publication 
any manuscript, abstract or the like relating to the Compound or Licensed 
Product, without the prior approval or written request of Kinex. If Hanmi 
desires to submit such publication, it shall first deliver to Kinex, for 
Kinexs prior written consent, the proposed publication or an outline of 
the oral disclosure at least sixty (60) days prior to planned submission or 
presentation.

7.4 Publicity. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or required 
by law or regulation, no Party will originate any news release or other 
public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, 
stockholders reports or otherwise, relating to this Agreement or to any 
sublicense under this Agreement, or to the performance under this Agreement 
or under any sublicense under this Agreement, without the prior written 
approval of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict 
disclosures made in connection with any filing of information or materials 
with a stock exchange or the SEC or any stockholders letter to private 
investors.


ARTICLE 8

TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term and Expiration. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as 
of the Effective Date. Thereafter, unless terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 8.2 below, this Agreement shall extend for a period which may 
expire on a country by country basis upon the earliest to occur of either 
(i) the expiration of the Kinex Patent Rights or (ii) invalidation of the 
Kinex Patent Right (the Agreement Term). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
after the
 
48
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
occurrence of (i) or (ii) above, the Agreement Term shall automatically be 
extended for consecutive one (1) year periods subject to the same terms and 
conditions set forth herein (unless agreed otherwise) unless either Party 
gives written notice of its intention not to extend the Agreement term: (i) 
at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration date of the Kinex Patent 
Rights; or (ii) as soon as practically possible in the case of an 
invalidation claim; and (iii) at least ninety (90) days prior to the then 
current expiration date of the Agreement thereafter.

8.2 Early Termination of Agreement Term.

(a) Termination by Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated in whole or 
in part upon mutual written agreement of the Parties.

(b) Termination by Hanmi. Hanmi may terminate in whole or in part this 
Agreement in its sole discretion upon not less than six (6) months prior 
written notice of termination provided anytime after the Effective Date (
provided, however, that no such termination shall be effective until the 
Completion of any then Ongoing Clinical Studies). The cost involved during 
the six (6) months on top of completing the Ongoing Clinical Studies will 
also be borne by Hanmi. In addition, if any milestone is met per the 
Clinical Studies prior to the final termination date, Hanmi will also be 
responsible for the milestone payment.
 
49
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(c) Termination by Either Party. Either Party may, without prejudice to any 
other remedies available to it under this Agreement or at law or in equity, 
terminate this Agreement prior to expiration of the Agreement Term in the 
event that any of the following occurs:

(i) The other Party (as used in this subsection, the Breaching Party) 
shall have materially breached or defaulted in the performance of any of 
its material obligations hereunder (including a breach of the 
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement), and has not 
cured such breach within (i) thirty (30) days after notice of such breach 
is provided to the Breaching Party in case the breach is a non-payment of 
any amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good 
faith (which shall be deemed a material breach of a material obligation) 
and (ii) sixty (60) days after notice of such breach is provided to the 
Breaching Party for other cases of breach (or, if such default cannot be 
cured within such sixty (60) day period, if the Breaching Party does not 
commence and diligently continue actions to cure such default during such 
sixty (60) day period). The termination shall become effective at the end 
of the (i) thirty (30) day period in case the breach is a non-payment of 
any amount due under this Agreement that is not being disputed in good 
faith if the Breaching Party has not cured such breach by such date, or 
(ii) for other cases of breach, sixty (60) day period unless (a) the 
Breaching Party cures such breach during such sixty (60) day period, or (b) 
if such breach is not susceptible to cure within such sixty (60) day 
period, the Breaching Party has commenced and is diligently pursuing a cure 
(unless such breach, by its nature, is incurable, in which case the 
Agreement may not be terminated unless the Breaching Party fails to use its 
best commercially reasonable efforts to prevent a similar subsequent 
breach). The right of either Kinex or Hanmi to terminate this Agreement as 
provided in this Section 8.2(c)(i) shall not be affected in any way by such 
Partys waiver or failure to take action with respect to any previous 
breach or default.
 
50
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(ii) An administrator is appointed in respect of any of the property or 
assets of the other Party.

(iii) The other Party stops or suspends payment of all or a class of its 
debts, becomes insolvent or sells or parts with possession of the whole or 
a major part of its assets or major undertaking.

(iv) An application or order is made, proceedings are commenced, a 
resolution is passed or proposed in a notice of meeting or an application 
to a court or other steps are taken (other than frivolous or vexatious 
applications, proceedings, notice or steps) for the winding up or 
dissolution of the other Party or for it to enter an arrangement, 
compromise or composition with or assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors, a class of them or any of them.

(v) The Parties agree in writing to terminate this Agreement.

(vi) Hanmi may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by providing 
written notice to the purchaser in case (i) a competitor of Hanmi should 
obtain any ownership interest in Kinex and (ii) such transfer of ownership 
to a competitor of Hanmi should affect adversely any right of Hanmi under 
this Agreement, regardless of whether or not a change of control has 
occurred.

8.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival.

(a) Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the 
Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination, 
including all accrued
 
51
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
payment obligations arising under Article 4 hereof. In addition to any 
other provisions of this Agreement which by their terms continue after the 
expiration of this Agreement, the provisions of Articles 3.3(g). 6, 7, 9 
and 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and 
shall continue in effect after the date of expiration or termination for 
the longer of (i) five (5) years or (ii) the respective periods specified 
therein. Any expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall be 
without prejudice to the rights of any Party against the other accrued or 
accruing under this Agreement prior to termination. Except as expressly set 
forth herein, the rights to terminate as set forth herein shall be in 
addition to all other rights and remedies available under this Agreement, 
at law, or in equity, or otherwise.

(b) Payments of amounts owing to Kinex under this Agreement as of its 
expiration or termination shall be due and payable either (i) to the extent 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the 
date of such expiration or termination, or (ii) to the extent such amounts 
cannot be calculated and a fixed sum determined at the time of expiration 
or termination of this Agreement, thirty (30) days after the date at which 
such amounts can be calculated and a fixed sum is mutually determined.

(c) Subject to the payment of all amounts required hereunder, Hanmi and its 
Affiliates shall have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the stock 
of any Licensed Product subject to this Agreement on hand or in process of 
manufacture as of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Within 
thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination or expiration of 
this Agreement, Hanmi shall notify Kinex of the
 
52
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
amount of Licensed Product Hanmi, its Affiliates and sublicensees then have 
on hand or in the process of manufacture and shall have the right to sell 
in the Territory (except with respect to any country in the Territory in 
which Licensed Product has been withdrawn or there is no Regulatory 
Approval), its remaining stock of Licensed Product until all of it is sold; 
provided, however, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply 
to such Licensed Product so sold. Kinex hereby grants a non-exclusive 
license to Hanmi as necessary to sell such Licensed Product in the 
Territory, subject to payment of all related amounts due under this 
Agreement. Any remaining quantities of Licensed Product not sold, at 
Hanmis election, may be (i) destroyed by Hanmi at Hanmis cost, (ii) sold 
to Kinex at Hanmis procurement cost for such Licensed Product, or (iii) 
sold to customers in the Territory.

(d) Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the following 
shall also be applicable: (i) at Kinexs request, Hanmi shall promptly 
transfer and return to Kinex copies of all Data, reports, records and 
materials in Hanmis possession or control that relate to Compound or 
Licensed Products and return to Kinex all relevant records and materials in 
Hanmis possession or control containing Proprietary Information of Kinex (
provided that Hanmi may keep one copy of such Proprietary Information of 
Kinex for archival purposes only); (ii) Hanmi shall transfer to Kinex 
ownership of any INDs, Regulatory Approvals, Drug Approval Applications and 
any other regulatory filings or submissions made or filed for Licensed 
Product by Hanmi or its designees; and (iii) Kinex shall promptly return to 
Hanmi all relevant records and materials in Kinexs possession or control 
containing Proprietary Information of Hanmi (provided that, Kinex may keep 
one copy of such Proprietary Information of Hanmi for archival purposes 
only).
 
53
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 9

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

9.1 Indemnity. For purposes of this Article 9, Kinex Indemnified Parties 
refers to Kinex, its Affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, 
shareholders, agents and successors and assigns of Kinex and its 
Affiliates, and Hanmi Indemnified Parties refers to Hanmi, its Affiliates 
and officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents and successors and 
assigns of Hanmi and its Affiliates.

9.2 Hanmi Indemnification. Hanmi shall defend the Kinex Indemnified Parties 
from and against all suits, claims, actions, demands, complaints, lawsuits 
or other proceedings, (collectively, Claims), that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Kinex Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses, that arise out of or are attributable to, (i) Hanmis gross 
negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or performing 
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a material 
breach by Hanmi of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or 
covenants under this Agreement; provided, however, that Hanmi shall not be 
obligated under this Section 9.2, to the extent it is shown by evidence 
acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject matter 
and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the Claim 
arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of Kinex.
 
54
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.3 Kinex Indemnification. Kinex shall defend the Hanmi Indemnified Parties 
from and against all Claims, in each case that are brought by a Third 
Party, and shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent 
permitted by law the Hanmi Indemnified Parties from and against any and all 
Losses that arise out of such Claims that are attributable to, (i) Kinexs 
gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in exercising or 
performing any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) a 
material breach by Kinex of any of its obligations, representations, 
warranties or covenants under this Agreement; provided, however, that Kinex 
shall not be obligated under this Section 9.3, to the extent it is shown by 
evidence acceptable in a court of law having jurisdiction over the subject 
matter and meeting the appropriate degree of proof for such Claim that the 
Claim arose out of the negligence or wrongdoing on the part of Hanmi.

9.4 Indemnification Procedure.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any 
Claim. Concurrent with the provision of notice pursuant to this Section 
9.4(a), the Indemnified Party shall provide to the other Party copies of 
any complaint, summons, subpoena or other court filings or correspondence 
related to such Claim and will give such other information with respect 
thereto as the other Party shall reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party 
and Indemnified Party shall meet to discuss how to respond to such Claim. 
Failure to provide prompt notice shall not relieve any Party of the duty to 
defend or indemnify unless such failure materially prejudices the defense 
of any matter. Each Party agrees that it will take reasonable steps to 
minimize the burdens of the litigation on witnesses and on the ongoing 
business of the Indemnified Parties including making reasonable 
accommodations to witnesses schedules when possible and seeking 
appropriate protective orders limiting the duration and/or location of 
depositions.
 
55
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(b) Should either Party dispute that any Claim or portion of a Claim (
Disputed Claim) of which it receives notice pursuant to Section 9.4(a), is 
an indemnified Claim, it shall so notify the other Party providing written 
notice in sufficient time to permit such other Party to retain counsel and 
timely appear, answer and/or move in any such action. In such event, such 
other Party shall defend against such Claim; provided, however, that such 
other Party shall not settle any Claim which it contends is an indemnified 
Claim without providing the Indemnifying Party ten (10) Business Days 
notice prior to any such settlement and an opportunity to assume the 
defense and indemnification of such Claim pursuant to this Agreement. If it 
is determined that a Disputed Claim is subject to indemnification, the 
Indemnifying Party will reimburse the costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys fees, of the Indemnified Party.

9.5 Settlement of Indemnified Claims. The Indemnifying Party under Sections 
9.2 or 9.3, as applicable, shall have the sole authority to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the consent of the other Party; provided, 
however, that an Indemnifying Party shall not, without the written consent 
of the other Party, as part of any settlement or compromise (i) admit to 
liability on the part of the other Party; (ii) agree to an injunction 
against the other Party; or (iii) settle any matter in a manner that 
separately apportions fault to the other Party. The Parties further agree 
that as part of the settlement of any Indemnified Claim, an Indemnifying 
Party shall obtain a full, complete and unconditional release from the 
claimant on behalf of the Indemnified Parties.
 
56
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
9.6 Insurance.

(a) Hanmi shall maintain in the Territory, commencing as of the Effective 
Date, commercial general liability insurance (including coverage for 
product liability, contractual liability, bodily injury, property damage 
and personal injury), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
Kinex, with minimum limits of $5,000,000 per occurrence or, in case of 
Clinical Studies, $5,000,000 per occurrence during the period when such 
Clinical Studies are being conducted (the Insurance). If such Insurance 
is written on a claims-made form, it shall continue for three (3) years 
following termination of this Agreement. The Insurance shall have 
retroactive date to or coinciding with the Effective Date. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Hanmi may satisfy the foregoing obligation with respect to 
the Insurance through self-insurance.

(b) Such Insurance shall insure against all liability arising out of the 
manufacture, use, sale, distribution, or marketing of Licensed Product in 
and for the Territory. During the Agreement Term, Hanmi shall not permit 
such Insurance to be reduced, expired, materially amended or canceled 
during the period of the Insurance and/or the Agreement without reasonable 
prior written notice that shall be sent by registered mail to Kinex. Upon 
request Hanmi shall provide certificates of insurance to Kinex evidencing 
the coverage specified herein.

(c) Except as expressly stated herein, a Partys liability to the other is 
in no way limited to the extent of the Partys insurance coverage.

(d) The Insurance shall contain an explicit clause, stating that each Party 
and its insurer waive their rights of subrogation against the other Party 
and its directors, employees and/or any one on its behalf with respect to 
the Insurance. Such waiver shall not apply in the event of a malicious act.
 
57
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
(e) The Insurance shall be primary to any other insurance maintained by 
each Party and each Party hereby waives any claim or demand as to 
participation in any such other insurance.

(f) The Insurance shall be valid in any location worldwide regarding the 
activities performed by each Party hereunder (including worldwide 
jurisdictions) for any destination or lawsuit which will be served against 
the other Party.

9.7 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO 
THE OTHER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, 
BUSINESS OR GOODWILL) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH OTHER PARTY OR ITS 
AFFILIATES, WHETHER BASED UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING SENTENCE SHALL NOT LIMIT THE OBLIGATIONS OF 
EITHER PARTY TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS UNDER THIS ARTICLE.
 
58
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
ARTICLE 10

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the 
Agreement during the period of time when such failure or delay is caused by 
or results from events beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including 
fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, blockage, embargo, war, acts of 
war (whether war be declared or not), terrorism, insurrection, riot, civil 
commotion, strike, lockout or other labor disturbance, failure of public 
utilities or common carriers, act of God or act, omission or delay in 
acting by any governmental authority or the other Party. The affected Party 
shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as 
reasonably practicable.

10.2 Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred 
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, 
that either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or in 
connection with the transfer or sale of its business or all of its assets 
or in the event of a merger, or consolidation upon prior written notice to 
the other Party only if the transferring Party warrants and ensures and the 
successor entity agrees to assume all (and not less than all) of the 
transferring Partys responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding, any assignment permitted under this Agreement shall not 
relieve the transferring Party of its responsibilities for performance of 
its obligations under this Agreement as a primary obligor. This Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and 
permitted assigns of the Parties. Any assignment not in accordance with 
this Agreement shall be void.
 
59
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
10.3 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions contained in 
this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, 
unless the absence of the invalidated provision(s) adversely affects the 
substantive rights of the Parties. In such event, the Parties covenant and 
agree to renegotiate any such term, covenant or application thereof in good 
faith in order to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative to the term, 
covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof that is 
invalid or unenforceable, it being the intent of the Parties that the basic 
purposes of this Agreement are to be effectuated.

10.4 Notices.

(a) Correspondence, reports, documentation, and any other communication in 
writing between the Parties in the course of ordinary implementation of 
this Agreement (but not including any notice required by this Agreement) 
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by e-mail, or by overnight 
express mail (e.g., FedEx) to any one (1) representative designated by the 
Party which is to receive such written communication.

(b) Extraordinary notices and communications (including but not limited to 
notices of termination, force majeure, material breach, change of address, 
or any other notices required by this Agreement) shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person, or sent by 
overnight courier service (e.g., FedEx), postage prepaid, or by facsimile 
confirmed by prepaid registered or certified air mail letter or by 
overnight express mail (e.g., FedEx), or sent by prepaid certified or 
registered
 
60
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
air mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses of the 
Parties (or to such other address or addresses as may be specified from 
time to time in a written notice), and shall be deemed to have been 
properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written 
communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:

if to Kinex to:

KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
701 Ellicott Street
Buffalo, New York 14203
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: 716-849-6651

if to Hanmi to:

HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.
45 Hanmi Tower
BangYee-Dong SongPa-Gu Seoul
138-724 South Korea
Tel: 82-2-410-8773
Attention: Director, Clinical Development & Licensing
Fax No.: 82-2-410-9278

or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may 
have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance herewith. Any 
such communication shall be deemed to have been given when delivered if 
personally delivered or sent by facsimile on a Business Day, upon confirmed 
delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier if so delivered, and on 
the third Business Day following the date of mailing if sent by registered 
or certified mail.
 
61
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
10.5 Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that 
the other Party would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the 
provisions of this Agreement are not performed in all material respects or 
otherwise are breached. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, each of the Parties agrees that the other Party shalt be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the provisions of 
this Agreement, and/or to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms 
and provisions hereof, in any action instituted in any court or tribunal 
having jurisdiction over the Parties and the matter, without posting any 
bond or other security, and that such injunctive relief shall be in 
addition to any other remedies to which such Party may be entitled, at law 
or in equity. Any such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined 
in any court sitting in Singapore or other court of competent jurisdiction 
in the Territory, and the Parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such action or proceeding and 
irrevocably waive any defense of any inconvenient forum or alternative 
forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding, including any 
decision by such court regarding the substantive issues involved in the 
underlying dispute.

10.6 Further Assurances. Each of the Parties shall take such further 
actions as shall be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate the 
respective rights and obligations hereunder.

10.7 Applicable Law, Venue and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York. The United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply 
in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of
 
62
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
or relating to this Agreement. Except as provide in Section 10.5, with 
regard to actions of specific performance, all disputes which arise in 
connection with this Agreement and its interpretation shall be settled in 
amicable way between the Parties. If the dispute cannot be settled in an 
amicable manner, it will be settled by arbitration to be held in Republic 
of Singapore in conformity with commercial arbitration rules of the 
International Chamber of Commerce. The award rendered by arbitration shall 
be final and binding upon the Parties hereto.

10.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules 
hereto, contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter. All express or implied agreements and understandings, 
either oral or written, heretofore made, including any offering letters, 
letters of intent, or term sheets, are expressly superseded by this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended, or any term hereof modified, only 
by a written instrument duly executed by all Parties hereto.

10.9 Independent Contractors. It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall 
be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties 
shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither Party 
shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or 
commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on 
the other Party, without the prior consent of such other Party.

10.10 Waiver. The waiver by a Party hereto of any right hereunder or the 
failure to perform or of a breach by another Party shall not be deemed a 
waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by 
said other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise.
 
63
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
10.11 Headings; References. The captions to the several Articles and 
Sections hereof are not a part of the Agreement, but are merely guides or 
labels to assist in locating and reading the several Articles and Sections 
hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Exhibit, Schedule or 
Section shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be to an Article, 
Exhibit, Schedule or Section of this Agreement. The words including, 
includes and such as are used in their non-limiting sense and have the 
same meaning as including without limitation and including but not 
limited to. Hereunder and hereto means under or pursuant to any 
provision of this Agreement.

10.12 Interpretation. Both Parties have had the opportunity to have this 
Agreement reviewed by an attorney; therefore, neither this Agreement nor 
any provision hereof shall be construed against the drafter of this 
Agreement.

10.13 Counterparts. The Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to the 
Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format 
(pdf) or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original 
graphic and pictorial appearance of the Agreement shall have the same 
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original 
signature.

10.14 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as specifically set forth 
herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit 
of or enforceable by any Third Party, including any creditor of either 
Party hereto. No such Third Party shall obtain any right under any 
provision of this Agreement or shall by reasons of any such provision make 
any claim in respect of any debt, liability or obligation (or otherwise) 
against either Party hereto.
 
64
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first set forth above.
 
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Allen Barnett
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
HANMI PHARMACEUTICAL LTD.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Gwan-Sun Lee
Title: 	  	President and CEO
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.1 	  	DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND
SCHEDULE 1.2 	  	KINEX INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
SCHEDULE 1.3 	  	FORM SUMMARY REPORT
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.1

DIAGRAM OF COMPOUND

***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.2

KINEX INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Appendix B

Kinex Pharmaceuticals, LLC

Select KX01 (KX2-391) Patents Jan. 13, 2011

***
 
Country
  	
Serial No.
  	
Publication /
Patent No.
  	
Issue Date
  	
Expiration
Date
  	
Coverage
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	*** 	  	***
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION COPY
 
SCHEDULE 1.3

FORM SUMMARY REPORT
 
*** = 	Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for 
confidential treatment. An unredacted version of this exhibit has been 
filed separately with the Commission.