 EX-10.1 2 d339973dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED BUY-IN LICENSE AGREEMENT

between

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

and

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Europe) Sarl

and

Incyte Corporation (as guarantor)
 

 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTION VERSION

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 ARTICLE 1  DEFINITIONS
   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE 2  GRANT OF LICENSES
   	  	18 	  
 ARTICLE 3  RESERVED TERRITORIES AND NON-COMPETITION
   	  	19 	  
 ARTICLE 4  DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION COMMITTEES
   	  	23 	  
 ARTICLE 5  DEVELOPMENT
   	  	25 	  
 ARTICLE 6 - EXCHANGE OF OTHER KNOW-HOW
   	  	31 	  
 ARTICLE 7  PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT
   	  	32 	  
 ARTICLE 8  REGULATORY MATTERS
   	  	33 	  
 ARTICLE 9  PHARMACOVIGILANCE
   	  	35 	  
 ARTICLE 10  SUPPLY, FORECASTS AND ORDERING
   	  	37 	  
 ARTICLE 11  SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY
   	  	39 	  
 ARTICLE 12  MANUFACTURING OF THE PRODUCT
   	  	42 	  
 ARTICLE 13  QUALITY ASSURANCE
   	  	43 	  
 ARTICLE 14 - RECALLS AND PRODUCT WITHDRAWAL
   	  	44 	  
 ARTICLE 15  COMMERCIALIZATION OF THE PRODUCT
   	  	45 	  
 ARTICLE 16  BUY-BACK OPTION
   	  	47 	  
 ARTICLE 17  MEDICAL AFFAIRS ACTIVITIES
   	  	48 	  
 ARTICLE 18  TRADEMARKS
   	  	49 	  
 ARTICLE 19  CONSIDERATION AND PAYMENTS
   	  	51 	  
 ARTICLE 20  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
   	  	56 	  
 ARTICLE 21  COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; DATA PRIVACY; ANTI-BRIBERY AND
 ANTI-CORRUPTION
   	  	59 	  
 ARTICLE 22  INDEMNIFICATION, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INSURANCE
   	  	60 	  
 ARTICLE 23  THE PATENTS
   	  	64 	  
 ARTICLE 24  CONFIDENTIALITY
   	  	69 	  
 ARTICLE 25  TERM
   	  	71 	  
 ARTICLE 26  TERMINATION
   	  	71 	  
 ARTICLE 27  FORCE MAJEURE
   	  	74 	  
 ARTICLE 28  LAW TO GOVERN
   	  	74 	  
 ARTICLE 29  DISPUTE RESOLUTION
   	  	75 	  
 ARTICLE 30  MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	75 	  
 
 APPENDICES
 APPENDIX 1.18  ARIAD US TRADEMARKS
 APPENDIX 1.21  BCR-ABL INHIBITOR COMPOUND ASSAY
 APPENDIX 1.35  COMMERCIALIZATION PLAN
 APPENDIX 1.40  PONATINIB STRUCTURE
 APPENDIX 1.62  DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS
 APPENDIX 1.128  PATENTS
 APPENDIX 1.134  PRIMARY EFFICACY ENDPOINT
 APPENDIX 1.138  PROPOSED STUDIES
 APPENDIX 1.161  SUPERIORITY
 APPENDIX 1.167  TERRITORY
 APPENDIX 1.175  TRANSITION BACK ARRANGEMENTS
 APPENDIX 17.3  ISTs
 APPENDIX 19.8.2  OFFSET
 APPENDIX 20 - DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES
 APPENDIX 20.1.17  POST-MARKETING REQUIREMENTS
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED BUY-IN LICENSE AGREEMENT (Agreement) dated as 
of June 1, 2016 (the Effective Date), between ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, 
Inc., (ARIAD US), a Delaware corporation and ARIAD Pharmaceuticals 
(Europe) Sarl, (ARIAD SWISSCO), a Swiss limited liability company 
registered in Lausanne (together, the Parties and, individually, each a 
Party) and Incyte Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Incyte Corporation
) solely in its capacity as guarantor under Section 30.19. This Agreement 
only comes into effect on the Effective Date (as defined below) and shall 
be of no force or effect if there is no Closing (as defined below).


RECITALS
 
a. 	The Parties are engaged in the business of discovering, developing, 
manufacturing and selling the Product (as defined below);
 
b. 	The Parties entered into a Buy-In License Agreement on August 7, 2012 
(Buy-In License Agreement), whereby ARIAD US granted to ARIAD SWISSCO a 
perpetual and exclusive license to the Ponatinib Intangibles (as therein 
defined) for the purposes of development and commercialization of the 
Product in certain territories. The Parties also entered into a Development 
Cost Sharing Agreement on August 7, 2012 (the CSA Agreement) pursuant to 
which they agreed to share the costs and risks of further developing the 
Product.
 
c. 	ARIAD SWISSCO is an Affiliate of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Luxembourg) 
S.a.r.l. (ARIAD LUXCO), a Luxembourg limited liability company registered 
in Luxembourg. Pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (Share Purchase 
Agreement) entered into on May 9, 2016 among ARIAD Pharmaceuticals 
(Cayman) L.P., a Cayman Limited Partnership, ARIAD US (with respect to 
selected provisions only), Incyte Europe S.a.r.l, an entity formed under 
the laws of Switzerland (Incyte Europe) and Incyte Corporation (with 
respect to selected provisions only), Incyte Europe will acquire the entire 
issued share capital in ARIAD LUXCO and, in connection therewith, the 
parties thereto agreed that the Buy-in License Agreement would be amended 
and restated on the terms of this Amended and Restated Buy-In License 
Agreement. The CSA Agreement will terminate effective on the Effective Date 
and the costs of development will now be on the terms set out in this 
Agreement.
 
d. 	The Parties entered into a Loan Agreement on August 7, 2012 (the Loan 
Agreement) pursuant to which ARIAD US loaned the monies to ARIAD SWISSCO 
to enable it to pay the consideration under the Buy-In License Agreement. 
In consideration of ARIAD SWISSCO entering into this Agreement, ARIAD US 
has hereby agreed to reduce all of the amount outstanding under the Loan 
Agreement and, effective as of the Effective Date, the loan is no longer 
outstanding.
 
e. 	ARIAD SWISSCO wishes to continue to purchase the Product from ARIAD US 
for the Territory, as further set forth herein.
 
f. 	The Parties agree that this preamble constitutes an integral part of 
this Agreement and that all capitalized terms used in this preamble shall 
have the respective meanings given above or in ARTICLE 1 or elsewhere in 
this Agreement.
 
1
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and the mutual 
promises set forth below, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1  DEFINITIONS

Capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings specified 
below or elsewhere herein.
 
1.1 	Acquired Party has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.2.
 
1.2 	Acquiring Party has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.2.
 
1.3 	Adverse Ruling has the meaning set forth in Section 26.1.
 
1.4 	Affiliate means any corporation or business entity that, whether now 
or in the future, controls, is controlled by or is under common control 
with a Party. For the purposes of this definition, the terms controls, 
controlled by and under common control with as used with respect to any 
Party, means (i) to possess (directly or indirectly) the power to direct 
the management or affairs of a corporation or other business entity, 
whether through ownership of voting securities or other equity rights or by 
contract relating to voting rights or corporate governance or otherwise, or 
(ii) to own, directly or indirectly, more than [***] of the outstanding 
voting securities or other ownership interest of such corporation or other 
business entity. For purposes of this Agreement, as of the Effective Date, 
ARIAD SWISSCO and ARIAD US are no longer Affiliates of one another.
 
1.5 	Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
1.6 	Alliance Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.
 
1.7 	Ancillary Research means research other than Basic Research, in the 
case of ARIAD SWISSCO conducted under the licenses granted to ARIAD SWISSCO 
pursuant to this Agreement and in the case of ARIAD US, comparable research 
conducted by ARIAD US, other than in connection with a clinical trial under 
this Agreement.
 
1.8 	Anti-Corruption Laws means all Applicable Laws for the prevention of 
fraud, kickbacks, bribery, corruption, racketeering, money laundering or 
terrorism, including the FCPA, each, as amended from time to time.
 
1.9 	API means the Compound in the active pharmaceutical ingredient form 
set forth in the Specifications.
 
1.10 	Applicable Laws means the applicable provisions of any and all 
national, regional, state and local laws, treaties, statutes, rules, 
regulations, administrative codes, and ordinances, and any and all 
directives, and orders or administrative decisions of any governmental 
agency or authority (including Regulatory Authorities) having jurisdiction 
over or related to the subject matter in question, including Regulatory 
Requirements, Regulatory Laws, Export Control Laws, and the FCPA and other 
Anti-Corruption Laws, which are applicable to the subject matter of this 
Agreement.
 
2
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.11 	ARIAD LUXCO has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
1.12 	ARIAD SWISSCO has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
1.13 	ARIAD SWISSCO Improvements means Know-how (for purposes of this 
definition Know-how shall be the Know-how definition without clause (b) 
thereof and references to ARIAD US therein shall be references to ARIAD 
SWISSCO) and any associated Intellectual Property Rights arising after the 
Effective Date and resulting from Development or Manufacturing activity 
conducted by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates or Subcontractors but excluding 
Development Data.
 
1.14 	ARIAD SWISSCO Trademarks means any word, name, symbol, color, 
designation or device or any combination thereof that functions as a source 
identifier, including any trademark, trade dress, brand mark, service mark, 
trade name, brand name, logo, business symbol or domain names, whether or 
not registered, to be used by ARIAD SWISSCO or its Affiliates or its or 
their respective Sublicensees (as an alternative to the ARIAD US Trademark) 
and any registrations thereof or any pending applications relating thereto 
(excluding, in any event, any trademarks, service marks, names or logos 
that include any corporate name or logo of the Parties or their 
Affiliates). The ARIAD SWISSCO Trademarks exclude the ARIAD US Trademarks.
 
1.15 	ARIAD US has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
1.16 	ARIAD US Improvements means (i) Know How and any associated 
Intellectual Property Rights arising after the Effective Date and resulting 
from Development or Manufacturing activity conducted by ARIAD US, its 
Affiliates or Subcontractors, but excluding Development Data ; and (ii) 
Know How and any associated Intellectual Property Rights arising after the 
Effective Date and resulting from the conduct of Basic Research by ARIAD 
US, its Affiliates or Subcontractors; and (iii) any new technologies 
Controlled by ARIAD US or its Affiliates and used by them in relation to 
Product during the Term.
 
1.17 	ARIAD US Successor has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1.
 
1.18 	ARIAD US Trademarks means any word, name, symbol, color, 
designation or device or any combination thereof that functions as a source 
identifier, including any trademark, trade dress, brand mark, service mark, 
trade name, brand name, logo, business symbol or domain names, whether or 
not registered, for the Product in the Territory used by ARIAD US for the 
Product in USA including (a) the trademarks applications and registrations 
set forth in Appendix 1.18 and (b) all registered and unregistered rights 
in such trademarks set forth in Appendix 1.18, including all current and 
future registrations and applications for registration of the same in the 
Territory and all renewals and extensions thereto, in each case that are 
Controlled by ARIAD US or its Affiliates.
 
1.19 	Basic Research means research on the Compounds [***], [***], [***] 
and all other research the objective of which is a product [***] from the 
Product.
 
3
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.20 	BCR-ABL means the chromosomal translocation designated as 
t(9;22)(q34;q11) in the International System for Human Cytogenetic 
Nomenclature (or a mutated or modified form thereof).
 
1.21 	BCR-ABL Inhibitor Compound means any compound that inhibits 
BCR-ABL with an [***] (measured as average [***] at an ATP concentration 
equal to the Km for [***] in an enzyme assay when assayed [***] using the 
assay method set forth in Appendix 1.21.
 
1.22 	Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 26.1.
 
1.23 	Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any 
public holiday in the United States or Switzerland or any other day on 
which banks are required or authorized by Applicable Law to be closed in 
the United States or Switzerland.
 
1.24 	Business Entity means any corporation, general or limited 
partnership, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization, limited 
liability entity or other entity.
 
1.25 	Buy-Back Option has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1.
 
1.26 	Buy-In License Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
1.27 	CDA means the Confidential Disclosure Agreement by and between 
ARIAD US and Incyte Corporation dated January 19, 2016.
 
1.28 	cGMP means all Applicable Laws, guidance, directives, standards, 
practices and procedures relating to the Manufacture of Compound or 
Product, including (i) the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations and FDAs 
guidance documents, and all successor applicable regulations and guidance 
documents thereto, (ii) the EUDRALEX Vol. 4 Medicinals for Human and 
Veterinary Use: Good Manufacturing Practice, in particular Part II Basic 
Requirements for Active Substances used as Starting Materials (03 October 
2005), and applicable Annexes to Vol.4, and (iii) the ICH (International 
Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for the Registration 
of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use) guidelines, including without limitation, 
ICH Q7A ICH Good Manufacturing Practice Guide for Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients.
 
1.29 	
Change of Control means in respect of a Party the occurrence after the 
Effective Date of any of the following: (i) the sale, conveyance or 
disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or 
substantially all of the assets of such Party to a Third Party that is not 
an Affiliate of such Party prior to such transaction or the first of such 
related transactions; (ii) the consolidation, merger or other business 
combination of ARIAD US with or into any other Business Entity, immediately 
following which the then-current stockholders of the Party, as such, fail 
to own in the aggregate at least Majority Voting Power of the surviving 
Party in such consolidation, merger or business combination or of its 
ultimate publicly-traded parent Business Entity; or (iii) a transaction or 
series of transactions in which any Person or group (as such term is used 
in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) acquires Majority Voting 
Power of such Party (other than (a) a reincorporation or similar corporate 
transaction in which each of such Partys stockholders owns, immediately 
thereafter, interests in
 
4
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 the new parent company in substantially the same percentage as such 
stockholder owned in such Party immediately prior to such transaction, or 
(b) in connection with a transaction described in (ii), which shall be 
governed by such (ii)), For the Purposes of this definition Majority 
Voting Power means a majority of the ordinary voting power in the election 
of directors or a majority of all the outstanding voting securities of the 
resulting Business Entity or of the Party, respectively.
 
1.30 	Claim Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 22.3.1.
 
1.31 	Closing has the meaning set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement.
 
1.32 	CML means chronic myeloid leukemia.
 
1.33 	Combination Product means a Product that is comprised of or 
contains Compound as an active ingredient together with one (1) or more 
other active ingredients and is sold either as a fixed dose or as separate 
doses in one (1) product.
 
1.34 	Commercialize means all activities directed to importing (into, or 
within, the Territory), exporting (to or within the Territory), storing, 
marketing, promoting, selling, offering for sale and distributing the 
Product in the Territory. Commercializes, Commercialized, 
Commercialization and other forms of the word Commercialize shall have 
the correlative meaning. For clarity, Commercialize excludes Manufacture.
 
1.35 	Commercialization Plan means (i) a [***] plan prepared by ARIAD 
SWISSCO for the Product in the Field in the Territory setting out the 
Commercialization [***],[***] and activities, in each case for the 
following calendar year; and (ii) a [***] plan prepared by ARIAD US for the 
Product in the Field in the Reserved Territory setting out the 
Commercialization [***],[***] and activities, in each case for the 
following calendar year. The Commercialization Plan for 2016 is attached at 
Appendix 1.35, it being understood that the contents of future 
Commercialization Plans shall be in accordance with this Section 1.35 
without regard to Appendix 1.35.
 
1.36 	Commercially Reasonable Efforts means, in respect of ARIAD SWISSCO, 
efforts and resources [***] and in respect of ARIAD US, efforts and 
resources [***], in each case, to [***] and [***] a [***] by such party or 
to which it [***], which [***] is at a [***] or [***] and is of [***] to 
the [***] taking into account the [***] and [***] and other relevant 
factors.
 
1.37 	Competitive Product means any pharmaceutical product (other than a 
Product, but including a generic version of the Product) that is a [***] 
other than an Excluded Compound.
 
1.38 	Compliance Event has the meaning set forth in Section 21.5.
 
1.39 	Composition Patent means any Patent Controlled by ARIAD US or its 
Affiliates in the Territory that contains a Valid Claim that covers the 
Product and/or Compound.
 
1.40 	
Compound means the active pharmaceutical ingredient known as ponatinib 
having the structure set forth on Appendix 1.40, and any metabolite, salt, 
ester, hydrate, solvate, isomer, enantiomer, free acid form, free base 
form, crystalline form, co-crystalline
 
5
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 form, amorphous form, pro-drug (including ester pro-drug) form, 
racemate, polymorph, chelate, stereoisomer, tautomer, or optically active 
form of any of the foregoing, including crystalline ponatinib 
monohydrochloride.
 
1.41 	Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 24.1.
 
1.42 	Control (including any variations such as Controlled and 
Controlling) means, with respect to any item of Know-how, Regulatory 
Documentation, material, Patent, or other Intellectual Property Right, the 
possession of the right, whether directly or indirectly, and whether by 
ownership, license or otherwise (other than by operation of the license 
granted under this Agreement), to grant a license, sublicense or other 
right (including the right to reference Regulatory Documentation) to or 
under such Know-how, Regulatory Documentation, material, Patent, or other 
Intellectual Property Right as provided for herein without violating the 
terms of any then-existing agreement with any Third Party; provided, that 
Intellectual Property Rights of an acquirer of a Party or its Affiliates in 
existence prior to the acquisition date, or developed after the acquisition 
date solely by such acquirer without use of or reference to such Partys 
preexisting Know-how, Regulatory Documentation, material, Patent, or other 
Intellectual Property Right and without contribution from employees of a 
Party or its Affiliates other than the acquirer, shall not be deemed to be 
Controlled by such Party or Affiliate.
 
1.43 	Cost of Manufacture means in relation to any aspect of the 
Manufacture either (i) Direct Cost and Indirect Cost where the Party is 
undertaking the manufacture; or (ii) Third Party Manufacturing Costs where 
a Party has appointed a contract manufacturing organization or toll 
manufacturer.
 
1.44 	CRO means a contract research organization to which certain 
Development services are contracted.
 
1.45 	CSA Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
1.46 	CSR means a written clinical study report containing the results of 
an Ongoing Study or other clinical study, as applicable.
 
1.47 	CSR Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.1.
 
1.48 	Current Manufacturing Process has the meaning set forth in Section 
6.2.
 
1.49 	Customer means any entity or person that is authorized to purchase 
and dispense or sell the Product in the Territory under Applicable Law.
 
1.50 	Data Protection Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 21.4.
 
1.51 	Default Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 26.1.
 
1.52 	Defending Party has the meaning set forth in Section 23.5.1.
 
1.53 	Delivery has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.3.
 
6
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.54 	Delivery Documents means those documents specified and listed as 
such in the Interim Quality Agreement
 
1.55 	Development and Develop means the conduct of Pre-clinical 
Research, test method development and stability testing, process 
development, manufacturing scale-up, qualification and validation, quality 
assurance/quality control, any clinical studies carried out in relation to 
the Product leading to a Marketing Authorization or an extension of such 
Marketing Authorization, including Manufacturing in support thereof, 
statistical analysis and report writing, the preparation and submission of 
Registrations, regulatory affairs with respect to the foregoing and all 
other activities necessary or reasonably useful or otherwise requested or 
required by a Regulatory Authority as a condition to or in support of 
obtaining or maintaining a Registration. For clarity, Development does not 
include Basic Research.
 
1.56 	Development Costs means the costs and expenses associated with 
Development activities and shall include, unless stated otherwise, [***], 
[***] and [***].
 
1.57 	Development Data means data resulting from Development activity 
being Pre-clinical Research or clinical studies.
 
1.58 	Development Register has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.
 
1.59 	Development Territory means the Reserved Territory less [***].
 
1.60 	Developing Party means the Party conducting or proposing to conduct 
the applicable clinical study itself or through its Affiliates, 
Sublicensees or Third Parties.
 
1.61 	Direct Costs include direct labor costs, based on actual hours 
consumed by personnel charged at an average hourly wage rate which is 
designed to approximate actual cost for each employees position and direct 
labor fringe benefit costs, including compensation expense (other than 
direct labor costs already included), payroll taxes and benefits allocated 
based on a proportionate percentage of direct labor costs charged to 
Development or Manufacture (including Manufacturing Technology Transfer) of 
the Product (as the case may be) in comparison to all development or 
manufacturing activity undertaken during the period.
 
1.62 	Distribution Agreements means the existing Distribution Agreements 
entered into as of the Effective Date in respect of the Commercialization 
of the Product in the Territory, a list of which is set out in Appendix 
1.62 to this Agreement and any additional distribution agreements entered 
into by ARIAD SWISSCO or its Affiliates in respect of the Commercialization 
of the Product during the Term.
 
1.63 	Distribution Agreement Milestone Payments means any and all 
outstanding milestone payments [***] under Article 13.2 of the [***] 
between [***].
 
1.64 	Drug Product means Product in bulk finished (not labeled or 
packaged) form.
 
1.65 	Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
1.66 	Escalation Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6.
 
7
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.67 	Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
1.68 	Excluded Compound means a (i) [***] that is [***] or more potent on 
the enzyme for that compounds primary (biologically relevant) target 
compared to BCR-ABL where the selectivity is assessed by the relative IC50s 
in enzyme assays conducted at [***] ATP for each of the two kinases (i.e. 
BCR-ABL and the primary target kinase of interest) or (ii) a BCR-ABL 
Inhibitor Compound that is more potent with respect to a target other than 
BCR-ABL and is not being developed as an inhibitor of BCR-ABL or for an 
indication for which there is an active Development program ongoing with 
the Product or for which the Product is then being Commercialized.
 
1.69 	Export Control Laws means all applicable U.S. laws and regulations 
relating to (a) economic and trade sanctions and embargoes imposed by the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury or (b) 
the export or re-export of commodities, technologies, or services, 
including the Export Administration Act of 1979, 24 U.S.C. §§ 2401-2420, 
the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. §§ 1701-1706, 
the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, 22 C.F.R. parts 120-130, 
the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. §§ 1 et. seq., the Arms Export 
Control Act, 22 U.S.C. §§ 2778 and 2779, and the International Boycott 
Provisions of Section 999 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as 
amended) or such equivalent laws of any other country.
 
1.70 	FCPA means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 
Section 78dd-1, et. seq.) as amended.
 
1.71 	FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
 
1.72 	Field means the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of all diseases 
in humans.
 
1.73 	Final Manufacturing means all activities occurring anywhere in the 
world required to prepare the Product for commercial sale in the Territory, 
including secondary packaging and labeling with the approved packaging and 
label for the country in the Territory in which it is to be sold; stability 
or other testing; quality control; and release of the Product for sale in 
the Territory.
 
1.74 	First Commercial Sale means the first sale to a Third Party of 
Product for use or consumption by an end-user in the Field in a given 
country in the Territory after all aspects of Registration have been 
obtained in such country. A First Commercial Sale shall not include a sale 
of Product for use in clinical trials, for research or for other 
non-commercial uses, or supply of Product as part of a Named Patient 
Program or similar program.
 
1.75 	Forecast has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.
 
1.76 	Full Royalty Term means, on a country-by-country basis within the 
Territory, the period from the Effective Date expiring on the later of (i) 
the expiry date (including the expiry of any patent term extensions, 
supplementary protection certificates or pediatric extensions) of the 
Composition Patent in such country or (ii) the expiration of any regulatory 
marketing exclusivity period or other statutory designation that provides 
similar exclusivity for the Commercialization of the Product in such 
country, or (iii) seven (7) years after the date of First Commercial Sale 
in such country.
 
8
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.77 	Generic Product means in any particular country any Third Party 
product that contains Compound and either (i) for which equivalence with 
Product has been demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory 
Authority in that country or which can be substituted for Product by a 
dispenser or (ii) which is approved in reliance, in whole or in part, on 
the prior approval (or on safety or efficacy data submitted in support of 
the prior approval) of such Product as determined by the applicable 
Regulatory Authority.
 
1.78 	Global Product Positioning has the meaning set forth in Section 
15.3.
 
1.79 	Global Study(ies) means a multi-centre clinical trial carried out 
at clinical research sites located both in the Territory and in the 
Development Territory.
 
1.80 	Global Third Party License has the meaning set forth in Section 
23.6.2(a).
 
1.81 	Government Official means (a) any officer or employee of a 
government or any department, agency or instrumentality of a government; 
(b) any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of a 
government or any department, agency, or instrumentality of a government; 
(c) any officer or employee of a company or business owned or controlled by 
a government; (d) any officer or employee or person acting in an official 
capacity for or on behalf of a public international organization or any 
department, agency, or instrumentality of such public international 
organization such as the World Bank or United Nations; (e) any political 
party or official thereof; and/or (f) any candidate for political office.
 
1.82 	Healthcare Professional means any member of the medical, pharmacy 
or nursing professions or any other person who in the course of his or her 
professional activities may prescribe, administer or dispense to an 
end-user a medicinal product.
 
1.83 	IC50 means the half maximal inhibitory concentration.
 
1.84 	Incyte Corporation has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
1.85 	Incyte Europe has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
1.86 	IND means an investigational new drug application filed with, and 
accepted by, the FDA prior to beginning clinical trials in humans in the 
US, or any comparable application to and acceptance by the Regulatory 
Authority of a country or group of countries other than the US including a 
request for authorization of clinical trial to be conducted in the 
Territory made to EMA.
 
1.87 	Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 22.3.1.
 
1.88 	Indemnifying Party has the meaning set forth in Section 22.3.1.
 
1.89 	
Indirect Costs include (i) within Development or Manufacture or 
Manufacturing Technology Transfer (as the case may be), facility and 
occupancy costs for
 
9
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 development personnel, such cost to be allocated pro-rata to the 
percent occupancy represented by development personnel on the overall 
facility and (ii) the cost of allocable overhead, being an amount added to 
an item of cost to reflect central or other overhead costs incurred by a 
Party being such costs normally allocated by such Party to its departments 
or project groups based on space occupied or headcount or other activity 
based method, consistently applied in accordance with US GAAP.
 
1.90 	Industry Guidelines means voluntary industry codes or guidelines to 
which a Party has publically stated it adheres as of the Effective Date, or 
subsequently during the Term (as such codes or guidelines are revised from 
time to time by their promulgating organization).
 
1.91 	Inferiority means the circumstance in relation to the results of 
the [***] where [***] has been demonstrated to be [***] to either ponatinib 
dosing arm of the study (according to the [***]).
 
1.92 	Intellectual Property Rights means all rights in, to and under 
patents, trademarks, copyrights, databases, data, domain names, inventions, 
trade secrets and confidential information, and all other intellectual or 
industrial property and other analogous proprietary rights throughout the 
world.
 
1.93 	Interim Quality Agreement has the meaning set out in Section 13.1.
 
1.94 	IST means an investigator sponsored clinical trial.
 
1.95 	JCC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.
 
1.96 	JSC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.
 
1.97 	Know-how means all information regarding the Compound or Product, 
including documentation, processes, data and other information, and further 
including (a) all information on file with any competent Regulatory 
Authority in support of a Marketing Authorization; and (b) ARIAD US 
Improvements, which information and ARIAD US Improvements are Controlled by 
ARIAD US or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during 
the Term. Know-how includes all unpatented Intellectual Property Rights 
licensed to ARIAD US pursuant to a Global Third Party License.
 
1.98 	Knowledge shall mean, with respect to a fact or matter, that the 
applicable Partys [***] employee directly responsible for such fact or 
matter is [***] of such fact or matter [***] with respect to such fact or 
matter of the persons directly reporting to him or her. Known has a 
correlative meaning.
 
1.99 	Labeled Bottles means Drug Product in labeled bottle form as set 
forth in the Specifications.
 
1.100 	Label Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.1.
 
1.101 	
Latent Defect means a Non-Conformance that is not discoverable or 
actually discovered upon reasonable visual inspection performed pursuant to 
Section 11.2.1, but that is discovered at a later time (e.g., a failure to 
comply with the shelf-life set
 
10
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 forth in the Specification that is identified as a result of long-term 
stability studies conducted by ARIAD US or its Affiliates or a Third Party 
authorized by ARIAD US or its Affiliates).
 
1.102 	Liability means any liability or obligation, whether known or 
unknown, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, liquidated or 
unliquidated, due or to become due.
 
1.103 	Loan Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.
 
1.104 	Local Currencies means the currency used in each of the respective 
countries in the Territory.
 
1.105 	Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 22.1.
 
1.106 	MAH means the Marketing Authorization holder for the Product in 
each country in the Territory.
 
1.107 	Manufacture means, as applicable, Final Manufacturing and the 
manufacturing of the Product up to and including Drug Product in Unlabeled 
Bottles or blister packages, and all activities related to such 
manufacturing of Product, or any ingredient thereof, either directly or 
through a contract manufacturer, including in-process and semi-finished 
Product testing, ongoing stability tests and regulatory activities related 
to any of the foregoing. Manufactured or Manufacturing and other forms 
of the word Manufacture shall have correlative meaning.
 
1.108 	Manufacturing Process has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3.
 
1.109 	Manufacturing Technology Transfer has the meaning set forth in 
Section 6.2.
 
1.110 	Marketing Authorization means a marketing authorization for the 
Product granted by the European Medicines Agency or by any other Regulatory 
Authority.
 
1.111 	Named Patient Program means a compassionate use, named patient 
use, or similar program for the supply of the Product in the Field in the 
Territory prior to obtainment of Registrations, to the extent permitted by 
and in accordance with Applicable Laws.
 
1.112 	Net Sales means, with respect to a Product, the gross amount 
invoiced by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees for such 
Product in the Field in the Territory to [***] (such [***], including, for 
the purposes of this definition, the [***] under (x) the [***] existing as 
of the Effective Date and (y) any [***] entered into after the Effective 
Date where [***] is [***] of such Product to [***], in each case of (x) or 
(y) which [***], for the purposes of this definition only, Sublicensees), 
less the following deductions relating to sales of the Product:
 
  	(a) 	trade, quantity, promotional and/or other customary discounts 
actually allowed and taken directly with respect to such sales;
 
  	(b) 	[***] (including [***] and similar types of [***]);
 
11
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	[***] or other [***] and paid with respect to the [***] or [***] of 
such Product (excluding [***] or [***] based on [***]);
 
  	(d) 	the amount of [***] and amounts [***] or [***] by reason of [***];
 
  	(e) 	charges for [***] and [***] directly related to the [***] of [***] 
to [***], to the extent not already deducted or excluded from the gross 
amount invoiced; and
 
  	(f) 	[***] payable to any [***] including any [***] to such [***];
 
  	(g) 	any other similar and customary deductions that are consistent with 
US GAAP (not including bad debt).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no [***], or any similar amount, however 
designated, that is given or associated with the purchase by the [***] of 
any product or service in addition to the Products shall be [***] allocated 
to the Product.

Such amounts invoiced and such deductions shall be determined from the 
books and records of ARIAD SWISSCO and its Sublicensees maintained in 
accordance with US GAAP, consistently applied throughout such partys 
organization.

In the case of any sale of such Product for consideration other than (or in 
addition to) cash, such as barter or countertrade, Net Sales shall be 
calculated on the [***] of the [***] received.

In the case of a sale under a [***] entered into after the Effective Date 
by [***] to a [***] that is a [***] for purposes of this definition of Net 
Sales, Net Sales will be based on the [***] of Product; provided, however, 
that if the royalty payable based on such [***] to ARIAD US is less than 
[***] of the royalty that would be applicable under this Agreement if the 
Net Sales had been by [***] or [***], then any other consideration received 
by [***] or [***] under such [***], such as upfront or milestone payments 
(and not legitimate compensation for other services or products) will be 
included in Net Sales on an equitable pro-rata basis.

If such Product is sold to any [***] together with other products or 
services, the price of such Product, solely for purposes of the calculation 
of Net Sales, shall be deemed to be no less than the price at which such 
Product would be sold in a similar transaction to a Third Party not also 
purchasing other products or services.

The Net Sales of any Combination Product:

(x) for which the [***] and other [***] of such Combination Product are 
sold separately by ARIAD SWISSCO, or any of its Affiliates or their 
Sublicensees, or the relevant Third Party, in such country, then Net Sales 
for such Combination Product in such country shall be calculated by 
multiplying [***] of such Combination Product in such country by the 
fraction A/(A+B), where A is [***];

(y) for which the other [***] in the Combination Product is/are not sold 
separately by ARIAD SWISSCO or any of its Affiliates or their Sublicensees 
or the relevant Third Party, in such country, then Net Sales for such 
Combination Product in such country shall be calculated by multiplying 
[***] of such Combination Product in such country by the fraction A/D, 
where A is the [***] of either the [***] containing the [***], and D is the 
[***]; and
 
12
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(z) for which neither clause (x) nor clause (y) above is applicable, the 
Parties shall determine Net Sales for such Combination Product in such 
country by [***] based on the [***] and the [***] in the Combination 
Product.
 
1.113 	New Indication means any indication in the Field, being any 
disease, condition or syndrome other than CML or Philadelphia chromosome 
positive ALL. For clarity, new lines of therapy within an already approved 
indication or for another subset of patients within an already approved 
indication (e.g., pediatric Ph+ ALL) would not qualify as a New Indication.
 
1.114 	Non-Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 26.1.
 
1.115 	Non-Conformance means a failure of the Product supplied hereunder 
to comply with any of the Product warranties set forth in Section 20.1.5. 
For clarity, a Latent Defect is an instance of Non-Conformance. The 
adjective Non-Conforming shall have the correlative meaning. 
Non-Conformance does not include damage caused to Products caused by 
actions of or on behalf of ARIAD SWISSCO following Delivery by ARIAD US to 
ARIAD SWISSCO, including Manufacture, where applicable.
 
1.116 	Non-Developing Party means the Party that is not the Developing 
Party.
 
1.117 	Non-Inferiority means the circumstance in relation to the results 
of the [***] where neither [***] nor [***] has been demonstrated.
 
1.118 	Notified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 21.5.
 
1.119 	Notifying Party has the meaning set forth in Section 21.5.
 
1.120 	Objection Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2.2.
 
1.121 	OMNI Study means the postmarketing observational study to evaluate 
the incidence and risk factors for vascular occlusive events associated 
with Iclusig®
 
1.122 	Ongoing Studies means the OPTIC Clinical Trial, OPTIC-2L Clinical 
Trial and OMNI Study each of which were started prior to the Effective Date 
and are scheduled to be completed after the Effective Date.
 
1.123 	Ongoing Studies Budget has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.1
 
1.124 	OPTIC Clinical Trial means the Phase 2 dose-ranging OPTIC 
(Optimizing Ponatinib Treatment in CML) trial being conducted by ARIAD US 
in respect of the Product as at the Effective Date.
 
1.125 	OPTIC 2L Clinical Trial means the randomized Phase 3 OPTIC 2L 
(Optimizing Ponatinib Treatment in CML, Second Line) trial versus nilotinib 
being conducted by ARIAD US in respect of the Product as at the Effective 
Date.
 
1.126 	Party has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.
 
13
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.127 	Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 19.7.
 
1.128 	Patents means (a) all patents and patent applications that are 
Controlled by ARIAD US or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date and at 
any time during the Term that are necessary or useful (or, with respect to 
patent applications, would be necessary or useful if such patent 
applications were to issue as patents), a list of which as at the Effective 
Date is included in Appendix 1.128 hereto, or are licensed to ARIAD US 
pursuant to a Global Third Party License; (b) all patents issuing from the 
applications in subsection (a); (c) any additions, divisions, 
continuations, continuations-in-part, counterparts, amendments, 
amalgamations, reissues and re-examinations of such applications or 
patents; (d) any confirmation, importation and registration patents 
thereof; and (e) any extensions and renewals of all such patents and patent 
applications in whatever legal form and by whatever legal title they are 
granted.
 
1.129 	PDL Agreements mean the (i) Revenue Interest Assignment Agreement 
between ARIAD US and PDL BioPharma, Inc., dated July 28, 2015, and (ii) the 
Security Agreement among ARIAD US, ARIAD Pharma Ltd. and PDL BioPharma, 
Inc., dated July 28, 2015, in each case as amended in connection with this 
Agreement.
 
1.130 	Pharmacovigilance Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 
9.4.
 
1.131 	Pre-clinical Research means (i) research preparatory to the filing 
of an IND to conduct clinical studies including studies on the 
toxicological, pharmacological, metabolic or clinical aspects of the 
Product and testing in-vivo in animal models in relation to a New 
Indication, a line extension of an existing approved indication, or a 
Global Study or a Territory-specific study; and (ii) research conducted in 
relation to a clinical study under this Agreement. Pre-clinical Research 
excludes Basic Research.
 
1.132 	Presentation means each stock-keeping unit of Product 
differentiated by dosage strength, bottle count, packaging presentation, 
and/or country-specific labeling for the Product for which Marketing 
Authorization has been received in a country in the Territory (e.g., a 60 
count bottle of 15mg tablets labeled for a specific country in the 
Territory).
 
1.133 	Pricing and Reimbursement Approval means any official, final, 
binding and non-appealable determination of the reimbursable price of the 
Product in accordance with Applicable Laws and approval by relevant 
Regulatory Authorities pertaining to the reimbursement of the Product, as 
applicable in each country in the Territory in which a Regulatory Authority 
approves or determines the price and/or reimbursement of pharmaceutical 
products.
 
1.134 	Primary Efficacy Endpoint has the meaning set forth on Appendix 
1.134.
 
1.135 	Proceeding means any (i) Third Party private action, claim or 
lawsuit (including in arbitration) or (ii) governmental, judicial, 
administrative or adversarial proceeding, hearing, probe or inquiry brought 
by any Third Party public entity, including whistleblower complaints. 
Proceedings shall not include any action, claim or lawsuit brought by one 
Party or its Affiliates against the other Party or its Affiliates.
 
14
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.136 	Product means any pharmaceutical product containing Compound as an 
active chemical entity in any and all forms, presentations, and dosages
 
1.137 	Product Withdrawal means removal of Product from the market in any 
country on grounds of public health or safety resulting in discontinuation 
of all or substantially all distribution of Product in such country. 
Product Withdrawal does not include a Recall.
 
1.138 	Proposed Studies means the list of clinical studies proposed to be 
undertaken by ARIAD US in the Territory and the Reserved Territory, the 
name, protocol synopses for which are as set forth in Appendix 1.138.
 
1.139 	Protected Personal Information has the meaning set forth in 
Section 21.4.
 
1.140 	Quality Agreement has the meaning set out in Section 13.1.
 
1.141 	Raw Materials means any raw materials, components, or other 
ingredients required for the Manufacture of the Drug Product.
 
1.142 	Recall means a recall or retrieval of Product on grounds of 
Non-Conformance, public health or safety which is limited as to lot(s) or 
batch(es) of Product.
 
1.143 	Reduced Royalty Term has the meaning set forth in Section 19.2.2.
 
1.144 	Registrations means (a) Marketing Authorizations, (b) Pricing and 
Reimbursement Approval, (c) receipt of any license required to import or 
export Product(s), and (d) any other official license or approval which is 
legally required to (i) Develop or Manufacture Compound or Product anywhere 
in the world for purposes of Commercialization in the Field in the 
Territory or (ii) Commercialize Product in the Field in the Territory 
(e.g., wholesale licenses).
 
1.145 	Regulatory Authority means the European Medicines Agency, FDA or 
any other government agency that is a competent authority for the issuance 
of any of the Registrations, or any part of them, throughout the Term.
 
1.146 	Regulatory Documentation means all letters, correspondence, 
applications and other documents and information submitted to Regulatory 
Authorities or received from Regulatory Authorities in writing, including 
in electronic format, as well as any supporting documentation.
 
1.147 	Regulatory Laws means all laws, and all orders, determinations, 
regulations, licenses and directions made or issued under such laws, in 
respect of the Registrations, Manufacturing and Commercialization of the 
Product.
 
1.148 	Regulatory Requirements means all licenses, registrations, 
mandatory standards, conditions, manufacturing principles, directions, 
orders and determinations in force from time to time set out in the 
Regulatory Laws and all other Applicable Laws that apply to the manufacture 
(including Manufacture), supply, packaging, labeling and/or 
Commercialization of medicinal products.
 
1.149 	Reserved Territory shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
3.1.
 
15
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.150 	Royalty Term means, with respect to a country in the Territory, 
the Full Royalty Term and the Reduced Royalty Term, collectively.
 
1.151 	Safety Improvement means the circumstance in relation to the 
results of the [***] where (i) [***]; but (ii) there is at least a [***] 
reduction in the [***] in either ponatinib arm of the study compared to the 
rate set forth in [***] for the Product as of the Effective Date (ie 
[***]).
 
1.152 	Safety Information has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5.
 
1.153 	SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
successor agency.
 
1.154 	Second Line CML means the treatment of second line CML 
(post-imatinib) based on demonstration of the Products [***] in the 
ongoing OPTIC 2L Clinical Trial or any other study sponsored by either 
ARIAD US or ARIAD SWISSCO.
 
1.155 	Segregate means, with respect to a Competitive Product to use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to segregate the Development, Manufacture, 
and Commercialization activities relating to such Competitive Product from 
Development, Manufacture, and Commercialization activities for Compounds or 
Products under this Agreement, including using Commercially Reasonable 
Efforts to ensure that: (i) no personnel involved in performing the 
Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of such Competitive Product 
have access to non-public plans or non-public information relating to the 
Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of Compounds or Products or 
any other Confidential Information of the applicable Party; and (ii) no 
personnel involved in performing the Development, Manufacture, or 
Commercialization of Compounds or Products have access to non-public plans 
or information relating to the Development, Manufacture, or 
Commercialization of such Competitive Product; provided, that, in either 
case of (i) or (ii), senior management personnel may review and evaluate 
plans and information regarding the Development, Manufacture, and 
Commercialization of such Competitive Product, solely in connection with 
portfolio decision-making among product opportunities.
 
1.156 	Senior Officer means, (i) with respect to ARIAD US, its Chief 
Executive Officer, and (ii) with respect to ARIAD SWISSCO, the Chief 
Executive Officer of Incyte Corporation.
 
1.157 	Specifications means the specifications for the Product in 
Unlabeled Bottle or API form, as applicable, as defined by the Parties and 
incorporated into the Interim Quality Agreement and future Quality 
Agreements, together with changes to such specifications made in accordance 
with Section 12.3.
 
1.158 	Share Purchase Agreement has the meaning set forth in the 
Recitals.
 
1.159 	Sublicensee means any Affiliate of ARIAD SWISSCO or Third Party 
appointed by ARIAD SWISSCO as a sublicensee under this Agreement in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
16
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.160 	Subcontractor means a Third Party appointed by ARIAD SWISSCO, 
subject to Section 2.3, to perform activities under this Agreement on 
behalf of ARIAD SWISSCO. For clarity, a Subcontractor does not include a 
Sublicensee.
 
1.161 	Superiority has the meaning set forth on Appendix 1.161.
 
1.162 	Supply Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.
 
1.163 	Target Enrollment has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.2.
 
1.164 	Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 19.7. The terms 
Taxable and Tax have correlative meanings.
 
1.165 	Term means the period beginning on the Effective Date and 
continuing unless and until terminated in accordance with its terms.
 
1.166 	Termination Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1.
 
1.167 	Territory means the area within the geographic boundaries as set 
forth in Appendix 1.167. Appendix 1.167 sets forth the status of Product in 
the Territory as of the Effective Date.
 
1.168 	Territory-Only Third Party License has the meaning set forth in 
Section 23.6.1.
 
1.169 	Third Party means any Person other than ARIAD US, ARIAD SWISSCO 
and their respective Affiliates. For purposes of this definition, Person 
means any (i) natural person, (ii) partnership, company, corporation or 
other form of business organization or legal entity, and (iii) any 
governmental or administrative entity.
 
1.170 	Third Party Development Costs mean within Development, the actual 
invoiced amounts paid by a Party to a CRO, excluding recoverable taxes such 
as VAT.
 
1.171 	Third Party Infringement Claim has the meaning set forth in 
Section 23.5.1.
 
1.172 	Third Party License has the meaning set forth in Section 23.5.6.
 
1.173 	Third Party Manufacturing Costs mean within or relating to 
Manufacture or Manufacturing Technology Transfer, the actual invoiced 
amounts paid by a Party to a contract manufacturing organization, excluding 
recoverable taxes such as VAT.
 
1.174 	Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.2.
 
1.175 	Transition Back Arrangements means the arrangements set out in 
Appendix 1.175.
 
1.176 	Transitional Supply Arrangements has the meaning set forth in 
Section 10.1.
 
1.177 	Unlabeled Bottles means Drug Product in unlabeled bottle form as 
set forth in the Specifications.
 
1.178 	US GAAP means generally accepted accounting provisions in force in 
USA from time to time.
 
17
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.179 	Valid Claim means a claim of an issued and unexpired Patent to the 
extent such claim has not been revoked, held invalid or unenforceable by a 
patent office, court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction 
in a final order, from which no further appeal can be taken, and which 
claim has not been disclaimed, denied or admitted to be invalid or 
unenforceable through reissue, re-examination or disclaimer or otherwise.
 
1.180 	Year-End Compensating Payment has the meaning set forth in 
Appendix 19.8.2.


ARTICLE 2  GRANT OF LICENSES
 
2.1 	Grant of licenses.
 
  	2.1.1 	Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including 
any reservation of ARIAD USs rights expressly set forth herein, ARIAD US 
hereby grants to ARIAD SWISSCO, and ARIAD SWISSCO hereby accepts, an 
exclusive (even as to ARIAD US and its Affiliates, except in the case of 
clause (i) below), perpetual, license under the Patents, the Know-how, the 
ARIAD US Trademarks and any other Intellectual Property Rights of ARIAD US 
and its Affiliates in and to the Compound or Product to (i) conduct 
Ancillary Research anywhere in the world, (ii) Develop Product in the 
Territory (subject to ARIAD USs rights to Develop under Sections 5.3, 5.4 
and 5.7) and, in connection with a Global Study, in the Development 
Territory, (ii) Manufacture Product anywhere in the world for purposes of 
Commercialization in the Field in the Territory, and (iv) Commercialize 
Product in the Field in the Territory, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement.
 
  	2.1.2 	Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including 
any reservation of ARIAD USs rights expressly set forth herein (including 
payment for use of Development Data as required under Sections 5.5, 5.7.3 
and 5.9), ARIAD US hereby grants to ARIAD SWISSCO, and ARIAD SWISSCO hereby 
accepts, an exclusive (even as to ARIAD US and its Affiliates, except in 
the case of clause (i) below) license and right of reference under the 
Registrations and all other Regulatory Documentation that ARIAD US or its 
Affiliates may Control with respect to the Compound or Product as necessary 
for ARIAD SWISSCO to (i) [***] anywhere in the world, (ii) Develop Product 
in the Territory (subject to ARIAD USs rights to Develop under Sections 
5.3, 5.4 and 5.7) and, in connection with a Global Study, in the 
Development Territory, (iii) Manufacture Product anywhere in the world for 
purposes of Commercialization in the Field in the Territory, and (iv) 
Commercialize Product in the Field in the Territory. ARIAD US shall sign, 
and shall cause its Affiliates to sign, any documents or instruments 
requested by ARIAD SWISSCO in order to effectuate the foregoing grant and 
enable ARIAD SWISSCO to exercise its rights under this Agreement.
 
  	2.1.3 	
The licenses set forth in Section 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 shall be sublicensable 
through multiple tiers by ARIAD SWISSCO without ARIAD USs consent except 
where the applicable Sublicense is to be granted in respect of the
 
18
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Commercialization of the Product in all or substantially all of the 
countries within the Territory, such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed ([***]). Prior to the grant of any such 
sublicense ARIAD SWISSCO shall give ARIAD US not less than [***] of the 
intent to enter into such a sublicense, of the identity of the proposed 
sublicensee and seeking consent and ARIAD US shall have the right to grant 
or not grant such consent in its sole discretion; provided, however, that 
if ARIAD US does not provide written notice that it does not consent within 
[***] of receipt of notice from ARIAD SWISSCO, such consent shall be deemed 
given. ARIAD SWISSCO shall be liable for all acts or omissions of its 
Sublicensees in connection with this Agreement. Any act or omission by any 
Sublicensee that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if done, or 
omitted to be done, by ARIAD SWISSCO, shall be deemed to be a breach of 
this Agreement by ARIAD SWISSCO. Any Sublicense shall contain a provision 
that it shall be assignable to ARIAD US in the event of termination of this 
Agreement.
 
2.2 	ARIAD US and its Affiliates agree that they shall not, and they shall 
not appoint any Third Party (i) to [***] in the Territory other than 
pursuant to Sections 5.3, 5.4 and 5.7) or in connection with a [***]; or 
(ii) [***] (other than for purposes of supplying to ARIAD SWISSCO pursuant 
to this Agreement or the Supply Agreement) anywhere in the world if it is 
intended for Commercialization in the Territory or (iii) to [***] the [***] 
or Product in the Territory or (iv) otherwise in contravention of the 
licenses set forth in Section 2.1.1. Other than the Distribution 
Agreements, as at the Effective Date no rights to develop, [***] or [***] 
the Product has been granted to Third Parties for the Territory.
 
2.3 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall be entitled to engage Subcontractors with respect 
to the performance of its rights under Section 2.1 without ARIAD US 
consent provided that such sub-contract shall be assignable to ARIAD US in 
the event of termination of this Agreement.


ARTICLE 3  RESERVED TERRITORIES AND NON-COMPETITION
 
3.1 	Development of the Compound and/or Product for and Commercialization 
of the Product in all countries other than those in the Territory (the 
Reserved Territory) are reserved exclusively to ARIAD US or its 
Affiliates, or to Third Parties appointed by ARIAD US or its Affiliates, as 
the case may be. In consideration of the licenses granted to ARIAD SWISSCO 
by ARIAD US under Section 2.1, ARIAD SWISSCO shall refrain from (i) [***] 
in the Reserved Territory and/or (ii) [***] to Customers located in any 
country within the Reserved Territory or to Third Parties with the 
knowledge that such Third Party may be intending to sell the Product into 
the Reserved Territory. Without limiting the foregoing, ARIAD SWISSCO shall 
use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to refrain from the following 
activities solely with respect to the Product, except for permitted 
activities under this Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	sales or marketing visits or details in the Reserved Territory;
 
  	(b) 	direct mail, including the sending of unsolicited e-mails, to 
persons or entities located in the Reserved Territory;
 
19
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	advertising in media, on the internet or other promotions, where 
such advertising or promotion is specifically targeted at potential 
purchasers in the Reserved Territory;
 
  	(d) 	online advertisements addressed to potential purchasers in the 
Reserved Territory and other efforts specifically designed to be found by 
potential purchasers in the Reserved Territory, including the use of in the 
Reserved Territory based banners on Third Party websites and paying a 
search engine or online advertisement provider to have advertisements or 
higher search rankings displayed specifically to potential purchasers 
outside in the Reserved Territory; and
 
  	(e) 	advertising or promotion in any form, or translation of ARIAD 
SWISSCOs website into a language other than an official language of any 
country forming part of the Territory, that in each case ARIAD SWISSCO 
would not reasonably carry out but for the likelihood that it will reach 
potential Customers in countries in the Reserved Territory.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an activity is occurring as of the 
Effective Date, it shall not be a breach of this Section 3.1 if it 
continues after the Effective Date.
 
3.2 	For purposes of clarity, Development of the Compound and/or Product 
for and Commercialization of the Product in the Territory are reserved 
exclusively to ARIAD SWISSCO or its Affiliates, or to Third Parties 
appointed by ARIAD SWISSCO or its Affiliates, as the case may be. ARIAD US 
shall refrain from (i) [***] and/or (ii) [***] to Customers located in any 
country within the Territory or to Third Parties [***]. Without limiting 
the foregoing, ARIAD US shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to 
refrain from the following activities solely with respect to the Compound 
and Product, except for permitted activities under this Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	sales or marketing visits or details in the Territory;
 
  	(b) 	direct mail, including the sending of unsolicited e-mails, to 
persons or entities located in the Territory;
 
  	(c) 	advertising in media, on the internet or other promotions, where 
such advertising or promotion is specifically targeted at potential 
purchasers in the Territory;
 
  	(d) 	online advertisements addressed to potential purchasers in the 
Territory and other efforts specifically designed to be found by potential 
purchasers in the Territory, including the use of in the Territory based 
banners on Third Party websites and paying a search engine or online 
advertisement provider to have advertisements or higher search rankings 
displayed specifically to potential purchasers outside in the Territory; 
and
 
  	(e) 	advertising or promotion in any form, or translation of ARIAD US 
website into a language other than an official language of any country 
forming part of the Reserved Territory, that in each case ARIAD US would 
not reasonably carry out but for the likelihood that it will reach 
potential Customers in countries in the Territory.
 
20
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.3 	Competitive Product.
 
  	3.3.1 	As of the Effective Date and for [***] thereafter, neither Party 
nor its Affiliates shall research (other than [***], which may be conducted 
worldwide), develop, register, file for registration, manufacture, 
purchase, sell, promote, distribute, commercialize or otherwise exploit any 
Competitive Product in the Field anywhere in the Territory nor enable or 
authorize any Third Party to do so. The foregoing shall not preclude either 
Party from conducting research related to [***] that are not [***]; 
provided that any such research shall not continue should such [***] become 
[***].
 
  	3.3.2 	Notwithstanding Section 3.3.1, if a Party or any of its 
Affiliates, either as a result of a merger, acquisition, change of control 
or similar transaction (including an acquisition of assets) (the 
Transaction) acquires (such Party being referred to as the Acquiring 
Party) or is acquired (such Party being referred to as the Acquired Party
) by or otherwise merges with an entity that owns, has a license to, or a 
right to distribute, a Competitive Product that would otherwise result in a 
violation of Section 3.3.1, then the following shall apply:
 
  	(a) 	The Acquiring Party shall (i) promptly, and in any event no later 
than [***] following the date of the Transaction, notify the other Party in 
writing of the Transaction and the Competitive Product, (ii) promptly [***] 
the Competitive Product, and (iii) divest, or cause its relevant Affiliate 
to divest, all rights (including distribution rights) to the Competitive 
Product in accordance with this Section 3.3.2. The Acquiring Party shall 
promptly, and in any event no later than [***] following the date of the 
Transaction, notify the other Party that it or its Affiliate, as the case 
may be, intends to undertake good faith efforts to divest the Competitive 
Product, such divestiture shall be completed within [***] after the date of 
the Transaction and shall occur by (1) a termination of or an outright sale 
or assignment to a Third Party of all of the Acquiring Partys or its 
Affiliates rights and interest in and to the Competitive Product 
(including all rights under any contract, such as a license or distribution 
agreement) or (2) an out license arrangement under which the Acquiring 
Party and its Affiliates have no ongoing involvement in the development or 
commercialization of the Competitive Product and derive no material ongoing 
financial return following the effective date of divestiture and no 
financial benefit tied to sales or success of the divested Competitive 
Product. Should such divestiture not have occurred with respect to any 
country in the Territory within such [***] period, and provided that the 
Acquiring Party has been using good faith efforts to divest the owned 
Competitive Product in such country during such [***] period, then the 
Acquiring Party shall discontinue (and cause its Affiliates to discontinue) 
developing or commercializing the Competitive Product (i.e., withdraw the 
Competitive Product and/or the relevant marketing authorization and, to the 
extent applicable, cease all promotion, marketing and other 
commercialization activities with respect to the Competitive Product) in 
such country.
 
21
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	If the Acquired Party is ARIAD US, it shall (i) promptly, and in 
any event no later than [***] following the date of the Transaction, notify 
ARIAD SWISSCO in writing of the Transaction and the Competitive Product, 
(ii) promptly [***] the Competitive Product, and (iii) either (A) continue 
such [***] for the remainder of the Term or (B) divest, or cause its 
relevant Affiliate to divest, all rights (including distribution rights) to 
the Competitive Product in the Territory. ARIAD US shall promptly, and in 
any event no later than [***] following the date of the Transaction, notify 
ARIAD SWISSCO that it or its Affiliate, as the case may be, intends to (x) 
continue such [***] for the remainder of the Term or (y) undertake good 
faith efforts to divest the Competitive Product, such divestiture to be 
completed within [***] after the date of the Transaction and to occur by 
(1) an outright sale or assignment to a Third Party of all of ARIAD USs or 
its Affiliates rights and interest in the Territory in and to the 
Competitive Product (including all rights under any contract, such as a 
license or distribution agreement), or (2) an out license arrangement.
 
  	(c) 	If the Acquired Party is ARIAD SWISSCO, it shall (i) promptly, and 
in any event no later than [***] following the date of the Transaction, 
notify ARIAD US in writing of the Transaction and the Competitive Product, 
(ii) promptly [***] the Competitive Product, and (iii) divest, or cause its 
relevant Affiliate to divest, all rights (including distribution rights) to 
either the Product or the Competitive Product in the Territory. ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall promptly, and in any event no later than [***] following the 
date of the Transaction, notify ARIAD US that it or its Affiliate, as the 
case may be, intends to undertake good faith efforts to divest either the 
Product or the Competitive Product, such divestiture to be completed within 
[***] after the date of the Transaction and to occur by (1) an outright 
sale or assignment to a Third Party of all of ARIAD SWISSCOs or its 
Affiliates rights and interest in the Territory in and to the Product or 
the Competitive Product, as the case may be (including all rights under any 
contract, such as a license or distribution agreement), or (2) an out 
license arrangement.
 
3.4 	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting either 
Party or any of their respective Affiliates either themselves or through a 
Third Party from developing or commercializing any Excluded Compound in any 
field anywhere in the world.
 
3.5 	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving ARIAD SWISSCO 
any right to use or otherwise exploit the Know-how, the Patents, the ARIAD 
US Trademarks, ARIAD USs other Intellectual Property Rights in the 
Compound or Product and/or any other information received hereunder for 
purposes other than to perform ARIAD SWISSCOs obligations and exercise its 
rights under this Agreement, including for purposes of meeting its 
responsibilities as the MAH in the Territory, solely in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement. Except as expressly set forth in 
this Agreement, neither Party grants to the other Party any right or 
license to any of its Intellectual Property Rights.
 
22
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.6 	The Parties acknowledge and agree that the restrictions imposed on and 
accepted by the Parties in this ARTICLE 3 are restrictions that each Party 
has independently and unilaterally determined are necessary in order to 
protect such Partys Intellectual Property Rights and ensure such Party is 
able to effectively commit and apply its skills, resources, networks and 
qualified personnel so that the other Party may comply with and perform its 
obligations under this Agreement.


ARTICLE 4  DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION COMMITTEES
 
4.1 	Joint Steering Committee. The Parties shall, within [***] of the 
Effective Date, establish a Joint Steering Committee (the JSC), comprised 
of three (3) representatives of ARIAD US and three (3) representatives of 
ARIAD SWISSCO. The JSC shall be co-chaired by a representative of each of 
ARIAD US and ARIAD SWISSCO.
 
4.2 	General Responsibilities. The JSC shall coordinate and monitor 
progress of the activities taking place under this Agreement.
 
4.3 	Development-Related Responsibilities. The JSC shall coordinate, 
liaise, review and discuss matters related to the Development of the 
Product in the Territory, the Reserved Territory and the Global Studies to 
be undertaken in accordance with this Agreement. Without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, it shall prepare and approve annual (or, if 
needed, more frequent) updates and revisions to the Development Register, 
will discuss and attempt to resolve disagreements escalated by any 
subcommittees or project teams that may be set up from time to time to 
discuss any specific issues in relation to Development and assume such 
other responsibilities as are set forth in this Agreement, or as mutually 
agreed in writing by duly authorized representatives of the Parties from 
time to time.
 
4.4 	Commercialization-related Responsibilities. The JSC shall establish a 
subcommittee called Joint Commercialization Committee (JCC) to coordinate 
the activities of the Parties in connection with Commercialization of the 
Product in the Territory and the Reserved Territory in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement. Without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, the JSC will discuss and attempt to resolve disagreements 
escalated by JCC and assume such other responsibilities as are set forth in 
this Agreement with regard to Commercialization, or as mutually agreed in 
writing by duly authorized representatives of the Parties from time to 
time. For clarity, [***] shall be [***], to [***] in the Territory, 
including the [***] Third Parties with respect to the sale of the Product 
in the Territory and neither [***] shall have any right to [***].
 
4.5 	Committee Administration.
 
  	4.5.1 	
Subcommittees. The JSC may form subcommittees or project teams as it deems 
appropriate to fulfill its responsibilities. The Parties intend to 
establish joint pharmacovigilance (PV) and supply chain subcommittees or 
project teams as soon as practicable after the Effective Date in order to 
facilitate discussions and coordination of the Parties efforts and 
activities relating to Product PV and manufacture, supply and quality 
assurance (including Manufacture) under this Agreement. If a subcommittee 
or
 
23
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 project team cannot reach agreement on any matter within its remit, 
such matter shall be submitted to the JSC for discussion and resolution 
prior to any further dispute resolution action being taken.
 
  	4.5.2 	Changes to Representatives. A Party may change any one or more of 
its representatives to the JSC or to a subcommittee or project team at any 
time upon written notice to the other Party. The number of representatives 
appointed by each Party to the JSC or to a subcommittee or project team may 
be modified by mutual agreement of the Parties; provided, that at all times 
the number of representatives from each Party shall be equal.
 
  	4.5.3 	Schedule and Minutes. The representatives of the JSC shall 
mutually agree on the schedule for meetings, provided that there shall be 
at least one (1) meeting per calendar quarter. Either Party may schedule an 
emergency meeting of the JSC upon reasonable advance written notice to the 
other Party. A representative of the Party hosting a meeting of the JSC 
shall serve as secretary of that meeting. The secretary of the meeting 
shall prepare and distribute to all members of the JSC: (a) agenda items at 
least [***] in advance of the applicable meeting and (b) draft minutes of 
the meeting within [***] following the meeting to allow adequate review and 
comment. Such minutes shall provide a description in reasonable detail of 
the discussions held at the meeting and a list of any actions, decisions or 
determinations approved by the JSC. Minutes of the JSC meeting shall be 
approved or disapproved, and revised as necessary, within [***] after their 
initial circulation in draft form. Minutes for any subcommittees shall be 
prepared in the same manner and in accordance with the same timelines. The 
final minutes of any subcommittee shall be provided to the JSC.
 
  	4.5.4 	Location and Attendance. The location of JSC meetings shall 
alternate between ARIAD USs principal place of business and ARIAD 
SWISSCOs principal place of business, or as otherwise agreed by the 
Parties. The JSC may also meet by means of telephone conference call or 
videoconference, provided that at least one (1) meeting per calendar year 
shall be held in person. Each Party shall use reasonable efforts to cause 
its representatives to attend JSC meetings. If a Partys representative to 
the JSC or any subcommittee is unable to attend a meeting, such Party may 
designate an alternate to attend such meeting in place of the absent 
representative. In addition, each Party may, at its discretion, invite 
non-voting employees, and, with the consent of the other Party, consultants 
or scientific advisors, to attend JSC meetings.
 
4.6 	Alliance Managers. Each Party shall appoint a business representative 
who possesses a general understanding of the relevant technical, business 
and legal issues to act as its Alliance Manager (each, an Alliance Manager
). The Alliance Managers shall be responsible for creating and maintaining 
collaborative, efficient and responsive communication within and between 
the Parties, and for day-to-day management of operational matters other 
than matters within the remit of the JSC. The Alliance Managers shall have 
no authority to modify this Agreement or waive any non-compliance with its 
terms. Alliance Managers may attend JSC and subcommittee meetings as 
observers.
 
24
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.7 	Decision Making Process.
 
  	4.7.1 	Development. For clarity, the veto rights set out in Sections 5.6 
and 5.7.2 are to be exercised by the Parties but [***] pursuant to the 
first sentence of Section 29.2 and are not subject to [***].
 
  	4.7.2 	Commercialization. In the event of any dispute relating to 
Commercialization of the Product in a Partys respective territory, the 
first sentence of Section 29.2 shall apply. If [***] are not able to agree 
upon such dispute, [***] shall have the final decision in relation to the 
Reserved Territory and [***] shall have the final decision in relation to 
the Territory.


ARTICLE 5  DEVELOPMENT
 
5.1 	Development Liaison. ARIAD US and ARIAD SWISSCO shall use good faith 
efforts to coordinate and liaise, through the JSC, concerning continued 
Development of the Product with respect to (i) Development being Global 
Studies, Ongoing Studies and Proposed Studies and (ii) each Partys 
separate plans for Development in its respective territory. Each Party will 
disclose its Development activities, Ancillary Research activities and 
Basic Research activities, giving updates at each JSC meeting. The Proposed 
Studies and, if a Party does not veto a clinical study under Sections 5.6 
or 5.7.2, the clinical studies the subject of (ii), in each case once 
initiated, shall be listed in a Development register (Development Register
) maintained by the JSC. The Development Register shall be updated by the 
JSC as required to reflect changes and additions to include all new 
clinical studies performed under this Agreement. As of the Effective Date, 
the Development Register lists only the Ongoing Studies.
 
5.2 	Registration of the Product in Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO shall, or 
shall procure that its Sublicensees shall, [***], use Commercially 
Reasonable Efforts to seek Registration of the Product in the Territory 
taking into account the countries in which it has not obtained Registration 
as of the Effective Date. If ARIAD US applies for a Marketing Authorization 
(or equivalent) of the Product in the U.S. for a New Indication, ARIAD US 
will disclose full details at the JSC and may request that ARIAD SWISSCO 
seek Registration of the Product for the New Indication in the Territory 
using the Development Data provided by ARIAD US (if not already available 
to ARIAD SWISSCO under the terms of this Agreement. ARIAD SWISSCO will 
consider such request in good faith, including analyzing the commercial 
viability of Commercializing the Product with the New Indication in the 
Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO will share the results of this analysis with JSC. 
ARIAD US will provide reasonable assistance as appropriate to and requested 
by ARIAD SWISSCO as it conducts such analysis. The final decision regarding 
whether to seek registration for such New Indication in the Territory, or 
at least some countries of the Territory, shall be in [***] sole 
discretion.
 
5.3 	Ongoing Studies.
 
  	5.3.1 	
ARIAD US shall be responsible for the conduct of the Ongoing Studies. For 
clarity, if the Ongoing Studies are Global Studies they are not subject to 
Section 5.7. ARIAD SWISSCO shall reimburse ARIAD US for ongoing Third Party 
Development Costs incurred by ARIAD US in the Ongoing
 
25
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Studies, subject to a maximum aggregate amount of US$7,000,000 for the 
period from the Effective Date until December 31, 2016 and US$7,000,000 for 
the calendar year 2017 (together, the Ongoing Studies Budget). ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall reimburse the actual, undisputed Third Party Development 
Costs quarterly within [***] of receipt of ARIAD USs quarterly invoice and 
supporting evidence of the Third Party Development Costs having been 
incurred. Payment shall be made into such bank account as ARIAD US shall 
specify from time to time. For the period ending [***], no invoice shall be 
in excess of [***] (provided that for [***] in which the Effective Date 
occurs the invoice shall be for a pro-rated amount) and no invoice shall be 
delivered before [***]. For clarity if a [***] invoice during the calendar 
year ending [***] does not include the maximum of [***] any excess may be 
included in a subsequent invoice for calendar year [***], provided however 
that no excess at the end of the calendar year [***] may be rolled over to 
the calendar year [***]. If either the OPTIC Clinical Trial or the OPTIC 2L 
Clinical Trial is terminated prior to [***], then the maximum aggregate 
amount owed by ARIAD SWISSCO with effect from the date of termination of 
the relevant Ongoing Study, shall be [***] of the remaining Ongoing Studies 
Budget. If both the OPTIC Clinical Trial and the OPTIC 2L Clinical Trial 
are terminated prior to [***], then no further amounts will be payable by 
ARIAD SWISSCO after the date of termination of the last of the OPTIC 
Clinical Trial and the OPTIC 2L Clinical Trial. In addition to the Ongoing 
Studies Budget, ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay ARIAD US (i) [***] and (ii) [***] 
upon either (a) [***]; or (b) [***]. For clarity, [***] will not be [***] 
in the event of [***]. For clarity, [***] will not be [***]. For clarity, 
ARIAD US shall continue to control the conduct of the Ongoing Studies and 
shall continue to be listed as the sponsor until completion. ARIAD US will 
be responsible for collection and reporting of all serious adverse events 
from these trials to the regulatory agencies in which the trials are being 
conducted. No amounts will be due under this Section 5.3.1 and payable by 
ARIAD SWISSCO if the Buy-Back Option has been exercised.
 
  	5.3.2 	In relation to the OPTIC Clinical Trial, ARIAD US shall pay to 
ARIAD SWISSCO on calendar [***] basis an amount equal to (i) the number of 
patients greater than [***] enrolled (the Target Enrollment) in the OPTIC 
Clinical Trial in countries in the Territory in which the Product has a 
Marketing Authorization multiplied by (ii) [***], multiplied by (iii) 
[***]. ARIAD US may deduct [***] from the amount of such payment and pay 
the net amount to ARIAD SWISSCO. Such payments shall be made within [***] 
after the end of each [***] for amounts accrued in such [***]. If the OPTIC 
Clinical Study projected enrollment of [***] subjects is changed, the 
Target Enrollment shall be adjusted proportionally.
 
  	5.3.3 	
ARIAD US shall provide to ARIAD SWISSCO within [***] of the end of each 
calendar month, [***] for the Ongoing Studies (other than the Optic 2L 
Clinical Trial, for which reports shall be provided quarterly) including 
the following for such calendar month: [***]. In addition, ARIAD US shall 
within [***] of receipt, provide ARIAD SWISSCO with copies of all (i)
 
26
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 material communications and safety reports to or from Regulatory 
Authorities and minutes from meetings with Regulatory Authorities related 
to the Ongoing Studies and (ii) any related material post-marketing 
requirements communications to or from Regulatory Authorities. Subject to 
ARIAD SWISSCO making the applicable payments due to ARIAD US under Section 
5.3.1 ARIAD SWISSCO shall have the right to use all Development Data 
(including any needed right of reference) from the Ongoing Studies as 
necessary or useful for Registration in the Territory.
 
  	5.3.4 	ARIAD US shall report the results of each of the Ongoing Studies 
to ARIAD SWISSCO by sending a substantially complete draft of the CSR as 
soon as practicable and a copy of the draft of the final CSR to ARIAD 
SWISSCO within [***] of database lock for the applicable study. ARIAD 
SWISSCO will provide ARIAD US with any comments within [***] of its receipt 
of the draft of the final CSR. ARIAD US shall consider in good faith such 
comments, but it shall be in the sole discretion of ARIAD US whether to 
make changes to CSR Report to accommodate ARIAD SWISSCO comments. If the 
final CSR for the OPTIC 2L Clinical Trial demonstrates Superiority on the 
Primary Efficacy Endpoint, ARIAD SWISSCO shall submit a variation 
application to the Regulatory Authority to support the approval of the 
Second Line CML indication within [***] of ARIAD SWISSCOS receipt of the 
final CSR.
 
  	5.3.5 	Should ARIAD US elect to discontinue one or more of the Ongoing 
Studies, ARIAD US shall promptly, but in all cases prior to such 
discontinuance, notify ARIAD SWISSCO of such decision.
 
5.4 	Proposed Studies. ARIAD US may in its sole discretion commence and 
conduct the Proposed Studies and the provisions of Sections 5.6 or 5.7.2 
shall not apply to the Proposed Studies but otherwise all provisions of 
this ARTICLE 5 shall apply as appropriate to a Proposed Study. ARIAD US 
shall submit for discussion by the JSC the draft and final detailed budget, 
draft and final protocol and overview of the clinical trial design prior to 
study initiation. ARIAD US shall report the results of each of the Proposed 
Studies to ARIAD SWISSCO by sending a substantially complete draft of the 
CSR as soon as practicable and a copy of the draft of the final CSR to 
ARIAD SWISSCO within six (6) months of database lock for the applicable 
study. ARIAD SWISSCO will provide ARIAD US with any comments within fifteen 
(15) days of its receipt of the draft of the final CSR. ARIAD US shall 
consider in good faith such comments but it shall be in the sole discretion 
of ARIAD US whether to make changes to CSR Report to accommodate ARIAD 
SWISSCO comments.
 
5.5 	Territory and Reserved Territory Specific Development. If ARIAD 
SWISSCO or Sublicensee wishes to carry out Development activity comprising 
a clinical study that is proposed to be conducted solely at clinical 
research sites in the Territory, then ARIAD SWISSCO shall submit for 
consideration by the JSC the proposed detailed budget, protocol and 
clinical trial design. If ARIAD US, either itself or through an Affiliate 
wishes to carry out Development activity comprising a clinical study that 
is proposed to be conducted solely at clinical research sites in the 
Reserved Territory, then ARIAD US shall provide the JSC with the proposed 
detailed budget, protocol and clinical trial design. Subject to Section 
5.6, both Parties shall be entitled to carry out such Development activity 
and the provisions of Section 5.7.3 and 5.9 shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
this Section 5.5.
 
27
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.6 	Territory and Reserved Territory Veto Right. In connection with any 
clinical study proposed to be conducted by the Developing Party pursuant to 
Section 5.5, the Non-Developing Party shall have the right, by providing 
written notice to the Developing Party of the grounds for such objections, 
to object to the study taking place on the grounds that, in its reasonable 
opinion, the protocol design is reasonably likely to create a safety risk 
or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Commercialization of the 
Product in the Non-Developing Partys territory. In the event of dispute on 
this subject, either Party shall have the right to escalate the matter by 
written notice to the other Party (Escalation Notice). The Senior 
Officers of both Parties shall use good faith efforts to resolve any matter 
referred to them as soon as practicable. Any final decision that the Senior 
Officers mutually agree to in writing shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Parties. If the Senior Officers fail to resolve the dispute, the 
decision of the Non-Developing Party shall be final on all issues.
 
5.7 	Global Studies.
 
  	5.7.1 	If, after the Effective Date, either Party proposes to undertake 
a Global Study, then it shall provide the JSC with the (i) proposed 
detailed budget, protocol and clinical trial design, details of the sites 
and the key investigators, (ii) a detailed breakdown and budget of the 
proposed Development Costs and (iii) any other relevant information and 
plans relating to such study, including template patient consent forms that 
are reasonably requested by the other Party.
 
  	5.7.2 	Veto of Global Studies. In connection with any Global Study 
proposed to be conducted by the Developing Party, the Non-Developing Party 
shall have the right, by providing written notice to the Developing Party 
of the grounds for such objection, to object to the study taking place on 
the grounds that, in its reasonable opinion, the protocol design or conduct 
of the Global Study is reasonably likely to create a safety risk or 
otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Commercialization of the 
Product in the territory of the Non-Developing Party. In the event of 
dispute on this subject, either Party may refer the matter for escalation 
to the Senior Officers under the procedures in Section 5.6. If the Senior 
Officers fail to resolve the dispute, the decision of the Non-Developing 
Party shall be final on all issues.
 
  	5.7.3 	
Subject to the veto right set out in Section 5.7.2, the Non-Developing 
Party shall determine if it wishes to co-fund the Global Study by electing 
to [***] and shall confirm such determination by notice in writing to the 
other Party. The Developing Party shall be sponsor of any such co-funded 
Global Study. Subject to the Pharmacovigilance Agreement, the Developing 
Party will be responsible for ensuring the collection and reporting of all 
serious adverse events from these trials to the regulatory agencies in 
countries and territories in which the co-funded global trials are being 
conducted. In relation to such Global Study, the Development Costs will be 
[***] ARIAD
 
28
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 US and ARIAD SWISSCO. Each Party shall have the right to the 
Development Data from such Global Study as more particularly set out in 
Sections 5.11 and ARTICLE 6. No amounts under this Section 5.7.3 will be 
due and payable by ARIAD SWISSCO if the Buy-Back Option has been exercised.
 
  	5.7.4 	Subject to the veto right set out in Section 5.7.2, if the 
Non-Developing Party does not wish to co-fund pursuant to Section 5.7.3, 
the Developing Party shall have the right to conduct the Global Study 
[***]. To the extent that the study is being conducted in an on-label 
indication, the Developing Party shall pay to the Non-Developing Party on 
calendar quarter basis an amount equal to (i) [***], multiplied by (ii) 
[***], multiplied by (iii) [***]. If ARIAD US is the Developing Party, it 
may deduct [***] from the amount of such payment and pay the net amount to 
ARIAD SWISSCO. Such payments shall be made within [***] after the end of 
each [***] for amounts accrued in such [***]. For purposes of clarity, the 
payments under this Section 5.7.4 shall apply to any of the Proposed 
Studies that are Global Studies.
 
5.8 	If either Party proceeds with a Global Study under Section 5.7.4, the 
Developing Party shall, at least quarterly, provide to the Non-Developing 
Party a detailed written report (which obligation may be satisfied by means 
of reports prepared by or for the Developing Party for internal use) that 
includes the then-current development status, the results achieved, the 
problems being encountered, summary of material clinical data generated, 
Development Costs incurred and other pertinent information relating to the 
Global Study. For each Global Study, the Developing Party shall provide to 
the Non-Developing Party a substantially complete draft of the CSR as soon 
as practicable and a draft of the final CSR within [***] of database lock 
for the study. The Non-Developing Party will provide the Developing Party 
with comments within [***] of its receipt of the draft final CSR. The 
Developing Party shall consider in good faith such comments but it shall be 
in the sole discretion of the Developing Party whether to make changes to 
CSR Report to accommodate the Non-Developing Party comments. The Developing 
Party shall send a copy of the final CSR of the Global Study to the 
Non-Developing Party in the form of a written notice.
 
5.9 	
The Non-Developing Party shall, at any time prior to [***] after the final 
CSR of a Global Study is issued, have the right, by giving written notice 
to the Developing Party exercising this right, to use the Development Data 
from such Global Study in relation to Registration in its territory, 
provided that the Non-Developing Party reimburses the Developing Party 
[***] of the Developing Partys Third Party Development Costs incurred in 
the conduct of such Global Study to date and continues to pay directly, or 
reimburse to the Developing Party on a [***] basis, [***] of the Third 
Party Development Costs paid for the conduct of such Global Study. The 
Non-Developing Party shall have the right, at reasonable times during 
business hours and upon reasonable notice to the Developing Party to access 
the Developing Partys books, records and accounts for inspection and audit 
by the Non-Developing Party or its Affiliates or their respective duly 
authorized representatives or by an independent auditor to be nominated by 
the Non-Developing Party and reasonably acceptable to the Developing Party, 
to ensure the accuracy of all reports and payments made hereunder and in 
respect of all Development Costs. Such audit
 
29
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 shall be covered by confidentiality obligations of the auditor. No 
amounts under this Section 5.9 will be due and payable by ARIAD SWISSCO if 
the Buy-Back Option has been exercised.
 
5.10 	Each Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither Party makes 
any warranty, and nothing in this Agreement may or shall be construed as a 
warranty by either Party, that the Product will obtain Registrations in any 
or all of the countries in or outside the Territory and neither Party shall 
have claims against the other Party arising out of any delay or refusal by 
Regulatory Authorities to issue Registrations or to issue Registrations 
that are acceptable to the Parties in or outside the Territory.
 
5.11 	Each Party shall own all title right and interest in and to all 
Development Data generated by them from Development activity in their 
respective territory and in relation to Global Studies in relation to which 
they have been the Developing Party. Access and the right to use 
Development Data for the other Party is governed by this ARTICLE 5.
 
5.12 	ARIAD US shall own all ARIAD US Improvements and ARIAD SWISSCO shall 
own all ARIAD SWISSCO Improvements. ARIAD SWISSCO is licensed to use ARIAD 
US Improvements on the terms of the license set out in Section 2.1. 
Throughout the Term, ARIAD US shall supply ARIAD SWISSCO with all ARIAD US 
Improvements that are necessary or useful for ARIAD SWISSCO to Develop, 
use, Commercialize, Manufacture Product in the Territory in accordance with 
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement 
shall require ARIAD US to develop additional Know-how or to obtain 
additional Know-how from Third Parties. Subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, including payment under Sections 5.7.3 and 5.9, ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall have the right to use, cross-reference, file or incorporate 
by reference any Development Data disclosed to ARIAD SWISSCO by or on 
behalf of ARIAD US or its Affiliates relating to the Product for purposes 
of performing under this Agreement, including in order to support any 
regulatory filings relating to the Product and in interactions with any 
Regulatory Authority in connection with the development and Registration of 
the Product in the Territory
 
5.13 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall promptly disclose to ARIAD US all ARIAD SWISSCO 
Improvements resulting from Development or Manufacturing activities 
conducted by ARIAD SWISSCO or its Sublicensees or Subcontractors pursuant 
to this Agreement. ARIAD US shall have a perpetual, irrevocable, exclusive 
license under the Intellectual Property Rights covering such ARIAD SWISSCO 
Improvements and Ancillary Research of ARIAD SWISSCO to use the same in any 
way whatsoever in the Reserved Territory (subject to the other terms of 
this Agreement) [***] provided always that in the case of ARIAD SWISSCO 
Improvements directly resulting from studies conducted in the Territory by 
ARIAD SWISSCO or from Global Studies conducted by them where ARIAD US has 
first paid to use the corresponding Development Data.
 
5.14 	
Each Party shall ensure that all necessary notifications are made and/or 
necessary consents are obtained and/or agreements are entered into, under 
applicable data protection or privacy regulations in its respective 
territory such that all personal information obtained in the course of the 
conduct of development activities under this
 
30
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Agreement by either Party, its respective Affiliates or any Third Party 
subcontractor of such Party can be lawfully processed including being 
transmitted to, and used by, the other Party and its Affiliates for 
development work relating to the Compound and/or the Product as provided 
for in this Agreement.


ARTICLE 6 - EXCHANGE OF OTHER KNOW-HOW
 
6.1 	Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, throughout the 
Term and/or upon either Partys reasonable request, each Party shall supply 
the other in writing or by any other appropriate means at JSC meetings 
commercial and medical affairs information and data relating to the Product 
to the extent it is Controlled by the disclosing Party or its Affiliates, 
including relevant market analyses and assessments of the competitive 
landscape for the Product, and, subject to Applicable Laws, any patient or 
physician feedback relating to Product. The receiving Party shall be free 
to use such information and data for the purpose of its business and to 
disclose the same to its Affiliates and distributors in the Territory (if 
ARIAD SWISSCO is the receiving Party) or in the Reserved Territory (if 
ARIAD US is the receiving Party), provided that no Confidential Information 
pertaining to the disclosing Partys business shall be disclosed by the 
receiving Party to such other distributors.
 
6.2 	Beginning immediately after the Effective Date, ARIAD US shall [***], 
effect a [***] to ARIAD SWISSCO or its designee (which designee may be an 
Affiliate or a Third Party manufacturer) of all Know-How and any other 
information regarding Intellectual Property Rights of ARIAD US and its 
Affiliates relating to the then-current process for the [***] and [***] 
(the Current Manufacturing Process) and to implement the Current 
Manufacturing Process at facilities designated by ARIAD SWISSCO (such 
transfer and implementation, as more fully described in this Section 6.2, 
the Manufacturing Technology Transfer). ARIAD US shall provide, and shall 
cause its Affiliates and Third Party manufacturers to provide, [***] to 
enable ARIAD SWISSCO (or its Affiliate or designated Third Party 
manufacturer, as applicable) to implement the Current Manufacturing Process 
at the facilities designated by ARIAD SWISSCO. If requested by ARIAD 
SWISSCO, such assistance shall include [***]. Without limitation to the 
foregoing, in connection with each Manufacturing Technology Transfer, ARIAD 
US shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and Third Party manufacturers to:
 
  	6.2.1 	make available to ARIAD SWISSCO (or its Affiliate or designated 
Third Party manufacturer, as applicable) from time to time as ARIAD SWISSCO 
may request, all [***] of ARIAD US and its Affiliates relating to the 
Current Manufacturing Process, and all [***], that are reasonably necessary 
or useful to enable ARIAD SWISSCO (or its Affiliate or designated Third 
Party manufacturer, as applicable) to use and practice the Current 
Manufacturing Process;
 
  	6.2.2 	cause [***] to assist with the working up and use of the Current 
Manufacturing Process and with the [***] to the extent reasonably necessary 
or useful to enable ARIAD SWISSCO (or its Affiliate or designated Third 
Party manufacturer, as applicable) to use and practice the Current 
Manufacturing Process;
 
31
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	6.2.3 	Without limiting the generality of Section 6.2.2 above, cause 
appropriate [***] and make available necessary [***], to support and 
execute the transfer of all applicable analytical methods and the 
validation thereof (including, all [***] of ARIAD US and its Affiliates 
relating to the Current Manufacturing Process, [***]);
 
  	6.2.4 	take such steps as are reasonably necessary or useful to assist 
in [***] Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Manufacture of Product 
at the applicable facilities; and
 
  	6.2.5 	provide such other assistance as ARIAD SWISSCO (or its Affiliate 
or designated Third Party manufacturer, as applicable) may reasonably 
request to enable ARIAD SWISSCO (or its Affiliate or designated Third Party 
manufacturer, as applicable) to use and practice the Current Manufacturing 
Process and otherwise to Manufacture Product.
 
6.3 	Within [***] of the end of each [***] during the period of the 
Manufacturing Technology Transfer ARIAD US shall report to ARIAD SWISSCO 
[***] incurred in such period, and shall invoice ARIAD SWISSCO for the 
same. ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay each such invoice within [***] of receipt of 
such invoice.
 
6.4 	Without limiting the foregoing, if ARIAD US or its Affiliates makes 
any invention, discovery, or improvement relating to the Manufacture of 
Product during the Term, ARIAD US shall, [***], promptly disclose such 
invention, discovery, or improvement to ARIAD SWISSCO, and shall, at ARIAD 
SWISSCOs request, perform technology transfer with respect to such 
invention, discovery, or improvement in the same manner as provided in 
Section 6.2. Neither Party will (nor cause its Third Party Manufacturers 
to) implement any process improvement that may impact the Specifications of 
the Product or the relevant sections of the Marketing Authorization or that 
would require approval of any Regulatory Authority, without the prior 
written approval of the other Party.


ARTICLE 7  PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT
 
7.1 	With respect to: (i) all countries within [***] and (ii) each country 
outside [***] in the Territory if a Marketing Authorization of the Product 
has been obtained in each such country in the Territory, ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain Pricing and 
Reimbursement Approval in such countries as soon as reasonably possible.
 
7.2 	In accordance with Applicable Law, the Parties shall discuss and 
exchange information and documentation (including health economic data, 
analyses and argumentation) to develop and support the pricing and 
reimbursement strategy for the Product within the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall provide ARIAD US with periodic updates and, upon reasonable request, 
copies of material communications with, and submissions to, pricing and 
reimbursement authorities with respect to Products in the Field in the 
Territory. For clarity, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be solely responsible for 
determining the actual selling price to Customers and all other conditions 
of sale in the Territory.
 
32
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 8  REGULATORY MATTERS
 
8.1 	Marketing Authorizations.
 
  	8.1.1 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall oversee, monitor and coordinate all 
regulatory actions, communications and filings with, and submissions to, 
Regulatory Authorities with respect to Products in the Field in the 
Territory. ARIAD US shall provide ARIAD SWISSCO with reasonable assistance, 
information, and access to ARIAD USs personnel, to support ARIAD SWISSCOs 
or the relevant ARIAD SWISSCO Sublicensees applications for Marketing 
Authorizations and other interactions with Regulatory Authorities in the 
Territory relating to Product and ARIAD SWISSCO shall reimburse ARIAD US 
for [***] in connection therewith. Each Party shall use appropriately 
qualified personnel for such activities, including personnel with local 
regulatory expertise. In accordance with its responsibilities as the MAH in 
the Territory, ARIAD SWISSCO or the relevant ARIAD SWISSCO Sublicensee 
shall act as the authorized contact for the Regulatory Authorities in the 
Territory in connection with obtaining and maintaining Marketing 
Authorizations (subject to ARIAD USs involvement as provided in Section 
8.3), as well as in connection with the Development, Manufacturing (if 
applicable) or Commercialization of the Product. [***].
 
  	8.1.2 	ARIAD US shall be responsible for maintaining the Company Core 
Data Sheet (CCDS) / Company Core Safety Information (CCSI) / core Risk 
Management Plan (RMP) for the Product. In the event that a change to the 
CCDS/CCSI/RMP necessitates a change to the local labeling in a country 
within the Territory, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be responsible for developing a 
proposed revised draft product label or package insert for each country in 
the Territory. ARIAD US shall provide ARIAD SWISSCO with information and 
reasonable access to ARIAD USs personnel, to support ARIAD SWISSCOs 
changes to the Marketing Authorizations to modify the revised draft 
labeling provided that ARIAD SWISSCO shall reimburse ARIAD US for [***]. 
ARIAD SWISSCO or the relevant ARIAD SWISSCO Sublicensee shall promptly 
submit a change to applicable Marketing Authorizations in the Territory to 
modify the labeling.
 
8.2 	Subject to Section 4.7, ARIAD SWISSCO shall review and approve the 
prescribing information, label and final packaging of the Product for the 
Territory to be submitted in connection with applications for Marketing 
Authorizations, and shall subsequently review and approve any modifications 
thereto required by a Regulatory Authority or proposed by either Party. 
ARIAD SWISSCO or the relevant ARIAD SWISSCO Sublicensee shall prepare and 
submit the relevant documentation related to Marketing Authorizations and 
other Registrations in compliance with Applicable Laws.
 
8.3 	Each Party or its relevant Sublicensee or licensee (as applicable) 
shall prepare for and conduct meetings with the local Regulatory 
Authorities for which it is responsible in consultation with the other 
Party, and shall, to the extent such meetings are reasonably likely to be 
material to the other Partys rights and obligations under this Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	notify the other Party in advance of such planned scheduled 
interactions with Regulatory Authorities relating to the Product and invite 
the other Party to attend such interactions, at the other Partys cost, if 
permitted by the Regulatory Authority;
 
33
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	notify the other Party of such spontaneous interactions with the 
Regulatory Authorities relating to the Product as soon as reasonably 
possible after the interaction;
 
  	(c) 	prepare meeting minutes of such interactions with Regulatory 
Authorities and circulate the same to the other Party, accompanied by a 
translation into English if the original minutes are not in English; and
 
  	(d) 	address such questions and requests from the Regulatory Authorities 
relating to the Product following consultation with the other Party.
 
8.4 	
Without limiting the foregoing, in connection with regulatory activities 
for which a Party has responsibility or authority under this Agreement, 
each Party or its relevant Sublicensee or licensee (as applicable) shall 
(i) provide advance copies to the other Partys representatives on the JSC 
of any proposed material submission to, or material communication with, any 
Regulatory Authority to the extent they relate to the Marketing 
Authorization or otherwise to the Product, and shall consider in good 
faith, and accommodate when reasonably appropriate, any requests by the 
other Partys JSC representatives to make any modification thereto, and 
(ii) keep the other Party fully and promptly informed, throughout the Term, 
about all material communications received from the local regulatory 
authorities concerning the Product and/or the Compound, including providing 
the other Party with a copy of all such material communications (without 
translation) no later than [***] after receipt by ARIAD SWISSCO and with a 
copy thereof translated into English as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Without prejudice to full compliance by both Parties with any obligations 
established by Applicable Laws of each country in the Territory, any and 
all material communications to local Regulatory Authorities concerning the 
Product as described above shall be submitted by the responsible Party only 
after the relevant contents have been discussed with and approved by the 
JSC; provided, however, that the responsible Party shall not be required to 
delay any communication with or regulatory submission to any applicable 
Regulatory Authority in a manner that affects the responsible Partys 
ability to comply with Regulatory Requirements or Applicable Laws. The 
responsible Party shall provide English translation of all material 
documents relating to the Product to be submitted by the responsible Party 
or its Sublicensees or licensees (as applicable) to, or that are received 
by responsible Party or its Sublicensees or licensees (as applicable) from, 
Regulatory Authorities in a language other than English. On a semi-annual 
basis, each Party shall provide the other Party with an itemized list of 
(a) all material written communications received from the local Regulatory 
Authorities concerning the Product during the prior [***] and (b) all 
material documents and written communications relating to the Product 
submitted by such Party or its Sublicensees or licensees (as applicable) to 
any Regulatory Authority during the prior [***]. Upon the request of a 
Party, the other Party shall provide the requesting Party with copies of 
any such communications or documentation itemized on such list, including 
where reasonably requested, English translations of all material 
communications or documentation. For clarity, (1) any
 
34
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 communications with Regulatory Authorities or documents submitted to 
Regulatory Authorities that relate to Product quality shall not be governed 
by this Section 8.4 and shall be subject to the Quality Agreements, and (2) 
any communications with Regulatory Authorities or documents and written 
communications submitted to Regulatory Authorities that relate to 
pharmacovigilance shall not be governed by this Section 8.4 and shall be 
subject to ARTICLE 9 until the Pharmacovigilance Agreement becomes 
effective and thereafter shall be subject to the Pharmacovigilance 
Agreement.
 
8.5 	If any material alterations, modifications or amendments of this 
Agreement or modification of the Product are required to comply with the 
request of any Regulatory Authority as prerequisites for the continuation 
of the Marketing Authorization or the grant or the continuation of the 
Registration of the Product, or if the Marketing Authorization or 
Registrations are suspended or withdrawn by any said Regulatory Authority, 
each Party shall notify the other Party immediately and the Parties shall 
use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to agree upon a reasonable and mutually 
acceptable resolution thereof.
 
8.6 	ARIAD US may retain a copy of, and have ongoing access to, the 
Marketing Authorization for the Product granted by the European Medicines 
Agency existing as at the Effective Date, together with the certificates of 
pharmaceutical product and full dossier relating thereto (the EMA MA) and 
to all supplements, amendments and revisions occurring after the Effective 
Date (EMA MA Updates), provided that in the case of any supplement, 
amendment or revision that is made as a result of Development for which 
ARIAD US is to pay costs pursuant to Sections 5.5, 5.7.3 or 5.9, then ARIAD 
US shall only receive such EMA MA Updates provided ARIAD US has made such 
payments under Section 5.5, 5.7.3 or 5.9 (as applicable). Subject to the 
foregoing, ARIAD SWISSCO, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby 
grants to ARIAD US and its Affiliates a right of reference, with the right 
to grant further rights of reference to ARIAD US licensees of rights to 
register and commercialize the Product in the Reserved Territory, under 
suchEMA MA and any EMA MA Updates, in each case to enable ARIAD US and its 
Affiliates to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and to register and commercialize the Product in the Reserved 
Territory.


ARTICLE 9  PHARMACOVIGILANCE
 
9.1 	
ARIAD US shall own and manage the global safety database for the Product 
and ARIAD US or its Affiliates shall be responsible for the timely 
reporting of all relevant adverse drug reactions/experiences, including 
those associated with Product quality complaints, and aggregate safety data 
relating to the Product, outside the Territory. ARIAD US shall provide 
ARIAD SWISSCO with extracts from the global safety database upon request of 
ARIAD SWISSCO. Reconciliation between the data contained in the ARIAD 
SWISSCO and ARIAD US safety databases shall be conducted periodically in 
accordance with the separate Pharmacovigilance Agreement. ARIAD SWISSCO 
will procure that the MAH in each country within the Territory shall be 
responsible for the timely reporting of all relevant post marketing adverse 
drug reactions/experiences, including those associated with Product quality 
complaints, and aggregate safety data relating to the Product, in
 
35
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 accordance with local pharmacovigilance legislation within the 
Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO will have the right to independently audit the 
global safety database to ensure that their MAH obligations can be 
fulfilled.
 
9.2 	ARIAD US shall be responsible for global medical surveillance, risk 
management, global medical literature review and monitoring, and responses 
for the Product to the appropriate Regulatory Authorities outside the 
Territory. ARIAD US shall be responsible for the interpretation, in light 
of ARIAD USs global pharmacovigilance data, of adverse events in the 
Territory of which ARIAD US becomes aware, including adverse events 
reported to ARIAD US by ARIAD SWISSCO or the relevant ARIAD SWISSCO 
Sublicensee. ARIAD SWISSCO will procure that the MAH in each country in the 
Territory shall be responsible for local medical surveillance, risk 
management, medical literature review and monitoring within such country of 
the Territory, and responses to the appropriate Regulatory Authorities 
within the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO will procure that the MAH in each 
country in the Territory shall provide an English-translated copy of the 
final responses to Regulatory Authorities to ARIAD US.
 
9.3 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall, and shall procure each MAH in each country in the 
Territory, implement and execute local Product-specific risk management 
activities, in collaboration with ARIAD USs PV department, that are 
aligned with ARIAD USs global risk management strategies.
 
9.4 	Further details of the Parties respective pharmacovigilance 
obligations and responsibilities (e.g., signal management, case processing 
and reporting, aggregate reporting, risk management, health authority 
responses, safety data exchange, etc.) shall be set forth in a 
pharmacovigilance agreement that will be agreed to by the Parties (and 
their respective Affiliate(s), as appropriate) within [***] after the 
Effective Date (as it may be amended from time to time, the 
Pharmacovigilance Agreement). In the event of a conflict between the terms 
of the Pharmacovigilance Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the 
provisions of this Agreement shall govern; provided, however, that the 
Pharmacovigilance Agreement shall govern in respect of pharmacovigilance, 
including safety and risk management, matters.
 
9.5 	
Prior to executing the Pharmacovigilance Agreement, the Parties agree to 
work together in good faith to coordinate activities regarding 
pharmacovigilance with respect to the Product in accordance with this 
ARTICLE 9, including by exchanging standard operating procedures and other 
information relevant to such pharmacovigilance activities as mutually 
agreed by the Parties. ARIAD US shall provide ARIAD SWISSCO with access to 
all pharmacovigilance related standard operating procedures (local and 
global) required in Territory and ARIAD SWISSCO shall procure that such 
standard operating procedures shall remain in place and be used by ARIAD 
SWISSCO until ARIAD SWISSCO transitions all pharmacovigilance standard 
operating procedures in accordance with the Pharmacovigilance Agreement. 
Without limiting the foregoing, prior to executing the Pharmacovigilance 
Agreement, in the event ARIAD SWISSCO or the relevant ARIAD SWISSCO 
Sublicensee receives reports of adverse drug reactions/experiences or 
safety data relating to the Product (Safety Information) ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall send the Safety Information to ARIAD US on source documents, or other 
mutually agreed format, via email or fax as soon as practicable,
 
36
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 but, in any event, after it receives the Safety Information, and, in 
the event ARIAD SWISSCO or a Sublicensee receives any information 
concerning any investigation, inquiry or other action by any Regulatory 
Authority concerning the safety of the Product, ARIAD SWISSCO shall send 
such information to ARIAD US via email or fax as soon as possible, but in 
any event, after ARIAD SWISSCO receives notice of such regulatory request, 
inquiry or other action. Neither Party shall respond to any Regulatory 
Authority request or inquiry relating to the safety of the Product without 
discussing the issue with the other Party to the extent reasonably feasible 
in context of relevant timelines applicable to such responses and to the 
extent reasonably likely that such responses would impact the Marketing 
Authorization or be materially relevant for the Regulatory Authorities in 
the other Partys Territory.


ARTICLE 10  SUPPLY, FORECASTS AND ORDERING
 
10.1 	As soon as practicable but no later than [***] after the Effective 
Date, the Parties shall, through a project team or subcommittee of the JSC, 
negotiate in good faith and agree on the terms of (i) a definitive 
agreement pursuant to which ARIAD US shall Manufacture and supply (or have 
Manufactured and supplied) Product as API or Unlabeled Bottles to ARIAD 
SWISSCO or its Affiliates for Final Manufacture as needed for 
Commercialization in the Territory (Supply Agreement) and (ii) a related 
Quality Agreement. Pending finalization of the Supply Agreement, the 
transitional supply of Product shall be made on the terms set out in 
Sections 10.2 to and including ARTICLE 14 and the terms of the Interim 
Quality Agreement in place (Transitional Supply Arrangements). The terms 
of the Transitional Supply Arrangements shall form the basis for the Supply 
Agreement and Quality Agreement.
 
10.2 	Product shall be supplied and may be ordered and Manufactured as 
follows:
 
  	10.2.1 	At any time during the Term until ARIAD SWISSCO commences [***], 
ARIAD US will supply [***] of Product ordered by ARIAD SWISSCO pursuant to 
the terms of this Agreement.
 
  	10.2.2 	At any time during the Term until ARIAD SWISSCO has [***], ARIAD 
US will supply [***] ordered by ARIAD SWISSCO pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, and ARIAD SWISSCO shall have the right to conduct Final 
Manufacturing of such [***] for purposes of Commercialization in the 
Territory.
 
  	10.2.3 	Beginning on a date notified to ARIAD US by ARIAD SWISSCO once 
ARIAD SWISSCO or its Subcontractor are ready to [***] Manufacturing 
Technology Transfer [***] ARIAD US shall supply [***] ordered by ARIAD 
SWISSCO pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and ARIAD SWISSCO shall 
have the right to conduct [***] for purposes of Commercialization in the 
Territory.
 
10.3 	
Within [***] after the Effective Date and in the [***] of each [***] 
thereafter, ARIAD SWISSCO shall provide ARIAD US with a written [***] 
rolling Forecast of its anticipated quarterly requirements for the Product 
([***]) in the Territory (each a Forecast). ARIAD US shall use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to ensure sufficient manufacturing capacity 
and Raw Materials to meet each Forecast. Each
 
37
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Forecast is a non-binding estimate for [***] and subject to Section 
10.4 is binding on both Parties for [***]. ARIAD US shall not be obliged to 
Manufacture or supply ARIAD SWISSCO with quantities of the Product in 
excess of the binding portion of the most recent Forecast.
 
10.4 	Within [***] of issuance of each Forecast the Parties will ensure 
that appropriate personnel of each of them responsible for manufacture and 
supply will discuss proposed batch runs and Delivery dates, which shall be 
within [***] in which the binding portion of the Forecast relates, and for 
the quantities of Product set out in the binding portion of that Forecast. 
ARIAD SWISSCO shall then promptly submit to ARIAD US and ARIAD US shall 
accept written purchase orders reflecting the binding portion of the 
Forecast, in such form as the Parties shall agree from time to time, 
specifying the quantities of Product ordered and, the agreed delivery date 
for the order. ARIAD SWISSCO shall submit each purchase order to ARIAD US 
in advance of the desired delivery date specified in such purchase order, 
with [***] lead time. Any purchase orders for Product submitted by ARIAD 
SWISSCO to ARIAD US shall reference this Agreement and shall be governed 
exclusively by the terms contained herein. The Parties hereby agree that 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall supersede any term or 
condition in any order, confirmation or other document furnished by ARIAD 
SWISSCO or ARIAD US that is in any way inconsistent with, or supplementary 
to, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, unless expressly accepted 
in writing by the other Party.
 
10.5 	When ARIAD US [***] for ARIAD SWISSCO, ARIAD US shall carry a [***] 
sufficient to avoid [***] in the Territory in the event of [***]. In 
addition, whether ARIAD US is [***] for ARIAD SWISSCO, ARIAD US shall, with 
effect from the Effective Date, carry a safety stock of Product API 
allocated to the Territory, in accordance with past practice but in any 
event equal to not less than [***] projected requirement of [***] for ARIAD 
SWISSCO based on the most recent [***] and discussions between the Parties. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, such safety stock shall be [***] 
and identified as ARIAD SWISSCO [***].
 
10.6 	The price for the Manufacture of the Product shall be calculated as 
[***]. ARIAD US shall invoice ARIAD SWISSCO upon each Delivery of Product 
supplied under this Agreement and ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay the undisputed 
amounts of such invoice within [***] of receipt of such invoice. ARIAD US 
must include with each invoice a detailed calculation of the invoiced 
amount including details of the associated Direct Costs, Indirect Costs and 
any Third Party costs.    ARIAD US shall keep complete and accurate books, 
records and accounts in accordance with all Applicable Laws and sound 
accounting practice covering all its Direct Costs, Indirect Costs and any 
Third Party costs and as otherwise may be necessary for the purpose of 
calculating all payments due to ARIAD US under this Section 10.6. ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall have the right, throughout any period during which payments 
are due under this under this Section 10.6 and for [***] thereafter, at 
reasonable times during business hours and upon reasonable notice to ARIAD 
US, to have ARIAD USs books, records and accounts inspected and audited by 
one of the four major accounting firms to be appointed by ARIAD SWISSCO and 
reasonably acceptable to ARIAD US, to ensure the accuracy of all reports 
and payments made hereunder and in respect of all [***]. Such audit shall 
be covered by confidentiality obligations of the auditor. ARIAD US shall 
cooperate with the independent auditor and make available all work papers 
and other information related to the payments required under this Section 
10.6 as reasonably requested in connection.
 
38
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.7 	In the event of any [***] in the available supply of Product, ARIAD 
US shall treat ARIAD SWISSCOs demand [***] or [***] and, allocate 
manufacturing capacity to the respective demand on a [***]; provided, that 
the foregoing supply on a [***] does not limit any other remedies ARIAD 
SWISSCO may have due to a failure to supply under this Agreement or the 
Supply Agreement. ARIAD US shall promptly provide a written plan of action 
stating in reasonable detail the root cause of any [***] and proposed 
measures to remedy the [***] and the date such [***] is expected to end. 
ARIAD US shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to minimize the duration 
of any [***]; provided, that the foregoing efforts of ARIAD US do not limit 
any remedies ARIAD SWISSCO may have due to a failure to supply under this 
Agreement or the Supply Agreements.


ARTICLE 11  SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY
 
11.1 	Delivery Terms.
 
  	11.1.1 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall be the importer of record for all Product 
supplied under this Agreement. ARIAD SWISSCO shall be responsible for 
clearing the Product through customs in the Territory [***]. At all times, 
ARIAD SWISSCO shall maintain, [***], a valid import license for the 
Products, and shall be responsible, [***], for all required documentation 
and communications with the applicable customs office in connection 
therewith. ARIAD US shall provide assistance with such documentation and 
communications upon ARIAD SWISSCOs reasonable request (e.g., by providing 
export documents or assisting with documentation as the exporter of the 
Product.) In this Section 11.1, any obligation on ARIAD SWISSCO may be 
performed by a Sub-licensee or Subcontractor.
 
  	11.1.2 	ARIAD US shall deliver the Product ordered by ARIAD SWISSCO in 
accordance with the quantities and delivery dates specified in the 
applicable purchase order. If ARIAD US fails to deliver at least [***] of 
the quantity ordered in a given purchase order within [***] of the 
specified delivery date, ARIAD SWISSCO shall only be required to pay for 
the quantity of Product Delivered and the price for such Product shall be 
reduced by [***].
 
  	11.1.3 	Deliveries shall be made Ex Works (Incoterms 2010) at the 
location specified in the Interim Quality Agreement or such other location 
as the Parties may agree in writing (Delivery). Title and risk to the 
Product shall pass to ARIAD SWISSCO upon Delivery.
 
11.2 	Acceptance and Rejection.
 
  	11.2.1 	
Product Testing. No later than [***] prior to a scheduled Delivery ARIAD US 
shall send to ARIAD SWISSCO the Delivery Documents for review. Following 
such review, unless within [***] of receipt of the Delivery Documents ARIAD 
SWISSCO gives written notice of rejection of the Product to be delivered, 
stating the reasons for such rejection, the Delivery
 
39
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 shall proceed, and both Parties shall organize the same. Upon arrival 
at ARIAD SWISSCO nominated site it shall visually inspect the shipment of 
the Product to identify any damage to the external packaging. ARIAD SWISSCO 
may reject any shipment (or portion thereof) of the Product that is damaged 
by providing to ARIAD US reasonable evidence of damage within [***] after 
Delivery of such Product. If ARIAD SWISSCO does not so reject any shipment 
(or portion thereof) of the Product within [***] of Delivery of such 
Product, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be deemed to have accepted such shipment of 
the Product; provided, however, that in the case of the Product having any 
Latent Defect, ARIAD SWISSCO shall notify ARIAD US promptly once it becomes 
aware that a Product contains a Latent Defect and subsequently may reject 
such Product by giving written notice to ARIAD US of ARIAD SWISSCOs 
rejection of such Product and shipping a representative sample of such 
Product or other evidence of Non-Conformance to ARIAD US within [***] after 
becoming aware of such Latent Defect, which notice shall include a 
description of the Latent Defect.
 
  	11.2.2 	Replacement of Product and Dispute Procedure. If ARIAD SWISSCO 
rejects, in accordance with Section 11.2.1 any proposed delivery or 
shipment (or portion thereof) of the Product as Non-Conforming and ARIAD US 
disagrees that the alleged Non-Conformance exists, ARIAD US shall so notify 
ARIAD SWISSCO in writing (an Objection Notice) within [***] of receipt of 
ARIAD SWISSCOs notice of rejection and the following procedures shall 
apply: in the case of a Latent Defect ARIAD US shall inspect the returned 
representative sample of Product or other evidence of Non-Conformance and 
attempt to reach agreement with ARIAD SWISSCO as to whether or not the 
Product is Non-Conforming. If ARIAD SWISSCO and ARIAD US fail within [***] 
after delivery of the Objection Notice to agree as to whether the Product 
is Non-Conforming, in the case of a Latent Defect representative samples of 
the batch of the Product in question and their reference samples shall be 
submitted to a mutually-acceptable, independent, qualified Third Party 
laboratory or consultant for analysis or review to determine whether there 
is a Non-Conformance. For clarity, this may include a decision whether or 
not contamination is present. The results of such evaluation shall be 
binding upon the Parties. The Parties initially shall [***] the cost of 
such evaluation, except that the Party that is determined to have been 
incorrect in its determination of whether the Product was or was not 
Non-Conforming shall assume the responsibility for, and pay, the costs of 
any such evaluation and reimburse the other Party for any amounts 
previously paid to the independent laboratory or consultant in connection 
with that determination.
 
  	11.2.3 	
Cost of Replacement of Rejected Product. If any delivery or shipment of the 
Product is rejected by ARIAD SWISSCO following review of the Delivery 
Documents or a visual inspection or any other alleged Non-Conformance, 
ARIAD SWISSCOs duty to pay all amounts payable to ARIAD US in respect of 
the rejected Product shall be suspended. In the case of Latent Defect 
Non-Conformance if there is a determination by the
 
40
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 independent laboratory or consultant in support of ARIAD USs Objection 
Notice, or the Parties otherwise reach agreement that the Product was not 
Non-Conforming, payment shall then be made by ARIAD SWISSCO If only a 
portion of a shipment is rejected, ARIAD SWISSCOs duty to pay the amount 
allocable to the Non-Conforming portion only shall be suspended.
 
  	11.2.4 	Return of Rejected Product. If a shipment or partial shipment is 
rejected by ARIAD SWISSCO pursuant to the provisions of Section 11.2.1 and 
(i) where relevant, ARIAD US does not provide an Objection Notice within 
the [***] period set forth in Section 11.2.2, (ii) the Parties agree that 
the Product is Non-Conforming within the [***] period set forth in Section 
11.2.2, or (iii) there is a determination by the independent laboratory or 
consultant in support of ARIAD SWISSCOs allegation of Non-Conformance, 
ARIAD SWISSCO shall return to ARIAD US at ARIAD USs request and expense 
(or, at the election of ARIAD US, destroy at ARIAD USs cost and provide 
evidence of such destruction to ARIAD US) any such rejected Product 
(provided that if the Product has been packaged by or on behalf of ARIAD 
SWISSCO at the time of rejection, ARIAD SWISSCO shall not be obliged to 
remove any packaging prior to its return). ARIAD US shall (i) credit the 
original invoice in respect of the rejected Product and reimburse ARIAD 
SWISSCO for any duties, freight, insurance, handling or other charges 
incurred by ARIAD SWISSCO in respect of such rejected Product, and (ii) 
adjust the invoice to ARIAD SWISSCO for the Product that was not rejected, 
payment of which is due in accordance with the terms of the original 
invoice. Except as set forth in ARTICLES 14 and 22, such credit or 
adjustment shall be ARIAD USs sole Liability, and ARIAD SWISSCOs sole 
remedy, with respect to any rejected Product.
 
  	11.2.5 	Supply of Replacement Product. During any rejection discussions, 
upon ARIAD SWISSCOs request, ARIAD US shall supply ARIAD SWISSCO with 
additional Product, using expedited shipping at ARIAD USs expense, which 
ARIAD SWISSCO shall otherwise purchase on the same terms (adjusted for 
credit for Non-Conforming Product) as the Product that is the subject of 
the rejection discussions.
 
  	11.2.6 	Detection of Latent Defect by ARIAD US. If ARIAD US detects a 
Latent Defect in any Product supplied to ARIAD SWISSCO, ARIAD US shall 
notify ARIAD SWISSCO in writing, specifying the affected lots, and credit 
ARIAD SWISSCO for the Non-Conforming Product as provided in Section 11.2.4.
 
  	11.2.7 	No Product Returns Policy. Except as expressly provided 
elsewhere in this Section 11.2 or in ARTICLE 14, no Products supplied by or 
on behalf of ARIAD US to ARIAD SWISSCO may be returned by ARIAD SWISSCO to 
ARIAD US after they have been Delivered to ARIAD SWISSCO at the location 
designated under Section 11.1.3.
 
41
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 12  MANUFACTURING OF THE PRODUCT
 
12.1 	Manufacture of the Product. ARIAD US shall Manufacture or have 
Manufactured the Labeled Bottles, Unlabeled Bottles and API in accordance 
with the Specifications, cGMP and Applicable Laws in the country of 
Manufacture and, to the extent applicable, in the Territory.
 
12.2 	Packaging. ARIAD US shall package the Product in accordance with the 
Specifications and requirements notified to it with sufficient advance 
notice by ARIAD SWISSCO to comply with Applicable Laws.
 
12.3 	
Changes to the Specifications or to the Manufacturing Process. If ARIAD US 
proposes (a) a change to the Specifications or the Raw Materials, equipment 
(other than changes for maintenance, repair, and like-for-like 
replacement) or process used to Manufacture the Product, or (b) a change to 
the procedures or facilities used to Manufacture the Product (collectively, 
the Manufacturing Process) that, in the case of (a) or (b) would require 
approval of any applicable Regulatory Authority in the Territory or would 
require an amendment of any Marketing Authorization application or 
Registration, the prior written approval of ARIAD SWISSCO is required 
before implementation of such change. If a change to the Specifications, 
Raw Materials, equipment or Manufacturing Process is required by one or 
more Regulatory Authorities or regulatory authorities outside the Territory 
or shall be applied globally, including for the manufacture of Products 
inside and outside the Territory, and if such change would require approval 
of any Regulatory Authority in the Territory or an amendment of any 
Marketing Authorization application or Registration, ARIAD US shall provide 
ARIAD SWISSCO with all information needed to amend the Marketing 
Authorization application or Registration and/or obtain the approval of the 
Regulatory Authority, as applicable, and the Parties shall cooperate with 
each other in obtaining any necessary modifications to any Registrations in 
the Territory to allow such change to be implemented. If the proposed 
change is required by a Regulatory Authority, then such notice shall 
include disclosure of the Regulatory Authority request and relevant 
correspondence. If any change to the Specifications, Raw Materials, 
equipment or Manufacturing Process is not required by any Regulatory 
Authority outside the Territory and shall not be applied globally and would 
require approval of any Regulatory Authority in the Territory or an 
amendment of any Marketing Authorization application or Registration, ARIAD 
US shall provide advanced written notice to ARIAD SWISSCO and shall consult 
with ARIAD SWISSCO regarding the implementation of such change. If the 
change is required by a Regulatory Authority inside the Territory but not 
in any other part of the world, [***] of implementing such change. If the 
change proposed by ARIAD US is required only by one or more regulatory 
authorities outside the Territory, or is not required by any Regulatory 
Authority, [***] of implementing such change. If the change is required by 
one or more Regulatory Authorities inside the Territory and by one or more 
regulatory authorities outside the Territory, [***]. For the avoidance of 
doubt, [***] of implementing a change to the Specifications, Raw Materials, 
equipment or Manufacturing Process if such change is mandated by a 
Regulatory Authority inside the Territory, and [***] of implementing such a 
change that is not mandated by any Regulatory Authority, including any such 
non-mandated change that ARIAD SWISSCO approves and that requires an 
amendment of a Marketing Authorization application or Registration or 
approval of a Regulatory Authority in the
 
42
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Territory. For clarity, ARIAD US shall have the right, [***], to change 
equipment for maintenance, repair, and like-for-like replacement, and to 
make other changes that ARIAD US reasonably determines shall not require 
approval of any Regulatory Authority or affect the Marketing Authorization 
application(s) or Registration(s) in the Territory, without notice to or 
consent of ARIAD SWISSCO. Further for clarity, the Quality Agreements shall 
contain change control procedures, and any changes made to the 
Specifications, Raw Materials, equipment or Manufacturing Process shall be 
made in accordance with the Quality Agreements and in compliance with cGMP 
and Applicable Laws.
 
12.4 	Final Manufacturing. Subject to Section 10.2.1, with effect from the 
Effective Date, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be responsible for the Final 
Manufacturing of all Product, including performing secondary packaging, 
labeling and providing product inserts and final release and stability 
testing in accordance with the Marketing Authorization and Regulatory 
Requirements in the country in the Territory that is the intended market 
for such lot of Product, and in accordance with all Applicable Laws.
 
12.5 	Inspections. At ARIAD SWISSCOs request, ARIAD US will authorize 
ARIAD SWISSCO or its representatives, during normal business hours (or at 
other times for cause), to review documents including but not limited to: 
completed manufacturing batch records, analytical results for product 
release and stability, associated manufacturing standard operating 
procedures and other standard operating procedures that are associated with 
maintenance of the process, facility and personnel in accordance with 
cGMPs, and observe the Manufacture of Product to confirm ARIAD USs 
compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement. 
ARIAD US will notify ARIAD SWISSCO within [***] of all contacts with 
Regulatory Authorities (written or verbal) related to each Product. ARIAD 
US shall inform ARIAD SWISSCO of the result of any regulatory inspection 
which directly affects the Manufacture of a Product, including any notice 
of inspection, notice of violation or other similar notice received by 
ARIAD US affecting Manufacturing, facility, testing, storage or handling of 
a Product. In the event of an FDA inspection which directly involves a 
Product, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be immediately informed of the issuance of the 
Notice of Inspection (FDA Form 482). In the event that there are 
inspectional observations (FDA Form 483), ARIAD SWISSCO shall be informed 
immediately and shall have the opportunity to review and provide ARIAD US 
with comments to ARIAD USs response. ARIAD SWISSCO shall provide its 
comments to the response of these observations within [***]. The contents 
of ARIAD USs response shall be determined by ARIAD US in its sole 
discretion. ARIAD US agrees to reasonably cooperate with applicable 
Regulatory Authorities and shall permit reasonable Product-specific 
inspections by such Regulatory Authorities.


ARTICLE 13  QUALITY ASSURANCE
 
13.1 	Quality. The details of quality obligations and responsibilities of 
the Parties, including responsibility for submissions of reports to 
Regulatory Authorities, shall be set forth in one or more separate quality 
technical agreements (each, a Quality Agreement). As of the Effective 
Date the Parties will enter into an interim quality agreement in relation 
to the Transitional Supply Arrangements (Interim Quality Agreement). The 
Parties shall negotiate to agree a further Quality Agreement to be signed 
concurrently with the Supply Agreement and, once executed, that Quality 
Agreement shall supersede and replace the Interim Quality Agreement.
 
43
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 14 - RECALLS AND PRODUCT WITHDRAWAL
 
14.1 	Notice. Each Party shall make every reasonable effort to notify the 
other Party promptly following the first Partys determination that any 
event, incident, or circumstance has occurred that may result in the need 
for a Product Withdrawal anywhere in the world or a Recall anywhere in the 
world. Such Party shall include in such notice the reasoning behind such 
determination, and any supporting facts.
 
14.2 	Product Withdrawal. With respect to a Product Withdrawal within the 
Territory, immediately after receipt of such notification, the JSC (or its 
co-chairpersons) shall discuss and, unless the Product Withdrawal is 
mandated by a Regulatory Authority, shall attempt to agree on whether to 
voluntarily implement the Product Withdrawal within the Territory. If a 
Regulatory Authority mandates that the Product Withdrawal within the 
Territory be implemented then ARIAD SWISSCO, in consultation with ARIAD US, 
shall initiate the Product Withdrawal within the Territory as and to the 
extent mandated by the Regulatory Authority and in compliance with 
Applicable Laws. In the case of a Product Withdrawal that is not mandated 
by Regulatory Authority, if the JSC (or its co-chairpersons) fail(s) to 
agree within a reasonably appropriate time period (depending upon the 
circumstances) whether to voluntarily implement or undertake a Product 
Withdrawal within the Territory, then ARIAD SWISSCO and/or the MAH shall 
have the right to make the determination whether or not to voluntarily 
implement such Product Withdrawal within the Territory; provided that, to 
the extent practicable prior to deciding to initiate a Product Withdrawal 
within the Territory, ARIAD SWISSCO shall or shall procure that the 
relevant MAH shall consider ARIAD USs reasonable comments in good faith. 
ARIAD SWISSCO or its Sublicensees shall carry out such Product Withdrawal 
activities in consultation with ARIAD US, in a manner which enables the 
Parties to meet their respective Regulatory Requirements as expeditiously 
as possible, and in compliance with all Applicable Laws. In the event of a 
mandated or voluntary Product Withdrawal in the Territory, the Parties will 
consider whether such action is necessary also in the Reserved Territory. 
If either Party or the relevant MAH does not choose to undertake a 
voluntary Product Withdrawal in its respective territory, despite the other 
Partys written recommendation that such Product Withdrawal should be 
undertaken, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such 
Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party from and against 
any Losses that may arise or result thereafter from such Partys failure to 
undertake such Product Withdrawal following such written recommendation 
from the other Party pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 22.3.
 
14.3 	
Recall. If a Regulatory Authority mandates that a Recall be implemented or 
undertaken by ARIAD SWISSCO in the Territory or by ARIAD US in the Reserved 
Territory, then ARIAD SWISSCO and/or the relevant Sublicensee, in 
consultation with ARIAD US (in the case of Recalls in the Territory) or 
ARIAD US and/or the relevant licensee, in consultation with ARIAD SWISSCO 
(in the case of Recalls in the Reserved Territory), shall initiate the 
Recall as and to the extent mandated by the Regulatory Authority and in 
compliance with Applicable Laws. With respect to a
 
44
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Recall in the Territory that is not mandated by a Regulatory Authority, 
(i) the Parties JSC co-chairs shall discuss and attempt to agree on 
whether to voluntarily implement the Recall and (ii) if the Parties JSC 
co-chairs fail to agree within a reasonably appropriate time period 
(depending upon the circumstances), then ARIAD SWISSCO shall have the right 
to make the determination whether or not to voluntarily implement a Recall 
in the Territory and ARIAD US shall have the right to make the 
determination whether or not to voluntarily implement a Recall in the 
Reserved Territory.
 
14.4 	Expenses. [***], unless and to the extent the Recall or Product 
Withdrawal is based on the fault of [***], including in relation to 
Manufacture in which case such [***].


ARTICLE 15  COMMERCIALIZATION OF THE PRODUCT
 
15.1 	Commercialization Plan. The Parties shall annually update their part 
of the Commercialization Plan for the following Calendar Year before a 
mutually agreeable date prior to December 31 in the preceding year. The JCC 
shall consider and discuss the revised plans, and ARIAD SWISSCO shall 
consider in good faith the input of ARIAD US on the ARIAD SWISSCO part of 
the Commercialization Plan for the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO shall use 
Commercially Reasonable Efforts to implement its part of the then current 
Commercialization Plan.
 
15.2 	Commercialization Efforts. ARIAD SWISSCO shall either itself or 
through its Affiliates, Sublicensees or Subcontractors, have the sole right 
to Commercialize the Product [***] and in accordance with applicable cGMP 
and any other Applicable Laws and Industry Guidelines in each country of 
the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO will conduct, as it deems appropriate, 
marketing and medical affairs activities to support the Commercialization 
of the Product in the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO and its Affiliates will 
devote the following [***] to cover all [***] of their [***] business as a 
whole for the Product, [***] (it being understood that (a) such commercial 
costs will include a [***] of the Product [***] based on the number of 
products they carry, (b) such medical affairs costs will include costs only 
for [***] who support Product or work in CML or other approved indications 
of Product, and (c) both [***] will exclude Third Party costs that are not 
meaningfully related to the Product): [***] for calendar year [***] and for 
each year thereafter until the earlier of (a) the expiration of the Full 
Royalty Term in the last to expire country of the countries listed in 
Appendix 1.167 Part B or (b) the launch of a Generic Product in any of 
[***], the [***] will remain at [***] of Net Sales unless the Net Sales of 
Product by ARIAD SWISSCO in the Territory in calendar year [***] or in any 
calendar year thereafter is less than the Net Sales of Product by ARIAD 
SWISSCO in the Territory in calendar year [***], in which case the 
percentage of Net Sales applicable for such calendar shall be [***]. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the [***] for each calendar year from 
calendar year [***] through the earlier of (i) expiration of the Full 
Royalty Term in the last to expire country of the countries listed in 
Appendix 1.167 Part B or (ii) the launch of a Generic Product in any of 
[***] for each such calendar year. ARIAD SWISSCO will provide ARIAD US 
within [***] of calendar year end, an annual report of its commercial and 
medical expenses in support of Product, such report to contain the total 
[***], and other such details that the Parties mutually agree.
 
45
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
15.3 	Promotion. The Parties shall meet on a periodic basis, through the 
JCC, to (i) review and discuss the global Product communication 
strategy/brand positioning (Global Product Positioning) for the Product 
(as proposed by ARIAD US with input from ARIAD SWISSCO as well as other 
Product partners globally) (ii) discuss marketing strategies in their 
respective territories, (iii) discuss planned marketing/promotional 
activities at international medical/scientific meetings/conferences in 
either Partys territories. ARIAD SWISSCO shall be entitled to use all 
existing print marketing, advertising and promotional materials, brand plan 
and strategy used in respect of the Product in the Territory, and all 
training manuals currently used for ARIAD SWISSCOs medical science 
liaisons and sales representatives as at the Effective Date. Any new 
materials shall be developed and prepared by ARIAD SWISSCO in its sole 
discretion, provided that ARIAD SWISSCO shall consider Global Product 
Positioning when preparing such materials and, upon written request by 
ARIAD US, provide a courtesy copy of such materials to ARIAD US. ARIAD US 
shall provide a courtesy copy of any new print marketing, advertising and 
promotional materials that it may develop to ARIAD SWISSCO. Each Party 
shall have the right to purchase stock of the other Partys print 
marketing, advertising and promotional materials on mutually agreeable 
terms.
 
15.4 	Independent Contractor. ARIAD SWISSCO shall make clear in all 
dealings with its actual and prospective Customers that it is selling the 
Product in its own name and for its own account as an independent 
contractor and not as agent of ARIAD US.
 
15.5 	Use of Internet.
 
  	15.5.1 	All of ARIAD SWISSCOs internet marketing, advertising and 
promotional materials concerning the Product, the ARIAD US Trademarks 
and/or ARIAD US shall be developed and prepared by ARIAD SWISSCO in its 
sole discretion, provided that ARIAD SWISSCO will consider Global Product 
Positioning when performing such development.
 
  	15.5.2 	ARIAD US may grant to ARIAD SWISSCO the right to operate a 
website under a domain name registered in the name of ARIAD US and relevant 
to or which contains information about ARIAD US, the Product, and the 
Trademarks, subject to terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
  	15.5.3 	In the event that any Applicable Law or regulation in the 
Territory requires the domain name of any website relevant to the Product, 
the Trademarks and/or ARIAD US to be registered in the name of ARIAD 
SWISSCO or an Affiliate, then any such domain name shall be registered in 
the name of ARIAD SWISSCO or Affiliate as legally required. All such 
content shall be or shall become the exclusive property of ARIAD US. Upon 
expiration or termination of the Agreement ARIAD SWISSCO and its Affiliates 
agree to execute any and all further documentation required to ensure that 
all such content and all copyright in such content is owned by ARIAD US. To 
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be required to 
assign to ARIAD US or its designee all domain name registrations containing 
the name of the Compound, the Product, the ARIAD US Trademarks or the name 
ARIAD US, or variants thereof, upon the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. Neither ARIAD SWISSCO nor its Affiliate may assign or license 
any such domain name to any other Third Party.
 
46
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 16  BUY-BACK OPTION
 
16.1 	If ARIAD US undergoes a Change of Control prior to six (6) years from 
the Effective Date, ARIAD USs successor (ARIAD US Successor) shall have 
the right, within [***] of the effective date of the Change of Control to 
elect to terminate this Agreement and all ancillary arrangements relating 
thereto earlier than the expiry of the Term (the Buy-Back Option). ARIAD 
US Successor shall exercise such Buy-Back Option by giving notice in 
writing (Termination Notice) to ARIAD SWISSCO, specifying (i) the 
proposed date of early termination, which (A) in the case of a Termination 
Notice prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, shall be the 
third anniversary of the Effective Date, and (B) in all other cases shall 
be the one-year anniversary of Termination Notice, in each case such 
termination not to be effectuated later than seven (7) years after 
Effective Date and (ii) whether payment option (A) or (B) set forth in 
Section 16.2 is elected. On the sixth (6th) anniversary of the Effective 
Date, the right to give a Termination Notice in order to exercise the 
Buy-Back Option shall expire and ARIAD US Successor shall have no right to 
terminate this License Agreement and all ancillary arrangements relating 
thereto pursuant to this ARTICLE 16.
 
16.2 	Upon exercise of the Buy-Back Option, ARIAD US Successor shall prior 
to and as a condition to termination of this Agreement, pay to ARIAD 
SWISSCO (i) an amount equal to the Purchase Price (as defined in the Share 
Purchase Agreement) plus all milestone and Development Costs previously 
paid by ARIAD SWISSCO to ARIAD US or ARIAD US Successor pursuant to this 
Agreement; and (ii) at ARIAD US Successors election in the Termination 
Notice, either (A) an amount equal to [***] Net Sales of the Product of 
ARIAD SWISSCO for the twelve (12) month period ending upon termination of 
this Agreement and a payment of twenty-five percent (25%) of Net Sales of 
the Product sold by ARIAD US Successor, its affiliates and sublicensees in 
the Territory with effect from the date of termination of this Agreement; 
or (B) an amount equal to [***] the Net Sales of the Product recorded in 
the accounts of ARIAD SWISSCO in accordance with applicable accounting 
standards for the twelve (12) month period ending upon termination of this 
Agreement plus a payment of twenty percent (20%) of Net Sales of the 
Product sold by ARIAD US Successor, its affiliates and sublicensees in the 
Territory with effect from the date of termination of this Agreement. The 
payments being a percent Net Sales shall be made during the Full Royalty 
Term, and shall reduce to [***] of Net Sales thereafter for the Reduced 
Royalty Term. Sections 19.2.3, 19.3, 19.5, 19.6, 19.7, 19.9, and 19.10 
shall apply mutatis mutandi to payments on Net Sales made pursuant to this 
Section 16.2 and to ARIAD US Successor in connection therewith. Following 
exercise of the Buy-Back Option, the payment obligations under this Section 
16.2 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and shall be binding 
upon ARIAD US and ARIAD US Successor.
 
16.3 	Following exercise of the Buy-Back Option the Transition Back 
Arrangements will apply, and both Parties shall implement the same.
 
47
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.4 	If, within [***] after the exercise of the Buy-Back Option, ARIAD US 
Successor determines to [***], ARIAD US Successor shall (and ARIAD US shall 
ensure that ARIAD US Successor shall) so notify ARIAD SWISSCO in writing, 
and if ARIAD SWISSCO desires to enter into negotiations with ARIAD US 
Successor with respect to such [***], ARIAD SWISSCO shall so notify ARIAD 
US Successor in writing within [***] of receipt of ARIAD US Successors 
written notice, and in such case the Parties shall enter into exclusive 
good faith negotiations with respect to such [***]. If, notwithstanding 
such negotiations, the Parties are unable to reach a definitive agreement 
within [***] after ARIAD US Successors receipt of ARIAD SWISSCOs written 
notice, then ARIAD US Successor shall be free to negotiate and [***]. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event 
shall the entering into [***] by ARIAD SWISSCO with ARIAD US Successor with 
respect to such rights [***] affect in any manner any of the payments due 
to ARIAD SWISSCO under this ARTICLE 16, unless mutually agreed by ARIAD 
SWISSCO and ARIAD US Successor.


ARTICLE 17  MEDICAL AFFAIRS ACTIVITIES
 
17.1 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall be solely responsible, [***], for medical affairs 
activities in the Territory, including providing medical liaisons, medical 
information and medical education programs and medical publications in the 
Territory, and attending relevant medical or scientific meetings and 
congresses, and shall allocate sufficient, appropriately qualified 
personnel and resources to conduct such activities, as set forth herein. 
Each Party shall have the right to purchase stock of the other Partys 
medical education program materials and medical publications on mutually 
agreeable terms.
 
17.2 	ARIAD SWISSCO will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to ensure that 
its Medical Affairs activities and communications are consistent with the 
Global Product Positioning, and will consider in good faith comments and 
input from ARIAD US to that effect. ARIAD SWISSCO shall appropriately 
disseminate medical information relating to the Compound and the Product in 
accordance with Applicable Laws and in a manner consistent with any medical 
affairs materials provided by ARIAD US to ARIAD SWISSCO in writing, if any 
(provided such materials provided by ARIAD US are compliant with Applicable 
Laws and Industry Guidelines).
 
17.3 	ISTs - General: Subject to the exceptions below, each Party is 
responsible for, at its expense, ISTs in its respective territory. The 
Parties shall review and discuss, through a joint medical affairs team or 
other mutually agreed process, each new proposal for an IST that a Party 
would like to support, and consider in good faith inputs or comments from 
the other Party. Each Party may then proceed with the IST subject to the 
other Partys veto right in Sections 5.6 and 5.7.2.

Existing Contractual ISTs: Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing 
but subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, where ARIAD US has 
entered into binding contractual arrangements prior to the Effective Date 
in respect of the ISTs in the Territory listed in Part A of Appendix 17.3 
(Existing Contractual ISTs), ARIAD US shall [***]. If ARIAD US proposes 
to [***], the Parties shall discuss in good faith whether they would [***] 
as may be agreed between the Parties or whether [***], provided that, 
subject to the following, ARIAD US shall [***] without the [***] of the 
Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ARIAD US shall be entitled to 
[***], by providing [***] to ARIAD SWISSCO, on the grounds that, in ARIAD 
USs [***].
 
48
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ISTs Under Discussion: In respect of ISTs in the Territory which ARIAD US 
has considered but has not entered into binding contractual arrangements 
prior to the Effective Date, a list of which is set out at Part B of 
Appendix 17.3 (Existing Non-Contractual ISTs), the Parties shall discuss 
in good faith whether they [***] as may be agreed between the Parties. In 
the event that ARIAD SWISSCO does not wish to participate in a particular 
Existing Non-Contractual IST [***], ARIAD US shall, [***]. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, ARIAD SWISSCO shall [***].
 
17.4 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall ensure that requests for information by 
Healthcare Professionals are answered in an appropriate, accurate and 
lawful manner by appropriately qualified personnel. Requests for 
information that are inconsistent with the Marketing Authorization for the 
relevant country shall be handled by the medical affairs personnel only.
 
17.5 	ARIAD SWISSCOs medical personnel shall conduct periodic visits to 
clinical trial sites and investigators participating in any Product 
clinical trials in the Territory (including Global Studies, Proposed 
Studies and Ongoing Studies) to support initiation and enrollment through 
the provision of appropriate information and documentation and through 
issue escalation and coordination with clinical research organizations 
involved in the conduct of such studies.


ARTICLE 18  TRADEMARKS
 
18.1 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall use the ARIAD US Trademarks in relation to the 
Development and Commercialization of the Products in the Territory. If in 
any country of the Territory it is not legally possible or it is not 
commercially practicable to use the ARIAD US Trademarks, ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall be allowed to select and use ARIAD SWISSCO Trademarks. All details of 
the reasons for the need to use ARIAD SWISSCO Trademarks and the ARIAD 
SWISSCO Trademarks proposed to be used shall be disclosed to ARIAD US at 
JCC meetings, and ARIAD SWISSCO shall make good faith efforts to take 
account of ARIAD US comments.
 
18.2 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall continue to have the right to sell inventory of 
Product containing reference to ARIAD US corporate names and logos as 
follows. ARIAD SWISSCO shall be permitted to sell any stock or inventory 
existing as of the Effective Date without limitation. ARIAD SWISSCO shall: 
(i) as soon as practicable after the Effective Date, and in any event by no 
later than the date falling [***] following the Effective Date re-design 
the packaging and/or labelling information on the Product which includes 
any ARIAD US corporate names and logos, so that the design and/or labelling 
information for such stock or packaging no longer includes any ARIAD US 
corporate names and logos; and (ii) as soon as practicable following 
receipt of any necessary approval from the applicable Regulatory 
Authorities cease the production and sale of any stock or packaging bearing 
any ARIAD US corporate names and logos; except in each case if the use of 
the ARIAD US corporate names and logos is required by a Regulatory 
Authority or under Applicable Law.
 
49
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
18.3 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall use the ARIAD US Trademarks only and exclusively 
in connection with and for the purpose of the Commercialization of the 
Product in the Field in the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO acknowledges that it 
shall not be entitled to any rights whatsoever in the ARIAD US Trademarks 
or ARIAD USs corporate name or logo except as required by a Regulatory 
Authority or under Applicable Law or as is specifically granted pursuant to 
this Agreement.
 
18.4 	The ARIAD US Trademarks shall always be used together with the sign 
R or the sign TM or such other customary symbol or legend that 
correctly identifies the status of the ARIAD US Trademark (i.e., registered 
or unregistered) in the Territory.
 
18.5 	Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as giving 
ARIAD SWISSCO the right to use any of the ARIAD US Trademarks or the name 
or logo of ARIAD US outside the Territory or for any other product than the 
Product and solely in the Field. ARIAD SWISSCO recognizes the exclusive 
ownership rights of ARIAD US in and to the ARIAD US Trademarks and the name 
and logo of ARIAD US and acknowledges that it shall not acquire any 
ownership or other rights in respect of the ARIAD US Trademarks or the name 
or logo of ARIAD US and/or of the goodwill associated therewith and that 
all such rights and goodwill are, and shall at all times remain, vested in 
ARIAD US. ARIAD SWISSCO acknowledges and agrees that all use of the ARIAD 
US Trademarks and the name and logo of ARIAD US inures to and is for the 
benefit of ARIAD US. ARIAD SWISSCO shall, if requested by ARIAD US, execute 
an assignment to ARIAD US of any and all rights that ARIAD SWISSCO may 
acquire in respect of any of the ARIAD US Trademarks or the name or logo of 
ARIAD US and/or of the goodwill associated therewith.
 
18.6 	ARIAD US shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to maintain the 
validity of the ARIAD US Trademarks in the Territory throughout the Term, 
[***]. For ARIAD US Trademarks currently used by ARIAD SWISSCO under this 
Agreement, ARIAD SWISSCO agrees to provide any reasonable assistance in 
this effort [***], provided, however, that [***] in connection with such 
assistance.
 
18.7 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall promptly notify ARIAD US with respect to any 
threatened, potential or presumed counterfeits, copies, imitations, 
simulations of, or infringements upon, the ARIAD US Trademarks or the name 
ARIAD US which comes to its attention during any period where such marks 
or names are actively used by ARIAD SWISSCO. ARIAD US shall decide on the 
steps to be taken after having discussed such threatened, potential or 
presumed counterfeits, copies, imitations, simulation and/or infringements 
with ARIAD SWISSCO. ARIAD SWISSCO shall provide all reasonable assistance 
(with ARIAD SWISSCO bearing [***] solely for the purpose of engaging any 
Third Party to assist in the performance of any action contemplated by this 
Section 18.7) to ARIAD US in taking legal action, if deemed necessary by 
ARIAD US, in its sole and absolute discretion, with respect to such 
matters.
 
18.8 	
ARIAD SWISSCO acknowledges that ARIAD US would have no adequate remedy 
under this Agreement or at law in the event that ARIAD SWISSCO were to use 
the
 
50
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 ARIAD US Trademarks in a manner not authorized by this Agreement and 
that ARIAD US would, in such circumstances, be entitled to specific 
performance, injunctive or other equitable relief.


ARTICLE 19  CONSIDERATION AND PAYMENTS
 
19.1 	Milestone Payments.
 
  	19.1.1 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay ARIAD US the following non-refundable, 
non-creditable milestone payments after the first achievement or occurrence 
of the following by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates or Sublicensees:
 
Milestone Event
   	
Payment Amount
[***] in accordance with Section 5.3.1. of this Agreement (and included 
here for clarity only and not as an additional payment). 	   	[***]
[***] in accordance with Section 5.3.1. of this Agreement (and included 
here for clarity only and not as an additional payment). 	   	[***]
The Registration of and the First Commercial Sale of the Product after 
Pricing and Reimbursement Approval for the [***] New Indication [***] in at 
least [***] of the following countries: [***] 	   	[***]
The Registration of and the First Commercial Sale of the Product after 
Pricing and Reimbursement Approval for a [***] New Indication [***] in at 
least [***] of the following countries: [***] 	   	[***]
Acceptance of filing by the EMA of a Marketing Authorization application of 
the Product for [***] New Indication in a centralized filing or acceptance 
of filing of a Marketing Authorization application of the Product for [***] 
New Indication in at least [***] of the following countries: [***] 	   	
[***]
The Registration of and the First Commercial Sale of the Product after 
Pricing and Reimbursement Approval for [***] New Indication in at least 
[***] of the following countries: [***] 	   	[***]
The Registration of and the First Commercial Sale of the Product after 
Pricing and Reimbursement Approval indicated [***] in at least [***] of the 
following countries: [***] 	   	[***] and referred to above in relation to 
the [***]
 
  	19.1.2 	
With the exception of the [***] milestones, each of the milestone payments 
set out in Section 19.1.1 shall be payable only upon the first occurrence 
of
 
51
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 the applicable event, whenever it occurs. ARIAD SWISSCO shall report 
the occurrence of each milestone event to ARIAD US within [***] of its 
occurrence. Upon notification, ARIAD US shall invoice ARIAD SWISSCO for the 
amount of the milestone. ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay the milestone invoice 
within [***] of receipt of the invoice. Milestone payment to ARIAD US shall 
be made by wire transfer to an account designated in writing by ARIAD US.
 
19.2 	Royalties.
 
  	19.2.1 	Full Royalty Term. Subject to the adjustments provided in this 
Section 19.2, Section 19.11 and ARIAD SWISSCOs offset rights, ARIAD 
SWISSCO will pay to ARIAD US during the Full Royalty Term as set forth 
below:
 
  	  	royalty = A+B+C+D+E, where:

A equals thirty-two percent (32%) of that portion of Net Sales of Product 
in the Territory which, during the calendar year in question, is less than 
or equal to [***];

B equals [***] of that portion of Net Sales of Product in the Territory 
which, during the calendar year in question, is greater than [***] and less 
than or equal to [***];

C equals [***] of that portion of Net Sales of Product in the Territory 
which, during the calendar year in question, is greater than [***] and less 
than or equal to [***];

D equals [***] of that portion of Net Sales of Product in the Territory 
which, during the calendar year in question, is greater than [***] and less 
than or equal to [***];

E equals fifty percent (50%) of that portion of Net Sales of Product in the 
Territory which, during the calendar year in question, is greater than 
[***].
 
  	19.2.2 	Reduced Royalty Term. Subject to Section 19.11 and ARIAD 
SWISSCOs offset rights, ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay to ARIAD US a royalty of 
[***] of Net Sales in each country in the Territory as to which the Full 
Royalty Term has expired. Such royalty obligation shall begin in each 
country in the Territory on the day after the Full Royalty Term has expired 
and continue until the [***] of such expiration (the Reduced Royalty Term
). Further for clarity, after the expiration of the Reduced Royalty Term 
in each country in the Territory, no further royalties shall be due with 
respect to Net Sales in such country and the licenses granted to ARIAD 
SWISSCO hereunder shall become fully paid-up and royalty-free with respect 
to such country for the remainder of the Term.
 
  	19.2.3 	Net Sales Reports and Royalty Payments
 
  	(a) 	[***] before the end of each calendar quarter (other than during 
the first [***] after the Effective Date, when no such estimate shall be 
required), ARIAD SWISSCO shall deliver to ARIAD US a report with estimated 
Net Sales made in such quarter, including:
 
  	(i) 	Net Sales of Product in local currency, by country by Presentation, 
during the quarter; and
 
52
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(ii) 	all exchange rate conversions in accordance with Section 19.5..

The Parties, through a Transition Services Agreement as defined in the 
Share Purchase Agreement, will agree upon an approach through which the 
foregoing reports can be provided by ARIAD SWISSCO, whether through 
successful migration to ARIAD SWISSCO or ARIAD US providing continued 
access to its reporting systems.
 
  	(b) 	Within [***] after the end of each calendar quarter, ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall deliver to ARIAD US a report setting out the details described in (a) 
and (b) above with respect to actual Net Sales made in such calendar 
quarter.
 
  	(c) 	Promptly following receipt of the royalty report ARIAD US shall 
issue an invoice for the royalties due and , ARIAD SWISSCO shall pay the 
invoiced royalty within [***] of receipt of the invoice. Royalty payment to 
ARIAD US shall be made by wire transfer to an account designated in writing 
by ARIAD US.
 
19.3 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall provide (a) such monthly sales reports as ARIAD 
US may reasonably request in relation to the sales data and information 
reasonably necessary to understand, the level of gross sales invoiced in 
the Territory and (b) such quarterly sales reports as ARIAD US may 
reasonably request in relation to the sales data and information reasonably 
necessary to understand, gross sales invoiced and deductions taken in 
Sections 1.112(a) through 1.112(g) to arrive at Net Sales in the Territory.
 
19.4 	Distribution Agreement Milestone Payments. ARIAD SWISSCO shall, 
promptly, upon receipt (and in any event within [***] of receipt) pay to 
ARIAD US [***] of the Distribution Agreement Milestone Payments in [***]. 
ARIAD SWISSCO hereby agrees to (i) use all Commercially Reasonable Efforts 
to enforce the provisions of the relevant Distribution Agreement pursuant 
to which the Distribution Agreement Milestone Payments are payable and 
collect payment thereof from the relevant counterparty; and (ii) not [***] 
the relevant Distribution Agreement pursuant to which the [***] or take any 
other steps that would [***] under this Section 19.4 without ARIAD US 
prior written consent or without providing compensation for such impact.
 
19.5 	Payment Currency and Exchange Rate. All amounts due under this 
Agreement shall be paid in US dollars. The amount of Net Sales under 
Section 19.2 shall be determined in Local Currency. The Net Sales amount 
shall be converted from Local Currency into US dollars using the average 
interbank exchange rate for conversion of one unit of Local Currency to one 
US dollar during the calendar quarter prior to the payment due date. 
Exchange rates shall be as published by OANDA.com The Currency Site under 
the heading FxHistory: historical currency exchange rates at 
www.OANDA.com/convert/fxhistory. All payments under this Agreement shall be 
made by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds to a bank account 
designated in writing by the payee Party or by other means as directed by 
the payee Party in writing.
 
53
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.6 	Interest. Payments made under this Agreement shall be considered to 
be made as of the day on which there were sent. In the event that any 
payment due under this Agreement is not made when due, the payment shall 
accrue simple interest from the date due at a rate per annum equal to [***] 
above the [***] published in the [***], (or, if the [***], ceases to 
publish such rates, such other reputable financial news source as ARIAD US 
may select) in effect on the date of the scheduled date of payment; 
provided that, in no event shall such rate exceed the applicable maximum 
legal annual interest rate then in effect. The payment of such interest 
shall not limit the payee Party from exercising any other rights it may 
have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment. [***]. The payer 
Party shall pay the interest together with the overdue amount.
 
19.7 	Tax Matters. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties or 
required by Applicable Laws, all amounts payable by one Party to the other 
Party pursuant to this Agreement (each a Payment) excludes all 
withholding, sales, use, consumption, value-added, customs, excise and 
other taxes, duties or governmental assessments (collectively, Taxes). 
The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to structure all 
Payments to minimize the applicability of withholding taxes to the maximum 
extent consistent with Applicable Laws. If any Payment is subject to a 
deduction or withholding of Tax pursuant to Applicable Laws, the Parties 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform all acts (including by 
executing all appropriate documents) so as to enable the payee Party to 
take advantage of any applicable double taxation agreement or treaty or to 
otherwise secure any applicable exemption from or reduction in withholding 
Taxes. In the event there is no applicable double taxation (or other 
exemption) agreement or treaty, or if an applicable double taxation (or 
other) agreement or treaty reduces but does not eliminate such withholding 
Tax, the payer Party shall pay the applicable Tax to the appropriate 
governmental authority, shall provide to the payee Party evidence of such 
payment, and shall deduct the amount paid from the Payment due the payee 
Party. If the payer Party has to pay applicable withholding tax because of 
a failure by the payer Party to complete any procedural formalities 
necessary for it to obtain authorization to make payments pursuant to this 
Agreement without the obligation to make deduction or withholding, then the 
amount due from the payer Party to ARIAD US shall be increased to an amount 
which (after making any deduction for withholding in respect of taxes) 
leaves an amount equal to the payment which payee Party would have received 
if no such deduction or withholding had been required. Any withholding tax 
imposed on a payment from an ARIAD SWISSCO Affiliate, Sublicensee or 
distributor in the Territory to ARIAD SWISSCO is the responsibility of 
ARIAD SWISSCO.
 
19.8 	Payments and Adjustments.
 
  	19.8.1 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall be entitled to offset or otherwise withhold 
or adjust any Payment due to ARIAD US under this Agreement and any actual 
tax payment made to a tax authority under Section 9.7 (Tax Matters) of the 
Share Purchase Agreement in view of claims that ARIAD SWISSCO may have.
 
54
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	19.8.2 	Within [***] after the end of each calendar year (except for the 
final payment, which shall be made within [***] of the [***] of the 
Effective Date), ARIAD US shall pay to ARIAD SWISSCO an amount equal to the 
Year-End Compensating Payment as set forth on Appendix 19.8.2.
 
  	19.8.3 	Each Party shall make all payments due by it to the other Party 
under this Agreement in accordance with the time periods set forth in this 
Agreement for the applicable payment in full amount of such payment except 
(in the case of payments under this Agreement other than those under 
Sections 19.1, 19.2 and 19.4) as may be disputed in good faith by such 
paying Party. Notice of the basis for, and reasonable detail of, any such 
dispute shall be provided in writing together with such payment, together 
with the identity of the designated finance representative of such paying 
Party. The finance representatives of each Party shall promptly, but no 
later than [***] after the receipt of such notice, in order to attempt in 
good faith to resolve such dispute; provided, that, after [***], such 
dispute shall be escalated to the Senior Officers under Section 29.2. If 
the Senior Officers are not able to resolve such dispute in accordance with 
Section 29.2, upon the request of one of the Parties, such dispute shall be 
submitted to an independent accounting firm in accordance with the general 
procedures set forth in Section 19.9, or, absent such submission, either 
Party may invoke the provisions of Section 29.3 with respect to such 
dispute.
 
19.9 	Books, records and accounts. Throughout the Royalty Term and for a 
period of at least [***] thereafter, ARIAD SWISSCO shall keep complete and 
accurate books, records and accounts in accordance with all Regulatory Laws 
and Regulatory Requirements and sound accounting practice covering all its 
operations hereunder and as may be necessary for the purpose of calculating 
all payments due to ARIAD US under this ARTICLE 19 and the required 
expenditures under Section 15.2. ARIAD US shall have the right, throughout 
the Term and for a period of [***] thereafter, at reasonable times during 
business hours and upon reasonable notice to ARIAD SWISSCO, to have ARIAD 
SWISSCOs books, records and accounts inspected and audited by a reputable 
independent auditor employed by one of the four major accounting firms to 
be appointed by ARIAD US and reasonably acceptable to ARIAD SWISSCO, to 
ensure the accuracy of all reports and payments made hereunder and in 
respect of all Development Costs and the expenditures made by ARIAD SWISSCO 
and its Affiliates as required in Section 15.2. Such audit shall be covered 
by confidentiality obligations of the auditor. Such inspection and audit 
may not be (i) conducted for any calendar year more than [***] after the 
end of such year, (ii) conducted more than once in any [***] period, or 
(iii) repeated for any [***]. ARIAD SWISSCO shall cooperate with the 
independent auditor and make available all work papers and other 
information related to this Agreement reasonably requested in connection 
herewith (subject to written obligations of confidentiality to ARIAD 
SWISSCO). For purposes of (a) payments under this Agreement including 
Sections 5.3.1, 5.3.2, 5.7.3, 5.7.4, and 5.9 and calculation of any 
Development Costs that one Party must pay to the other under this 
Agreement, (b) the determination of the Cost of Manufacture, (c) 
calculation of the Year-End Compensating Payment pursuant to Appendix 
19.8.2, and (d) calculation of manufacturing technology transfer costs, 
this Section 19.9 shall apply mutatis mutandi to the applicable Partys 
books, records and accounts and for the applicable party to audit such 
books, records and accounts.
 
55
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.10 	Currency embargoes. If at any time currency embargoes or similar 
legal restrictions in any country in the Territory prevent the prompt 
remittance of any payments hereunder, ARIAD SWISSCO shall make such 
payments by depositing the amount thereof in local currency to the account 
of ARIAD US in a bank or depository in such country designated by ARIAD US.
 
19.11 	Generic Competition. In countries in the Territory where (i) a 
Generic Product enters the market, the royalty rates set out in Section 
19.2 above shall be reduced by [***] during the Full Royalty Term and by 
[***] thereafter in such country, (ii) the Generic Product(s) comprises 
more than [***] of the unit sales of Product and Generic Products in such 
country, the royalty rates set out in Section 19.2 above shall be reduced 
by [***] during the Full Royalty Term and by [***] thereafter, and (iii) 
the Generic Product(s) comprises more than [***] of the unit sales of 
Product and Generic Products in such country, the royalty rates set out in 
Section 19.2 above shall be reduced to [***] during the Full Royalty Term 
and by [***] thereafter. If such a Generic Product enters the market prior 
to the expiration of the Composition Patent in such country and if ARIAD US 
institutes an action or proceeding in accordance with Section 23.4 and 
prevails in such action the applicable royalty rates set out in Section 
19.2 would be reinstated until such other time as the foregoing provision 
applies.
 
19.12 	No amounts will be due and payable by ARIAD SWISSCO under Section 
19.1 upon the Buy-Back Option having been exercised pursuant to ARTICLE 16.


ARTICLE 20  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
20.1 	ARIAD US hereby represents and warrants to ARIAD SWISSCO as of the 
Effective Date, and with respect to Sections 20.1.4, 20.1.5, 20.1.6, 20.1.7 
and 20.1.17 only, throughout the Term, as follows:
 
  	20.1.1 	Organization. ARIAD US has been duly organized and is validly 
existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware, USA. ARIAD US has the corporate power and authority to enter into 
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
  	20.1.2 	Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, by ARIAD US have been duly and validly authorized by all 
requisite corporate actions. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and 
binding agreement of ARIAD US, enforceable against ARIAD US in accordance 
with its terms.
 
  	20.1.3 	Execution. The persons executing this Agreement on behalf of 
ARIAD US are duly authorized to do so and by so doing have bound ARIAD US 
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
56
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	20.1.4 	No Inconsistent Obligations. Except as disclosed in the 
Disclosure Schedules, the execution, delivery and performance by ARIAD US 
of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement, do not and shall not (i) contravene or conflict with the 
charter or bylaws of ARIAD US or its Affiliates, as applicable, or (ii) 
conflict with, constitute a default in any material respect under or give 
rise to any right of termination or cancellation of, any agreement or 
instrument to which ARIAD US or its Affiliates is a party that would have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of ARIAD US or its Affiliates to 
perform its obligations hereunder. As of the Effective Date, there is no 
action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or to the 
Knowledge of ARIAD US, threatened against or affecting, ARIAD US or its 
Affiliates before any court, arbitrator or any governmental authority, 
including Regulatory Authorities, which, if decided against ARIAD US or its 
Affiliates, would have a material adverse effect on the ability of ARIAD US 
or its Affiliates to perform their obligations hereunder.
 
  	20.1.5 	Product. Product Delivered hereunder shall:
 
  	(a) 	be Manufactured in all material respects in accordance with the 
Marketing Authorization, the applicable Quality Agreements, all Applicable 
Laws and cGMPs;
 
  	(b) 	have the requisite shelf life on the date of Delivery as set forth 
in the Specifications;
 
  	(c) 	conform to the Specifications at the time of Delivery until the 
expiry date set forth on the label for the given lot of the Product; and
 
  	(d) 	at the time of Delivery, be free and clear of any lien or 
encumbrance.
 
  	20.1.6 	Right to Grant License. ARIAD US and its Affiliates are the sole 
and exclusive owners of the Patents listed in Appendix 1.128 and the Know 
How, and ARIAD US is entitled to grant the licenses to ARIAD SWISSCO 
specified in ARTICLE 2.
 
  	20.1.7 	Patent Validity and No Patent Challenge. To the Knowledge of 
ARIAD US, the claims of the issued patents included in the Patents listed 
in Appendix 1.128 are not invalid and the issued patents included in the 
Patents listed in Appendix 1.128 are not unenforceable in the Territory. No 
Third Party has challenged in writing, or, to the Knowledge of ARIAD US, 
has threatened to challenge, the enforceability or validity of any issued 
patents included in the Patents listed in Appendix 1.128 or any claims 
therein, respectively in the Territory through the institution of legal 
proceedings in a court or through opposition, interference, reexamination, 
nullity or similar invalidity proceedings before a patent office or any 
equivalent government agency in the Territory. Appendix 1.128 represents 
all Patents that cover or disclose the Compounds and Products as of the 
Effective Date.
 
57
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	20.1.8 	No ARIAD US Trademark Challenge. No Third Party has challenged 
in writing, or, to the Knowledge of ARIAD US, has threatened to challenge, 
ARIAD USs right to use and license the ARIAD US Trademarks in the 
Territory.
 
  	20.1.9 	No Infringement by Third Parties. To the Knowledge of ARIAD US, 
no Third Party is infringing the Patents in the Territory.
 
  	20.1.10 	No Claim that Development or Commercialization Infringes Third 
Party IP. There are no claims asserted in writing, judgments, or 
settlements in effect against, or amounts with respect thereto owed by, 
ARIAD US or any of its Affiliates relating to the Patents in the Territory. 
No claim or litigation is pending or, to the Knowledge of ARIAD US, 
threatened alleging that the manufacture, use or sale of the Product in the 
Territory infringes or would infringe any issued patent in the Territory. 
To ARIAD USs Knowledge, the Development, Manufacture, and 
Commercialization of Compounds or Products in the Field in the Territory 
will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property or 
proprietary rights of any Third Party in the Territory.
 
  	20.1.11 	Regulatory Documentation. The status of Marketing 
Authorizations in each country or other jurisdiction in the Territory as of 
the Effective Date is accurately reflected on Appendix 1.167 and each of 
them is in full force and effect. To the Knowledge of ARIAD US, ARIAD US 
and its Affiliates have generated, prepared, maintained, and retained all 
material records that are required to be maintained or retained pursuant to 
and in accordance with good laboratory practice and cGMP and Applicable 
Law, and all such information is true, complete and correct. Neither ARIAD 
US nor its Affiliates have received any written notice that any Regulatory 
Authority with jurisdiction in the Territory over the Products has 
commenced or will commence any action: (i) to suspend, revoke, not renew or 
materially amend any Marketing Authorization held by ARIAD US or its 
Affiliates; or (ii) prohibit production, development, marketing or sale of 
the Product in the Territory.
 
  	20.1.12 	Patent Prosecution. The Patents listed in Appendix 1.128 have 
been filed and maintained, and are being diligently prosecuted, in the 
respective patent offices where filed in the Territory in accordance with 
Applicable Laws. All applicable and material fees due prior to the 
Effective Date in connection with the prosecution and maintenance of the 
Patents listed in Appendix 1.128 in the Territory have been paid.
 
  	20.1.13 	Compliance with Law. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure 
Schedules, ARIAD US and its Affiliates and, to the Knowledge of ARIAD US, 
their respective contractors and consultants, have complied in all material 
respects with Applicable Laws in the Development, manufacture and 
Commercialization of the Compound and Product in the Territory prior to the 
Effective Date.
 
58
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	20.1.14 	No Encumbrances. ARIAD US or its Affiliates Control the entire 
right, title and interest in the Patents and the Know-How, free of any 
encumbrance, lien, or claim of ownership by any Third Party, except its 
obligations to PDL BioPharma, Inc. under the PDL Agreements.
 
  	20.1.15 	Employee Assignments. All current and former officers or 
employees of ARIAD US or any of its Affiliates who are inventors of or have 
otherwise contributed in a material manner to the creation or development 
of any Patents or Know-How have (i) executed and delivered to ARIAD US or 
any such Affiliate an assignment or other agreement regarding the 
protection of proprietary information and the assignment to ARIAD US or any 
such Affiliate of any such Patents or Know How; and (ii) to ARIAD USs 
Knowledge, no current officer or employee of ARIAD US or any of its 
Affiliates is in violation of any term of any assignment or other agreement 
regarding the protection of Patents or Know-How or of any employment 
contract or any other contractual obligation relating to the relationship 
of any such Person with ARIAD US or any such Affiliate. ARIAD SWISSCO has 
no obligation to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or 
previously employed by ARIAD US or any of its Affiliates in respect of any 
such Patents and Know-How and discoveries and intellectual property rights 
therein that are so assigned to ARIAD US or its Affiliate(s).
 
  	20.1.16 	No Debarment. Neither ARIAD US nor any of its Affiliates has 
been debarred by the FDA, is not subject to any similar sanction of other 
Regulatory Authorities in the Territory, and neither ARIAD US nor any of 
its Affiliates has used, in any capacity, in connection with this Agreement 
or any ancillary agreements (if any), any Person who either has been 
debarred by such a Regulatory Authority, or is the subject of a conviction 
described in Section 306 of the US Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or 
similar sanction of other Regulatory Authorities.
 
  	20.1.17 	Post-Marketing Requirements. Appendix 20.1.17 contains a true 
and complete list of all post-marking requirements of all Regulatory 
Authorities related to the Products. ARIAD US shall promptly notify ARIAD 
SWISSCO of any changes in post-marketing requirements, ARIAD US and its 
Affiliates have and during the Term, will comply with all such 
requirements.

For the purposes of this ARTICLE 20, Disclosure Schedules shall mean the 
Disclosure Schedules set out in Appendix 20 to this Agreement.


ARTICLE 21  COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; DATA PRIVACY; ANTI-BRIBERY AND 
ANTI-CORRUPTION
 
21.1 	Each Party shall obtain and keep current all licenses, certificates, 
approvals and permits of whatever nature required under the Regulatory Laws 
and the Regulatory Requirements for the fulfilment of such Partys 
obligations under this Agreement.
 
21.2 	
In the performance of its obligations hereunder, each Party shall comply 
and shall cause its Affiliates, employees and contractors involved in the 
performance of this
 
59
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Agreement, and its Sublicensees and Subcontractors to comply with all 
Applicable Laws, including Anti-Corruption Laws, and Industry Guidelines, 
and, without limiting the foregoing, each Party shall comply, and shall 
cause its Affiliates, Sublicensees, employees and Subcontractors involved 
in Named Patient Program to comply with all Industry Guidelines and 
Applicable Laws with respect to Named Patient Programs.
 
21.3 	Each Party shall certify to the other Party on an annual basis the 
following:
 
  	(a) 	it has in effect and implements an appropriate Anti-Corruption 
policy;
 
  	(b) 	that training and training materials on such Anti-Corruption Policy 
(including Anti-Corruption Laws) have been provided to all persons employed 
by such Party who perform work under this Agreement and interact with 
Government Officials or Healthcare Professionals in the normal course of 
their responsibilities; and
 
  	(c) 	It has maintained true and accurate records necessary to 
demonstrate compliance with the requirements of this Section 21.3.
 
21.4 	At times, either Party may provide the other Party with personal 
information that falls under the protection of certain data security and 
privacy laws (Protected Personal Information). Without limiting the 
generality of Section 21.1, each Party agrees to comply with all Applicable 
Laws relating to the use, storage, collection or other processing of such 
Protected Personal Information (Data Protection Laws). The Parties agree 
to use good-faith efforts to agree upon and implement any security 
protocols and information handling guidelines that their respective legal 
advisors recommend in connection with the Parties compliance with such 
data security and privacy laws.
 
21.5 	Notice of Compliance Events. Each Party agrees that if it learns of 
any violation of Anti-Corruption Laws or any material violation of any Data 
Protection Laws, Regulatory Laws or Export Control Laws by an employee or 
Subcontractor (in the case of ARIAD SWISSCO) or contractor (in the case of 
ARIAD US) that performs work under this Agreement (a Compliance Event), 
such Party (the Notifying Party) shall promptly notify the other Party 
(the Notified Party) in writing of such Compliance Event and the measures 
Notifying Party has taken and intends to take to remedy such Compliance 
Event and to prevent its recurrence. The Notified Party reserves the right 
to require the Notifying Party to prohibit the employee, Subcontractor or 
contractor (as the case may be) from performing any work related to this 
Agreement after due consultation with Notifying Party.


ARTICLE 22  INDEMNIFICATION, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INSURANCE
 
22.1 	
Upon the terms and conditions of this ARTICLE 22, ARIAD SWISSCO shall 
defend, indemnify and hold ARIAD US and its Affiliates, and their 
respective officers, directors and employees and agents, wholly free and 
harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs, 
taxes, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses of 
litigation and arbitration), claims, demands,
 
60
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 suits, penalties, judgments or administrative and judicial orders 
(collectively, Losses) relating to any Proceeding or Proceeding 
threatened in writing to the extent arising out of or resulting from (a) 
any failure by ARIAD SWISSCO to comply with any Applicable Laws; (b) the 
performance (or failure to perform) by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates, 
Sublicensees, Subcontractors, or its service providers or any of their 
respective officers, directors, employees or agents of any of ARIAD 
SWISSCOs obligations under this Agreement (including the Manufacture of 
Product by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates or its or their Third Party 
contract manufacturers); (c) any negligent act or omission or willful 
misconduct of ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates, Sublicensees, Subcontractors, 
or its service providers, or any of their respective officers, directors, 
employees or agents; (d) any breach by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates, 
Sublicensees, Subcontractors, or service providers, or any of their 
respective officers, directors, employees or agents, of any of ARIAD 
SWISSCOs representations, warranties, covenants or material obligations 
contained in this Agreement; (e) the storage, sampling, record-keeping or 
transfer of the Product by ARIAD SWISSCO, its Affiliates, Sublicensees, 
Subcontractors, or its service providers, or any of their respective 
officers, directors, employees or agents; and (f) failure of ARIAD SWISSCO 
to undertake a voluntary Product Withdrawal in its respective territory, 
despite the ARIAD USs written recommendation that such Product Withdrawal 
should be undertaken, except, in each of the foregoing cases, to the extent 
ARIAD US has the obligation to indemnify for such Losses pursuant to 
Section 22.2.
 
22.2 	Upon the terms and conditions of this ARTICLE 22, ARIAD US shall 
defend, indemnify and hold ARIAD SWISSCO and its Affiliates, and their 
respective officers, directors and employees and agents, wholly free and 
harmless from and against any and all Losses relating to any Proceeding or 
Proceeding threatened in writing to the extent arising out or resulting 
from (a) any failure by ARIAD US to comply with any Applicable Laws; (b) 
the performance (or failure to perform) by ARIAD US, its Affiliates, 
subcontractors or its service providers, or any of their respective 
officers, directors, employees or agents of any of ARIAD USs obligations 
under this Agreement (including the Manufacture of Product by ARIAD US, its 
Affiliates or its or their Third Party contract manufacturers); (c) any 
negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of ARIAD US, its 
Affiliates, subcontractors or its service providers, or any of their 
respective officers, directors, employees or agents; (d) any breach by 
ARIAD US, its Affiliates, subcontractors or its service providers, or any 
of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents of any of 
ARIAD USs representations, warranties, covenants or obligations contained 
in this Agreement; (e) the storage, sampling, record-keeping or transfer of 
the Product by ARIAD US, its Affiliates, subcontractors, or its service 
providers, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or 
agents; (f) the Development, commercialization, Manufacture, final 
manufacture or other exploitation of the Products or the Compounds anywhere 
in the world prior to the Effective Date or after the Effective Date for 
the Reserved Territory; and (g) failure of ARIAD US to undertake a 
voluntary Product Withdrawal in its respective territory, despite the ARIAD 
SWISSCOs written recommendation that such Product Withdrawal should be 
undertaken, except for such activities conducted by or on behalf of ARIAD 
SWISSCO or its Affiliates.
 
61
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
22.3 	Procedure. The following shall apply to all Proceedings subject to 
the obligations set forth in Sections 22.1 and 22.2 above:
 
  	22.3.1 	A Party or its indemnified entity seeking indemnification 
pursuant to Section 22.1 or Section 22.2 (an Indemnified Party) shall 
give to the Party from whom such indemnification is sought (the 
Indemnifying Party) prompt written notice (a Claim Notice) of the 
assertion of any claim, or the commencement of any Proceeding for which the 
Indemnified Party believes the Indemnifying Party may be liable under 
Section 22.1 or Section 22.2 of this Agreement, as the case may be. The 
failure by any Indemnified Party so to notify the Indemnifying Party shall 
not relieve the Indemnifying Party from Liability under Section 22.1 or 
Section 22.2 of this Agreement, as the case may be, except to the extent 
that the Indemnifying Party shall have been prejudiced in any material 
respect as a result of such failure. A Claim Notice shall describe the 
nature of the claim or Proceeding and shall indicate the amount of Losses 
(estimated to the extent that the Losses in respect of any claim or 
Proceeding are reasonably capable of being estimated); provided, however, 
that the failure to estimate Losses (or the inaccuracy thereof) shall not 
affect the validity of a Claim Notice or the amount of Losses to which the 
Indemnified Party may be entitled.
 
  	22.3.2 	The Indemnifying Party shall have the right at its discretion to 
control the defense of any claim or Proceeding and the right to settle or 
compromise any such claim or Proceeding; provided that the prior written 
consent of the Indemnified Party shall be required in connection with any 
settlement or compromise unless such settlement, compromise, discharge or 
consent to judgment (i) includes the delivery of a written release from all 
Liability in respect of such claim or Proceeding, (ii) does not contain any 
admission or statement suggesting any wrongdoing or Liability on behalf of 
the Indemnified Party, and (iii) does not contain any equitable order, 
judgment or term which in any manner affects, restrains or interferes with 
the business of the Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates. The 
Indemnifying Party shall exercise such right by delivering written notice 
of its intent to undertake the defense of such claim or Proceeding to the 
Indemnified Party within [***] after the receipt of a Claim Notice. If the 
Indemnifying Party elects to control the defense of the claim or 
Proceeding, then all expenses and legal fees of such defense shall be borne 
by the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnifying Party elects to control the 
defense of the claim or Proceeding, then the Indemnified Party may 
participate therein through counsel of its choice, but the cost of such 
counsel shall be borne solely by the Indemnified Party. Only in the event 
that the Indemnifying Party does not assume such defense within [***] after 
its receipt of a Claim Notice or the Indemnifying Party notifies the 
Indemnified Party that it will not assume such defense, the Indemnified 
Party may control the defense of such claim or Proceeding at the 
Indemnifying Partys cost and the Indemnified Party may settle the claim or 
Proceeding on behalf of and for the account and risk of the Indemnifying 
Party, who shall be bound by the result.
 
62
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	22.3.3 	The Indemnifying Party or the Indemnified Party, as the case may 
be, shall at all times use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the 
Indemnifying Party or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be, reasonably 
appraised of the status of the defense of any matter the defense of which 
it is maintaining and to cooperate in good faith with the Indemnifying 
Party or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be, with respect to the 
defense of any such matter.
 
22.4 	EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
OR THE QUALITY AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF 
LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY 
OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OR EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING 
ANY WARRANTY OF QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMMERCIAL 
POTENTIAL, CAPACITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE 
KNOW-HOW, THE PATENTS AND/OR THE PRODUCT. NEITHER PARTY NOR ANY OF ITS 
RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES IS AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY 
WARRANTIES OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF THE OTHER PARTY.
 
22.5 	SUBJECT TO SECTION 22.6 AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 
10.7, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER OF THE 
PARTIES SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, 
EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, REGARDLESS OF 
WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE OR NOT AND REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE 
OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
 
22.6 	THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 
22.4 AND 22.5 SHALL NOT LIMIT OR RESTRICT: (A) THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS 
OR OBLIGATIONS OF EITHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO LOSSES AWARDED TO THIRD 
PARTY CLAIMANTS IN THIRD PARTY PROCEEDINGS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO THE 
OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 22.1 OR SECTION 22.2; OR (B) ANY LIABILITY THAT 
CANNOT BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
 
22.7 	Each Party agrees to procure and maintain in full force and effect 
during the Term valid and collectible insurance policies in connection with 
its activities as contemplated herein in amounts that are normal and 
customary in the pharmaceutical industry generally for prudent companies 
similarly situated. In particular, ARIAD SWISSCOs coverage shall have 
limits of Liability which are commercially reasonable in the Territory but 
shall be [***] per loss occurrence. [***]. Each Party shall provide to the 
other Party upon such other Partys request a certificate evidencing the 
coverage required hereby and the amount thereof. Each Partys coverage 
shall be with a reputable insurance company and shall have to be maintained 
for not less than [***] following expiration or termination of this 
Agreement for any reason.
 
63
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 23  THE PATENTS
 
23.1 	Patent Marking. ARIAD SWISSCO acknowledges and agrees that any of the 
Product Commercialized by it shall be marked with a notice of patent rights 
as necessary or desirable, and legally possible, under Applicable Law to 
enable the Patents to be enforced to the maximum extent permissible under 
Applicable Laws.
 
23.2 	Claims Relating to Patent Validity. ARIAD SWISSCO shall reasonably 
cooperate with ARIAD US in connection with any claim, action, lawsuit, 
hearing, patent office review or other Proceeding relating to the validity 
of the Patents in the Territory, including by being joined as a necessary 
party to any such Proceeding [***]. For clarity, any Proceeding attacking 
the validity of a Patent in connection with an action under Section 23.4 
(for example, an alleged infringers attack on the validity of a Patent as 
a defense to an allegation of infringement of such Patent) shall be dealt 
with pursuant to Section 23.4.
 
23.3 	Patent Prosecution and Maintenance.
 
  	23.3.1 	ARIAD US shall have the first right to prepare, file, prosecute 
(including any reissues, re-examinations, post-grant proceedings, requests 
for patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates, 
interferences, and defense of invalidation or opposition proceedings or of 
other challenges to validity or enforceability) and maintain the Patents in 
the Territory, and shall keep ARIAD SWISSCO informed regarding any such 
matters. ARIAD US shall consider in good faith all comments, 
recommendations, analysis, and strategies provided by ARIAD SWISSCO for 
patent protection in the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO shall provide reasonable 
assistance in connection with any such prosecution and maintenance, 
including reasonably cooperating with ARIAD US, as may be reasonably 
requested by ARIAD US from time to time for the purpose of filing for and 
obtaining patent extensions and supplementary or complementary protection 
certificates, if available, of the Patents under the relevant Applicable 
Laws of the Territory. [***] shall be responsible for any Patent 
prosecution and maintenance costs for the Territory and shall reimburse 
[***] of [***] costs related to such Patent prosecution and maintenance for 
the Territory within [***] of receipt of an invoice therefor incurred in 
relation to its obligations under this Section 23.3.1.
 
  	23.3.2 	In the event that ARIAD US intends to cease to prosecute, or 
maintain a Patent in a country in the Territory, ARIAD US shall provide 
reasonable prior written notice to ARIAD SWISSCO of such intention (which 
notice shall, in any event, be given no later than [***] prior to the next 
deadline for any action that may be taken with respect to prosecution or 
maintenance of such ARIAD US Patent in such country), and ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall thereupon have the option, in its sole discretion, to assume the 
control and direction of the, prosecution and maintenance of such Patent in 
such country. Upon ARIAD SWISSCOs written exercise of such option, ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall assume responsibility and full control for the prosecution 
and maintenance of such patent in such country at its own expense.
 
64
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
23.4 	Patent Enforcement.
 
  	23.4.1 	Each Party shall, within [***], inform the other Party in 
writing upon its becoming aware of any potential infringement or 
misappropriation of any of the Patents in the Territory. ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall provide reasonable assistance in connection with any Proceedings to 
stop such infringement and/or recover damages for such infringement in the 
Territory (including joining any action if necessary), as may be reasonably 
requested by ARIAD US. ARIAD US shall have the first right to control any 
such Proceedings and ARIAD SWISSCO shall reimburse ARIAD US [***] of ARIAD 
USs costs related to such Proceedings within [***] of receipt of an 
invoice therefor incurred in relation to its obligations under this 
Section. ARIAD SWISSCO shall also have the option to be represented by 
counsel of its own choice to participate in the Proceedings in the 
Territory [***]. For clarity, the foregoing option shall not relieve ARIAD 
SWISSCOs obligation to reimburse ARIAD US [***] of ARIAD USs costs 
related to such Proceedings.
 
  	23.4.2 	If ARIAD US does not institute an action or proceeding or take 
other action to prevent or terminate such possible infringement in the 
Territory prior to the earlier of (i) [***] following receipt of notice of 
such possible infringement or (ii) in the case an injunction may be 
required, as soon as such injunction is reasonably necessary, then ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall have the right to institute an action or proceeding or take 
other appropriate action that it believes is reasonably required to prevent 
or terminate such possible infringement in the Territory, including 
possible infringement of the Patents in the Territory if (and only if) such 
possible infringement involves the development or commercialization of a 
product that contains the Compound, with the reasonable assistance and 
cooperation of ARIAD US. In the event that ARIAD SWISSCO institutes an 
action or proceeding or takes other appropriate action that it believes is 
reasonably required to prevent or terminate such possible infringement in 
the Territory, ARIAD SWISSCO reserves the right to have sole control over 
such proceedings, subject to Section 23.4.4.
 
  	23.4.3 	In the event that ARIAD SWISSCO becomes aware of any challenge 
to the validity of any Patent in a country in the Territory, ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall provide reasonable prior written notice to ARIAD US of such challenge 
(which notice shall, in any event, be given within [***] of ARIAD SWISSCO 
becoming aware of such challenge), and ARIAD US shall thereupon have the 
option, in its sole discretion, to assume the control and direction of any 
Proceedings in relation to such Patent in such country.
 
  	23.4.4 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall not settle any action or Proceedings in a 
manner that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests 
of ARIAD US or its Affiliates without the prior written consent of the 
ARIAD US.
 
  	23.4.5 	
Any recoveries from such Proceedings or amounts received by ARIAD US or 
ARIAD SWISSCO from the settlement of the same shall be allocated as
 
65
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 follows: First, each Party shall be reimbursed for its direct, 
out-of-pocket expenses for conducting, or cooperating with, such 
Proceeding, and second, the balance shall be [***], provided that any 
recovery or settlement amount that includes countries outside of the 
Territory shall be [***], acting reasonably and in good faith, prior to 
such allocation between the Parties.
 
  	23.4.6 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall have no right to sue or institute an action 
or proceeding or take other action to prevent infringement of any Patent 
other than as set out in this Section 23.4.
 
23.5 	Infringement Claims by Third Parties.
 
  	23.5.1 	Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of 
any allegation by a Third Party in the Territory that any Compound and/or 
Product development, Commercialization (including import or export) or 
manufacturing activities conducted by the Parties pursuant to this 
Agreement infringe or misappropriate or may infringe or misappropriate the 
Intellectual Property Rights in the Territory of such Third Party (a 
Third Party Infringement Claim). The Parties shall discuss which Party 
shall defend the Third Party Infringement Claim, and absent mutual 
agreement otherwise, each Party shall have the right to control the defense 
of any such Third Party Infringement Claim brought against it, by counsel 
of its own choice. If a Third Party Infringement Claim is brought against 
one Party (the Defending Party) but not the other Party, the 
non-Defending Party shall have the right, at its own expense, to be 
represented in such Third Party Infringement Claim by counsel of its own 
choice.
 
  	23.5.2 	Each Defending Party shall keep the other Party reasonably 
informed of all material developments in connection with any Third Party 
Infringement Claim. Each Defending Party agrees to provide the other Party 
with copies of all pleadings filed in any suit or proceeding relating to 
such Third Party Infringement Claim. The Defending Party may enter into a 
settlement or compromise of any Third Party Infringement Claim, provided 
that, if such settlement or compromise would admit Liability on the part of 
the non-Defending Party or any of its Affiliates or would otherwise have a 
material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the non-Defending 
Party or its Affiliates, the Defending Party shall not enter into such 
settlement or compromise without the prior written consent of the 
non-Defending Party.
 
  	23.5.3 	If a Third Party Infringement Claim is brought against both 
Parties, or initially against one Party and the other Party is subsequently 
joined to the Proceedings, all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each 
Defending Party in defending such Third Party Infringement Claim in the 
Territory (including outside counsel fees), and all amounts payable by 
either Defending Party as a judgment based on such Third Party Infringement 
Claim or in settlement of such Third Party Infringement Claim (excluding 
payments pursuant to any Third Party License, which is governed by Section 
23.6), shall be paid for by the Parties as follows: [***] by ARIAD SWISSCO 
and [***] by ARIAD US.
 
66
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	23.5.4 	If a Third Party Infringement Claim is brought against only one 
Defending Party and the other Party is not subsequently joined to the 
Proceedings, all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Defending Party in 
defending such Third Party Infringement Claim in the Territory (including 
outside counsel fees), and all amounts payable by such Defending Party as a 
judgment based on such Third Party Infringement Claim or in settlement of 
such Third Party Infringement Claim (excluding payments pursuant to any 
Third Party License, which is governed by Section 23.6), shall be [***].
 
  	23.5.5 	Any recovery by a Party of any sanctions or other amounts 
awarded to such Party against a Third Party asserting a Third Party 
Infringement Claim shall be applied in the same manner as recoveries in an 
action as set forth in Section 23.4.5.
 
  	23.5.6 	If a Defending Party elects to enter into an agreement with a 
Third Party to obtain a license under such Third Partys Intellectual 
Property Rights (Third Party License) in settlement of a Third Party 
Infringement Claim asserted by such Third Party, the provisions of Section 
23.6 shall apply.
 
23.6 	Third Party Licenses.
 
  	23.6.1 	Territory-Only Third Party License.
 
  	(a) 	With respect to any Third Party License under which ARIAD SWISSCO 
is granted rights relating to its exercise of its license grant under this 
Agreement and which does not relate to the retained rights of ARIAD US with 
respect to the Reserved Territory (Territory-Only Third Party License), 
the Parties (through the JSC) shall discuss (1) whether such license is 
necessary or (2) or whether such license is useful (but not necessary) and, 
in the case of this clause (2), whether to obtain such Territory-Only Third 
Party License. A Territory-Only Third Party License shall be considered 
necessary (and the JSC shall have no discretion with regarding to such 
determination) if the intellectual property included in such Third Party 
license covers the Compound or Product or the Manufacture thereof in 
accordance with Section 6.4.
 
  	(b) 	If a Territory-Only Third Party License is necessary for ARIAD 
SWISSCO to exercise its license grant under this Agreement, ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall have the responsibility for negotiating such license and shall have 
the final decision-making authority regarding the terms of such license, 
subject to Section 23.6.3.
 
  	(c) 	
If a Territory-Only Third Party License is useful (but not necessary) for 
ARIAD SWISSCO to exercise its license grant under this Agreement, the JSC 
shall determine (with neither Party having final decision-making authority) 
whether to obtain such Territory-Only Third Party License and, if such a 
determination is made to obtain such license, ARIAD SWISSCO shall have 
responsibility for negotiating such license in accordance with terms agreed 
upon by the
 
67
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Parties. If the Parties are unable to agree upon terms for a useful 
Territory-Only Third Party License that the JSC has determined to obtain, 
ARIAD SWISSCO shall have the final decision-making authority regarding the 
terms of such license, subject to Section 23.6.3.
 
  	(d) 	In the event ARIAD SWISSCO enters into a Territory-Only Third Party 
License (i) in accordance with Section 23.6.1(b) or (ii) in accordance with 
Section 23.6.1(c) in the event of a determination by the JSC to obtain such 
license, ARIAD SWISSCO shall have the right to deduct [***] of all payments 
paid pursuant to such Territory-Only Third Party License from the royalties 
payable to ARIAD US pursuant to Section 19.2; provided, that in no event 
shall the royalty rate otherwise payable to ARIAD US pursuant to Section 
19.2.1 and Section 19.2.2 be reduced by more than [***] in the aggregate; 
and provided further that, if, but for the preceding proviso, the deduction 
under this Section 23.6.1(d) would have reduced a royalty payment made by 
ARIAD SWISSCO to ARIAD US by more than [***], then the amount of such 
deduction that exceeds [***] will be carried over to subsequent royalty 
payments until the full amount that ARIAD SWISSCO would have been entitled 
to deduct (absent the preceding proviso) is deducted.
 
  	(e) 	In the event ARIAD SWISSCO enters into a Territory-Only Third Party 
License in accordance with Section 23.6.1(c) with absence of a 
determination by the JSC to obtain such license, ARIAD SWISSCO shall have 
the sole responsibility for making any payments due thereunder.
 
  	23.6.2 	Global Third Party License.
 
  	(a) 	With respect to any Third Party License to (i) Develop or 
Manufacture Product in the Territory and the Reserved Territory, or (ii) 
Commercialize Product in the Field in the Territory and the Reserved 
Territory (Global Third Party License), the Parties (through the JSC) 
shall determine whether to obtain such Global Third Party License and which 
Party will be responsible for negotiating such license (it being agreed 
that if such Global Third Party License relates to the US then ARIAD US 
shall be the Party responsible). If the Parties (through the JSC) do not 
agree to obtain such Global Third Party License, cannot agree upon the 
negotiating Party or cannot agree on the final form of such Global Third 
Party License, ARIAD SWISSCO may enter into a Territory-Only Third Party 
License pursuant to the terms of 23.6.1.
 
  	(b) 	If the Parties proceed with a Global Third Party License, ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall be responsible for [***] of payments owed under such Global 
Third Party License that are attributable to the Territory (and may deduct 
such amounts from the royalties payable to ARIAD US pursuant to Section 
19.2) and ARIAD US shall be responsible for [***] of the payments 
attributable to the Territory and [***] of the payments attributable to the 
Reserved Territory.
 
68
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	23.6.3 	For Territory-Only Third Party Licenses other than those for 
which ARIAD SWISSCO has sole responsibility for payments, ARIAD SWISSCO 
shall keep ARIAD US reasonably informed with respect to the negotiations 
and deal terms relating to such license (including scope of the license and 
financial terms) and the ARIAD SWISSCO shall consider in good faith any 
comments, recommendations or analysis provided by ARIAD US. With respect to 
any Global Third Party License, the negotiating Party shall keep the other 
Party reasonably informed with respect to the negotiations and deal terms 
relating to such license (including scope of the license and financial 
terms), provide the other Party a reasonable opportunity to comment and 
consider in good faith all comments provided by the other Party and shall 
secure the written consent of the other Party prior to executing such 
Global Third Party License.


ARTICLE 24  CONFIDENTIALITY
 
24.1 	
Each Party shall treat as strictly confidential any information, data 
and/or document provided orally, visually, in writing or other form by or 
on behalf of the other Party or its Affiliates hereunder and not generally 
known to the trade and non-public information relating to the business of 
the disclosing Party or its Affiliates (all hereinafter referred to as the 
Confidential Information), and each receiving Party shall use the 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party solely for the purpose of 
and in accordance with this Agreement. Each Party may disclose Confidential 
Information of the other Party to its employees and agents and to the 
employees and agents of its Affiliates, Sublicensees (in the case of ARIAD 
SWISSCO), Subcontractors (in the case of ARIAD SWISSCO) and other Third 
Party contractors solely for purposes, and only to the extent reasonably 
required, to facilitate the performance of such Partys rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, provided that each such employee and 
agent and such Sublicensee, Subcontractor or other Third Party contractor, 
as applicable, has confidentiality obligations with such receiving Party 
containing provisions that protect the Confidential Information of the 
disclosing Party that are materially equivalent to, or more protective 
than, the provisions of this ARTICLE 24. In addition, ARIAD US and ARIAD 
SWISSCO each agrees that the other Party may disclose its Confidential 
Information (a) to such other Partys legal and financial advisors, (b) as 
reasonably necessary in connection with an actual or potential (i) debt or 
equity financing of such other Party, (ii) merger, acquisition, 
consolidation, share exchange or other similar transaction involving such 
Party and any Third Party, or (iii) prosecution, defense or enforcement of 
any patent pursuant to ARTICLE 23 or of any litigation, (c) as reasonably 
required in preparing Regulatory Documentation and obtaining Registrations, 
(d) to comply with Applicable Law or any obligation in this Agreement, (e) 
in communications with existing or bona fide prospective acquirers, merger 
partners, lenders (including PDL BioPharma Inc. under the PDL Agreements) 
or investors, and consultants and advisors in connection with transactions 
or bona fide prospective transactions with the foregoing, in each case on a 
need-to-know basis and under appropriate confidentiality provisions 
substantially equivalent to those of this Agreement; provided, however, 
that the receiving Party
 
69
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 shall remain responsible for any violation of such confidentiality 
provisions by any Third Party receiving such Confidential Information; (f) 
to its Affiliates, Sublicensees or prospective Sublicensees, Subcontractors 
or prospective Subcontractors (including Third Party manufacturers), 
consultants, agents and advisors on a need-to-know basis in order for the 
receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under 
this Agreement, each of whom prior to disclosure must be bound by 
obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use of such Confidential 
Information that are no less restrictive than those set forth in this 
ARTICLE 24; provided, however, that, in each of the above situations, the 
receiving Party shall remain responsible for any failure by any Person who 
receives Confidential Information pursuant to this Section 24.1(f) to treat 
such Confidential Information as required under this ARTICLE 24 and (g) for 
any other purpose with the other Partys written consent, not to be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Except as set forth in the 
two preceding sentences, neither Party shall make Confidential Information 
of the other Party available to any Third Party, or any of its Affiliates, 
except in accordance with Section 24.3 or to applicable government agencies 
as required by Applicable Laws, and in this case (1) solely to the extent 
required by such Applicable Laws (based on advice of legal counsel) and (2) 
only upon exercise of its reasonable efforts to cause said agencies to 
maintain confidentiality thereof.
 
24.2 	Subject to any different arrangements agreed in writing by the 
Parties pursuant to this Agreement, prior to the publication or 
presentation of any information or data arising from any Development 
activity performed by a Party or its Affiliates pursuant to ARTICLE 5, or 
other Development activities performed hereunder, the Developing Party 
shall submit to the other Party a summary of the proposed publication or 
presentation at least [***] prior to the submission thereof for publication 
or presentation. The purposes for such prior submission are: (i) to provide 
the non-Developing Party with the opportunity to review and comment on the 
contents of the proposed publication or presentation; and (ii) to identify 
any Confidential Information to be deleted from the proposed publication or 
presentation. Any Confidential Information identified by the 
non-Developing Party shall be deleted prior to publication or presentation.
 
24.3 	Notwithstanding expiration or termination of this Agreement for any 
reason, the foregoing confidentiality and non-use obligations shall 
continue for a period of [***] after expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this ARTICLE 
24 shall in any way restrict or impair the right of either Party to use, 
disclose or otherwise deal with Confidential Information of the disclosing 
Party, which the receiving Party can demonstrate by competent written 
evidence:
 
  	24.3.1 	is or hereafter becomes part of the public domain through no act 
or omission of the receiving Party, its employees, Affiliates, sublicensees 
and/or subcontractors; or
 
  	24.3.2 	was in the lawful possession of the receiving Party prior to 
receipt of the Confidential Information from the disclosing Party; or
 
70
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	24.3.3 	previously was, or at any time hereafter is, provided to the 
receiving Party by a Third Party having the right to do so and which did 
not originate directly or indirectly from the disclosing Party; or
 
  	24.3.4 	at the time of disclosure, was known by the receiving Party or 
an Affiliate, sublicensee or subcontractor other than as a result of 
disclosure to such party by the disclosing Party;
 
  	24.3.5 	or after disclosure was independently developed by the receiving 
Party, an Affiliate, sublicensee or subcontractor without use of the 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party.
 
24.4 	The content of this Agreement shall constitute Confidential 
Information of each Party and shall be treated by both Parties in 
accordance with the provisions of this ARTICLE 24 and Section 30.9 (Public 
Statements).


ARTICLE 25  TERM
 
25.1 	This Agreement comes into force at the Effective Date hereof and 
shall remain in effect country by country of the Territory until the 
expiration of the Royalty Term in such country, unless earlier terminated 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.


ARTICLE 26  TERMINATION
 
26.1 	
Uncured Material Breach. If either Party (the Non-Breaching Party) 
believes that the other Party (the Breaching Party) is in material breach 
of any of its obligations under this Agreement, then the Non-Breaching 
Party may deliver written notice of such material breach to the Breaching 
Party specifying the nature of the breach (a Default Notice). The 
Breaching Party shall have [***] (or [***] in the event of a payment 
breach) from the receipt of the Default Notice to cure such breach or to 
dispute the allegation of breach; provided that, if such breach (other than 
a payment breach) is capable of being cured, but cannot be cured within 
such [***] period, and the Breaching Party initiates actions to cure such 
breach within such period and thereafter diligently pursues such actions, 
the Breaching Party shall have such additional period as is reasonable to 
cure such breach, but in no event will such additional period exceed [***]. 
If the Breaching Party fails to cure, and fails to dispute, such breach 
within the applicable cure period, then the Non-Breaching Party may pursue 
any or all available remedies at law or equity but may not terminate this 
Agreement; provided, that, if such material breach materially diminishes, 
or materially frustrates, the value of this Agreement taken as a whole to 
the Non-Breaching Party, then the Non-Breaching Party shall have the right 
to terminate this Agreement (1) if such material breach and failure to cure 
is solely with respect to a particular country or countries, such right to 
terminate this Agreement shall be solely with respect to such country or 
countries, as applicable, or (2) if such material breach and failure to 
cure is not solely with respect to a particular country or countries, such 
right to terminate this Agreement shall be with respect to this Agreement 
in its entirety. The Non-Breaching Party may effectuate such termination by 
giving the Breaching Party written notice of termination, which termination 
shall be effective
 
71
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 immediately upon the Breaching Partys receipt of such notice of 
termination. If the Breaching Party disputes in good faith the existence or 
materiality of a breach specified in a Default Notice or disputes any 
allegation that the Breaching Party failed to cure or remedy such breach, 
and the Breaching Party provides written notice of such dispute to the 
Non-Breaching Party within the above applicable cure period, the matter 
shall be addressed under the dispute resolution procedures in ARTICLE 29 
(and during the pendency of such dispute resolution, the Non-Breaching 
Party may not terminate this Agreement). If, as a result of the application 
of such dispute resolution procedures, the Breaching Party is determined to 
be in material breach of any provision of this Agreement (an Adverse 
Ruling), and if the Breaching Party fails to complete the actions 
specified by the Adverse Ruling to cure such material breach within [***] 
after its receipt of such Adverse Ruling (or within [***] in the case of an 
Adverse Ruling resulting from a payment breach), then, if such Adverse 
Ruling specifies that such material breach materially diminishes, or 
materially frustrates, the value of this Agreement taken as a whole to the 
Non-Breaching Party, the Non-Breaching Party may terminate this Agreement 
with respect to such particular country or countries, or with respect to 
this Agreement in its entirety, as applicable in accordance with clauses 
(1) and (2) above, by giving the Breaching Party written notice of 
termination, which termination shall be effective immediately upon the 
Breaching Partys receipt of such notice of termination.
 
26.2 	Bankruptcy or Insolvency.
 
  	26.2.1 	Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement 
immediately upon written notice to the other Party, if such other Party or 
any of its Affiliates (i) files a petition under any bankruptcy act or has 
any such petition filed against it that is not discharged within [***] of 
the filing thereof, (ii) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, 
or (iii) appoints or suffers appointment of a receiver or trustee over 
substantially all of its property that is not discharged within [***] after 
such filing.
 
  	26.2.2 	
All licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement are, and shall 
otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country or 
jurisdiction, licenses of rights to intellectual property as defined 
under Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that ARIAD 
SWISSCO, as licensee of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and 
may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country or 
jurisdiction. The Parties further agree that, in the event of the 
commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by or against ARIAD US under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country or 
jurisdiction which proceeding is not terminated or withdrawn within [***] 
after such commencement, ARIAD SWISSCO shall be entitled (unless ARIAD US 
elects to continue to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement) 
to a complete duplicate of (or complete access to, as appropriate) any such 
intellectual property and all embodiments of such intellectual property 
necessary to exercise its license rights granted hereunder, which, if not 
already in the ARIAD SWISSCOs possession, shall be promptly delivered to 
it (i) after [***] following any such commencement of a bankruptcy
 
72
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 proceeding, upon ARIAD SWISSCOs written request therefor (unless ARIAD 
US elects to continue to perform all of its obligations under this 
Agreement), or (ii) if not delivered under subsection (i) above, following 
the rejection of this Agreement by or on behalf of ARIAD US, upon written 
request therefor by ARIAD SWISSCO.
 
26.3 	Termination for Force Majeure. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Agreement also may be terminated as set forth in ARTICLE 27 (Force 
Majeure).
 
26.4 	Termination by ARIAD SWISSCO for Convenience. At any time after the 
three (3) year anniversary of the Effective Date, ARIAD SWISSCO may 
terminate this Agreement in its entirety, or on a country-by-country 
basis, for any or no reason, upon twelve (12) months prior written notice 
to ARIAD US.
 
26.5 	Termination by ARIAD US. If ARIAD SWISSCO and its Affiliates fail to 
meet at least [***] of the minimum expenditure obligations set forth in 
Section 15.2 in each of two (2) consecutive calendar years, and if ARIAD 
SWISSCO fails to exceed by at least [***] the minimum expenditure 
obligations in each of the succeeding two years, then ARIAD US may 
terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon [***] prior written notice to 
ARIAD SWISSCO. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
the provisions of this Section 26.5 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy 
of ARIAD US in this event.
 
26.6 	Effects of Termination and Expiration.
 
  	26.6.1 	Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall 
not extinguish any existing claims either of the Parties may have for 
indemnification pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and 
shall not preclude either of the Parties from pursuing any claim for 
indemnification such Party otherwise may have pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement to the extent that the circumstances giving 
rise to such claim arose prior to, on or after the date of termination or 
expiration of this Agreement. Furthermore, the termination or expiration 
this Agreement shall have no effect on a Partys obligation to make any 
payment accruing prior to the date of termination or expiration.
 
  	26.6.2 	Following expiration of the Royalty Term, the grants in Section 
2.1 shall become exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual and 
irrevocable.
 
  	26.6.3 	Upon termination of this entire Agreement by ARIAD US under 
Sections 26.1, 26.2, or 26.5 or by ARIAD SWISSCO under Section 26.4, or 
under ARTICLE 27 for Force Majeure, the Transition Back Arrangements shall 
apply and shall be implemented by the Parties.
 
  	26.6.4 	
In the event of termination of this Agreement by ARIAD US under Section 
26.1 in relation to a particular country or countries all rights granted to 
ARIAD SWISSCO in relation to such country or countries shall terminate and 
ARIAD SWISSCO shall cease any use and/or exploitation of the Registration 
with respect to the Product in the terminated country or countries and 
shall promptly and unconditionally transfer such Registration
 
73
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 to ARIAD US or to ARIAD USs nominee or if not so assignable, permit 
ARIAD US or such nominee to cross-refer to such Registration when applying 
for a new registration in their own name. ARIAD SWISSCO shall cease 
Commercializing the Product in the terminated country or countries, subject 
to a [***] sell off period.
 
  	26.6.5 	Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, ARIAD 
SWISSCO shall have the right but not the obligation to sell all or a part 
of ARIAD SWISSCOs remaining stocks of the Product.


ARTICLE 27  FORCE MAJEURE
 
27.1 	If the performance of this Agreement is prevented or restricted by 
government action, war, fire, explosion, flood, strike, lockout, embargo, 
epidemics, pandemics, quarantines, acts of terrorism, lockouts or other 
labor disturbances, act of God, failures of common carriers, or any other 
similar cause beyond the control of the defaulting Party, or supply 
failures due to the foregoing or similar causes beyond the control of the 
defaulting Partys suppliers or contractors, the Party so affected shall be 
released for the duration of the force majeure, or such other period agreed 
between the Parties as being reasonable in all circumstances, from its 
contractual obligations directly affected by the force majeure, provided 
that the Party concerned shall:
 
  	(a) 	give prompt notice in writing to the other Party of the cause of 
force majeure;
 
  	(b) 	use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to avoid or remove such cause 
of non-performance; and
 
  	(c) 	continue the full performance of this Agreement as soon as such 
cause is removed.
 
27.2 	The Parties shall take all reasonable steps to minimize the effects 
of force majeure on the performance of this Agreement and shall, if 
necessary, agree upon appropriate measures to be taken. Should the force 
majeure continue for more than [***], then the Party not affected by such 
force majeure shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately 
upon written notice to the affected Party.
 
27.3 	Notwithstanding anything contained in this ARTICLE 27, obligations to 
pay money are never excused by force majeure.


ARTICLE 28  LAW TO GOVERN
 
28.1 	This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the law of the State of New York, United States of America, excluding any 
conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise make this 
Agreement subject to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.
 
74
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 29  DISPUTE RESOLUTION
 
29.1 	Generally. The Parties recognize that disputes as to matters arising 
under or relating to this Agreement or either Partys rights and/or 
obligations hereunder may arise from time to time. It is the objective of 
the Parties to establish procedures to facilitate the resolution of such 
disputes in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without resort to 
litigation. To accomplish this objective, the Parties agree to follow the 
procedures set forth in this ARTICLE 29 to resolve any such dispute if and 
when it arises.
 
29.2 	Escalation to Senior Officers. If an unresolved dispute as to matters 
arising under or relating to this Agreement or either Partys rights and/or 
obligations hereunder arises (other than any dispute at the JSC which is 
subject to the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Section 4.7, or 
any other matter that is expressly subject to either Partys final 
decision-making authority or final approval as set forth elsewhere herein), 
either Party may refer such dispute to the Senior Officers or their 
respective designees, who shall meet in person or by telephone within [***] 
after such referral to attempt in good faith to resolve such dispute and 
each Senior Officer may include a relevant subject matter expert relevant 
to the dispute. If such matter cannot be resolved by discussion of such 
officers within such [***] period (as may be extended by mutual written 
agreement), such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 29.3. 
The Parties acknowledge that these discussions between the Parties to 
resolve disputes are settlement discussions under applicable rules of 
evidence and without prejudice to either Partys legal position.
 
29.3 	Jurisdiction. Any unresolved dispute that was the subject of Section 
29.2 (and for which a Party does not have final decision making authority) 
shall be brought exclusively in the federal courts of the United States of 
America located in New York City, New York (and each party hereby consents 
to personal jurisdiction and venue in, and agrees to service of process 
issued or authorized by, such court); provided that either Party may seek 
injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction with respect to 
any claim for specific performance or injunctive or other equitable relief 
as a remedy for a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement and either 
Party may seek the enforcement of any award of damages, in any court of 
competent jurisdiction.


ARTICLE 30  MISCELLANEOUS
 
30.1 	
Entire Agreement. Each schedule, exhibit or appendix hereto is integral to 
this Agreement and is hereby incorporated herein. This Agreement supersedes 
all prior agreements and understandings, including the CDA, the Buy-In 
License Agreement, CSA Agreement, whether oral or written, made by either 
Party or between the Parties and constitutes the entire Agreement of the 
Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof. It shall not be 
considered extended, cancelled or amended in any respect unless done so in 
writing and signed on behalf of the Parties hereto. Information disclosed 
by either Party or its Affiliates under the CDA shall be governed by the 
CDA until the Effective Date of this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be 
Confidential Information of the applicable Party disclosed hereunder and 
subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement from and 
including the Effective
 
75
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Date for the duration set forth herein. If there is any conflict 
between any provision of the main body of this Agreement and any provision 
set forth in a schedule, exhibit or appendix hereto (each of which is 
hereby incorporated herein), the provision set forth in the main body of 
this Agreement shall govern.
 
30.2 	Severability. The Parties hereby expressly state that neither Party 
intends to violate any rule, law or regulation. If any provision of this 
Agreement is in violation of any rule, law or regulation it shall be 
invalid and unenforceable, without affecting the validity or enforceability 
of other provisions of this Agreement. The Parties agree to renegotiate 
such provision in good faith and, to the extent possible, to replace it 
with valid and enforceable provisions in such a way as to reflect as nearly 
as possible the intent and purpose of the original provision.
 
30.3 	Independent contractor status. The status of ARIAD US and ARIAD 
SWISSCO under the business arrangement established by this Agreement is 
that of independent contractors. When ARIAD SWISSCO acquires Products from 
ARIAD US or ARIAD USs nominee it shall Commercialize them to its Customers 
in its own name, and for its own account. Neither Party has authority 
whatsoever to act as an agent or representative of the other Party except 
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nor any authority or power to 
contract in the name of or create any Liability against or otherwise bind 
the other Party or its Affiliate in any way for any purpose, nor shall 
ARIAD US or its Affiliate have such authority or power to so bind ARIAD 
SWISSCO.
 
30.4 	Notices. Other than routine communications made through the JSC, its 
subcommittees or project teams, or the Alliance Managers within the remit 
of such committees or persons, as contemplated elsewhere herein, all 
reports, notices, approvals and communications required or permitted to be 
made pursuant to this Agreement by one Party to the other shall be validly 
given or made for all purposes, in the absence of acknowledgement of 
receipt, on the date of mailing if mailed by registered airmail or by 
international courier to the addressee Party at the following addresses, 
respectively:

Notices to ARIAD US:

ARIAD US Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
26 Landsdowne Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139-4234
USA
Attention: General Counsel
Tel: [***]

With copies (which shall be required but shall not itself constitute 
notice) to:

Baker & McKenzie LLP
100 New Bridge Street
London, EC4V 6JA
United Kingdom
Attention: J. Hobson
Tel: [***]
 
76
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notices to ARIAD SWISSCO:

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Europe) Sárl
Route de La Corniche 1
1066 Epalinges
Switzerland
Attention: Laurent Chardonne
Tel: [***]

With copies (which shall be required but shall not itself constitute 
notice) to:

Incyte Corporation
1801 Augustine Cut-Off
Wilmington, DE 19803
United States of America
Attention: General Counsel
Tel: [***]

and

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
502 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540-6241
United States
Attention: Randall B. Sunberg
Tel: [***]
 
30.5 	Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be 
binding upon, the respective successors of the Parties. For the avoidance 
of doubt, subject to ARTICLE 16, the continued existence of this Agreement 
shall not be affected in case of change of control of either Party.
 
30.6 	Waiver. The delay or failure of a Party to insist upon strict 
performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by the 
other Party shall not constitute a waiver of any of the provisions hereof 
and no waiver by a Party of any of said terms and conditions shall be 
deemed to have been made unless expressed in writing and signed by such 
waiving Party.
 
30.7 	Interpretation.
 
  	30.7.1 	The language of this Agreement is English. No translation into 
any other language shall be taken into account in the interpretation of the 
Agreement itself.
 
  	30.7.2 	The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only 
and shall not affect its construction.
 
77
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	30.7.3 	Where appropriate, the terms defined in this Agreement and 
denoting a singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa. 
Unless otherwise stated, references to days means calendar days, references 
to quarters means calendar quarters beginning on the first of January, 
April, July and October and references to years means calendar years 
beginning on January 1.
 
  	30.7.4 	The word including and similar words and phrases mean 
including without limitation, whether or not expressly stated. The words 
herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer 
to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Articles or other 
subdivision. References to the singular include the plural. References to 
one gender include all genders.
 
  	30.7.5 	References to any law, regulation, statute or statutory 
provision includes a reference to the law, regulation, statute or statutory 
provision as from time to time amended, extended or re-enacted.
 
30.8 	Assignment.
 
  	30.8.1 	This Agreement and the rights conferred upon a Party under this 
Agreement cannot be transferred or assigned by a Party without the prior, 
written authorization of the other Party, which authorization shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, each Party may make such transfer or assignment without the 
other Partys consent to (i) its Affiliates or (ii) to a successor of all 
or substantially all of the business to which this Agreement relates, 
whether in a merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or any other 
transaction, provided that written notice of the transfer or assignment is 
provided to the other Party. With respect to an assignment to an Affiliate, 
the assigning Party shall remain responsible for the performance by such 
Affiliate of all of such Partys rights and obligations hereunder.
 
  	30.8.2 	This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
the Parties respective successors and permitted assigns.
 
30.9 	Public Statements.
 
  	30.9.1 	Subject to Section 30.9.2, neither Party shall make any public 
announcement concerning this Agreement or the subject matter hereof without 
the prior written consent of the other Party or as provided in the Share 
Purchase Agreement. Once initial consent to a particular disclosure or 
public announcement has been given and the disclosure or statement has been 
made concerning particular subject matter, each Party may make any further 
public statement concerning such subject matter so long as any such public 
statement is accurate and not inconsistent with the prior public 
disclosures or public statements approved by the other Party pursuant to 
this Section 30.9.1 and does not reveal non-public information about the 
other Party, the Compound or the Product.
 
78
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	30.9.2 	In the event that a Party is, based on the advice of the 
disclosing Partys counsel, required by Applicable Laws or the rules of a 
stock exchange on which its securities are listed (or to which an 
application for listing has been submitted) to make a public disclosure 
regarding this Agreement or its subject matter (including the terms of this 
Agreement), such Party shall submit the proposed disclosure (or proposed 
redacted copy of the Agreement, as applicable) in writing to the other 
Party as far in advance as reasonably practicable (and in no event less 
than [***] prior to the anticipated date of disclosure) so as to provide a 
reasonable opportunity for the other Party to comment thereon. Neither 
Party shall be obligated to obtain approval from the other Party with 
respect to any filings made with the applicable securities exchange 
commission. Neither Party shall be required to seek the permission of the 
other Party to repeat any information regarding the terms of this Agreement 
or any amendment thereto that has already been publicly disclosed by such 
Party, or by the other Party, in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, provided such information remains accurate as of such time and 
provided the frequency and form of such disclosure are reasonable.
 
  	30.9.3 	Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or as required 
by Applicable Law (or the regulations of applicable stock exchanges), 
neither Party may use the other Partys trademarks, service marks or trade 
names, or otherwise refer to or identify that other Party in marketing or 
promotional materials, press releases, statements to news media or other 
public announcements, without the other Partys prior written consent, 
which that other Party may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.
 
30.10 	Expenses. Unless specifically and expressly provided for to the 
contrary in this Agreement, a Party who has an obligation or right to take 
an action under this Agreement shall be solely responsible for any and all 
expenses associated with such action.
 
30.11 	Survival. The following Articles and Sections shall survive 
expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: ARTICLE 1 (to 
the extent necessary to give force to, or otherwise understand, surviving 
provisions), ARTICLE 16, Sections 19.8, 19.9, 22.1, 22.2, 22.3, 22.4, 22.5, 
and 22.6, ARTICLE 24, Section 26.6, ARTICLE 28, ARTICLE 29 (with respect to 
any matters commenced prior to expiration or termination), and Sections 
30.1, 30.2, 30.4, 30.7, 30.11, 30.12, 30.13, 30.14, and 30.18.
 
30.12 	Waiver of Contra Proferentem Rule of Construction. Each Party has 
had the opportunity to consult with counsel in connection with the review, 
drafting and negotiation of this Agreement. Accordingly, the rule of 
construction that any ambiguity in this Agreement shall be construed 
against the drafting Party shall not apply.
 
30.13 	Remedies to be cumulative. Each Partys remedies under this 
Agreement and under the law are intended to be cumulative, and not mutually 
exclusive.
 
79
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
30.14 	Counterparts. The Parties may execute this Agreement in multiple 
counterparts, each of which constitutes an original as against the Party 
that signed it, and all of which together constitute one agreement. This 
Agreement is effective upon delivery of one executed counterpart from each 
Party to the other Parties. The signatures of all Parties need not appear 
on the same counterpart. The delivery of signed counterparts by facsimile 
or email transmission that includes a copy of the sending Partys 
signature(s) is as effective as signing and delivering the counterpart in 
person.
 
30.15 	Further Assurance. Each Party shall duly execute and deliver, or 
cause to be duly executed and delivered, such further instruments and do 
and cause to be done such further acts and things, including the filing of 
such assignments, agreements, documents, and instruments, as may be 
necessary or as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with 
this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes 
hereof, or to better assure and confirm unto such other Party its rights 
and remedies under this Agreement.
 
30.16 	No Joint Venture. Nothing in this Agreement creates a joint venture 
or partnership between the Parties. This Agreement does not authorize any 
Party (a) to bind or commit, or to act as an agent, employee or legal 
representative of, another Party, except as may be specifically set forth 
in other provisions of this Agreement, or (b) to have the power to control 
the activities and operations of another Party. The Parties are independent 
contractors with respect to each other under this Agreement. Each Party 
agrees not to hold itself out as having any authority or relationship 
contrary to this Section 30.16.
 
30.17 	No Third Party Rights. Nothing expressed or referred to in this 
Agreement will be construed to give any Third Party, other than the Parties 
to this Agreement, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or 
with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement except 
such rights as may inure to a successor or permitted assignee.
 
30.18 	Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT 
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY 
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IN NEGOTIATION, EXECUTION AND DELIVERY, PERFORMANCE 
OR ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.
 
30.19 	
Guaranty. Incyte Corporation hereby unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees to ARIAD US the full and timely payment and discharge of all 
ARIAD SWISSCOS payment obligations under this Agreement, including 
pursuant to Sections 5.3.1, 5.7.3, 5.9, 19.1, 19.2 and 19.4. This is a 
guarantee of payment, and not of collection, and Incyte Corporation 
acknowledges and agrees that this guarantee is absolute, full, 
unconditional and irrevocable, and no release or extinguishment of the 
obligations or liabilities of ARIAD SWISSCO, whether by decree in any 
bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, shall affect the continuing validity 
and enforceability of this guarantee, as well as any provision requiring or 
contemplating payment by Incyte Corporation.
 
80
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 Incyte Corporations guarantee under this Section 30.19 shall continue 
irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this 
Agreement against ARIAD SWISSCO as a result of any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws affecting or relating to 
creditors rights generally, (ii) any modification, amendment, consent, 
extension, waiver of or consent under this Agreement that may be agreed to 
by ARIAD SWISSCO, (unless also agreed to by ARIAD US and Incyte 
Corporation) or (iii) any change in the ownership of ARIAD SWISSCO or any 
other Person, any merger or consolidation of ARIAD SWISSCO or any other 
Person into or with any other Person, or any sale, lease or other transfer 
of the assets of ARIAD SWISSCO or any other Person to any other Person. 
Incyte Corporation hereby waives, for the benefit of ARIAD US and its 
successors, (A) any right to require ARIAD US, as a condition of payment by 
Incyte Corporation, to proceed against ARIAD SWISSCO or pursue any other 
remedy whatsoever (provided, that, in the case of payments due by ARIAD 
SWISSCO under this Agreement, ARIAD US shall have, where applicable, issued 
an invoice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and taken such 
other actions as are specifically required by the terms of this Agreement 
to obtain payment and, where applicable, waited the applicable payment 
period) and (B) to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any 
defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by Applicable Law 
which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, except to 
the extent that any such defense would excuse the performance by ARIAD 
SWISSCO under the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, ARIAD 
US hereby agrees that Incyte Corporation shall have all defenses to its 
obligations hereunder that would be available to ARIAD SWISSCO under this 
Agreement.

[Remainder of page intentionally blank; signature page follows]
 
81
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed in duplicate by their duly authorized officers as of the Effective 
Date.
 
For and on behalf of 	  	 	  	For and on behalf of
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 	  	 	  	ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Europe) Sarl
/s/ Manmeet S. Soni
  	 	  	
/s/ Jonathan Dickinson
Name: 	  	Manmeet S. Soni 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	Jonathan Dickinson
Title: 	  	Executive Vice President, Chief 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Manager
  	Financial Officer and Treasurer 	  	 	  	 	  	
Solely in its capacity as guarantor under Section 30.19, for and on behalf 
of 	  	 	  	 	  	
Incyte Corporation 	  	 	  	 	  	
/s/ Hervé Hoppenot
  	 	  	 	  	
Name: 	  	Hervé Hoppenot 	  	 	  	 	  	
Title: 	  	President and CEO 	  	 	  	 	  	

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Buy-In License Agreement
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.18

ARIAD US TRADEMARKS

TRADEMARKS - TERRITORY

{Redacted Appendix 1.18 content comprises 3 pages}

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.21

BCR-ABL INHIBITOR COMPOUND ASSAY

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.35

COMMERCIALIZATION PLAN

(see attached)

{Redacted Appendix 1.35 content comprises 20 pages}
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.40

PONATINIB STRUCTURE

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.62

DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.128

PATENTS  TERRITORY

{Redacted Appendix 1.128 content comprises 2 pages}

[***]

PATENTS  DEVELOPMENT TERRITORY

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.134

PRIMARY EFFICACY ENDPOINT

The Primary Efficacy Endpoint means achieving the [***] by [***] defined 
according to standard criteria as £[***]% of [***] to [***] on the [***], 
measured by [***]. The primary analysis of the primary endpoint will be 
performed using [***]. The study will be stratified by [***] at baseline (
³[***] versus <[***]) and [***]) to compare the MMR rate by [***] between 
patients receiving either dose level of ponatinib (initial dose: [***] or 
[***]) and patients receiving nilotinib (initial dose: [***]) and will 
follow a testing procedure to ensure an [***]. An efficacy interim analysis 
is planned after the first [***] have at least [***] of [***]. To maintain 
an overall [***] of [***] (2-sided), an [***] will be used which requires a 
[***]. Thus, with 2 treatment comparisons significance will be declared for 
[***]. For each dose comparison, if this boundary is not crossed at the 
time of the interim analysis, then the primary analysis will be conducted 
[***] following the [***]. A [***] will be used to adjust for comparisons 
of Cohorts A and B to Cohort C, with a dose considered significant if the 
[***] is <[***].
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.138

PROPOSED STUDIES

(see attached)

{Redacted Appendix 1.138 content comprises 19 pages}
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.161

SUPERIORITY

Superiority means ponatinib has demonstrated [***] to nilotinib where, 
for any ponatinib arm the [***] is [***] at the interim or if both [***]. 
For each dose comparison, if this boundary is not crossed at the time of 
the interim analysis, then the primary analysis will be conducted [***] 
following the [***]. A [***] will be used to adjust for comparisons of 
Cohorts A and B to Cohort C, with a dose considered significant if the 
[***]. Additionally, both dose comparisons will be considered significant 
if [***] are [***] for the tests of the primary endpoint. The primary 
analysis will be based on the [***]. A sensitivity analysis of the primary 
endpoint will be performed on the [***], with patients not [***] treated as 
[***].
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.167

TERRITORY

Part A
 
European Union Countries
   	
[***]
1. 	   	Austria[***] 	   	[***]
2. 	   	Belgium[***] 	   	33. Turkey
3. 	   	Bulgaria 	   	[***]
4. 	   	Croatia 	   	41. Israel[***]
5. 	   	Cyprus 	   	[***]
6. 	   	Czech Republic[***] 	   	45. Norway[***]
7. 	   	Denmark[***] 	   	46. Russia
8. 	   	Estonia 	   	[***]
9. 	   	Finland[***] 	   	48. Switzerland
10. 	   	France[***] 	   	[***]
11. 	   	Germany[***] 	   	
12. 	   	Greece 	   	
13. 	   	Hungary[***] 	   	
14. 	   	Ireland[***] 	   	
15. 	   	Italy[***] 	   	
16. 	   	Latvia 	   	
17. 	   	Lithuania 	   	
18. 	   	Luxembourg[***] 	   	
19. 	   	Malta 	   	
20. 	   	Netherlands[***] 	   	
21. 	   	Poland[***] 	   	
22. 	   	Portugal[***] 	   	
23. 	   	Romania[***] 	   	
24. 	   	Slovakia[***] 	   	
25. 	   	Slovenia[***] 	   	
26. 	   	Spain[***] 	   	
27. 	   	Sweden[***] 	   	
28. 	   	United Kingdom (Scotland[***], Wales[***], England[***] and 
Northern Ireland) 	   	

[***]

[***]

[***]


Part B EU 16

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 1.175

TRANSITION BACK ARRANGEMENTS
 
1. 	Reversion
 
1.1 	All rights granted by ARIAD US to ARIAD SWISSCO hereunder including 
but not limited to the license granted in Section 2.1 shall [***].
 
1.2 	Subject to and in accordance with the Transition Plan referred to in 
para 2 below, ARIAD SWISSCO shall [***] of (A) the ARIAD US [***], (B) the 
[***], (C) [***], (D) the [***] (E) all [***], (F) all [***], (ii) where 
applicable, [***] all [***].
 
1.3 	ARIAD SWISSCO and its Affiliates shall, subject to the Transition 
Plan, [***].
 
1.4 	ARIAD SWISSCO shall [***] (i) the [***]; and (ii) [***] in accordance 
with the Transition Plan. [***] will notify [***] of the [***] of [***] 
within [***].
 
1.5 	The [***] shall continue.
 
2. 	Transition Plan

2.1 The Parties shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to agree, in good 
faith, a transition plan to transition (the Transition), from ARIAD 
SWISSCO to ARIAD US and/or its designee, responsibility for Development, 
Commercialization and Manufacturing activities (the Transition Plan). 
Such Transition Plan shall include [***], including [***].

2. 2 The Transition Plan shall be for a period not exceeding [***] from the 
date of termination of all or part of this Agreement, or any other shorter 
period as the Parties may agree in writing.
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. 	Registrations and Documentation
 
3.1 	In accordance with Applicable Laws, ARIAD US and ARIAD SWISSCO shall, 
as soon as is practicably possible after termination and in any event 
within [***] of termination, take such reasonable actions as are necessary 
to [***].
 
3.2 	ARIAD US and ARIAD SWISSCO shall execute all necessary and appropriate 
letters and applications to Regulatory Authorities (if any) to ensure that 
ownership of the Registrations are transferred to ARIAD US as soon as 
practicable.
 
3.3 	The date upon which Registration is registered in ARIAD USs name 
shall be known as the Transfer Date in respect of a particular 
Registration.
 
3.4 	In the event that such a transfer is not possible under Applicable 
Laws, ARIAD SWISSCO and ARIAD US shall each use Commercially Reasonable 
Efforts to [***] Regulatory Authority [***] Regulatory Authority [***].
 
3.5 	From (i) [***] Regulatory Authorities [***], until (ii) [***] 
Regulatory Authorities, ARIAD SWISSCO shall [***] required to [***].
 
4. 	Employees
 
4.1 	If, in the event of the termination of this Agreement by ARIAD SWISSCO 
pursuant to Section 26.4 or 26.5, the Transition Back Arrangements are 
implemented pursuant to this Agreement, it is [***] after the date of such 
implementation of the Transition Plan:

1. the Parties shall [***] to procure that any such [***]; and

2. if the Parties are not able to procure that the [***] the [***] may 
[***] including [***]; provided that the [***]. The [***] of this 
subparagraph (2) shall only apply in the event that [***].

For the purposes of this Paragraph 4, Transfer Regulations means the 
Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 and 
any other law implementing in any jurisdiction the European Council 
Directive 2001/23/EC on the approximation of laws of European member states 
relating to the safeguarding of employees rights in the event of transfers 
of undertakings, businesses or parts of undertakings or businesses as 
amended or replaced from time to time or any equivalent or analogous 
legislation or regulations in any other country within the Territory.
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 17.3

ISTs

{Redacted Appendix 17.3 content comprises 5 pages}

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 19.8.2

YEAR-END COMPENSATING PAYMENT

{Redacted Appendix 19.8.2 content comprises 3 pages}
 
1. 	[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 20

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES

{Redacted Appendix 20 content comprises 3 pages}

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIX 20.1.17

POST-MARKETING REQUIREMENTS

[***]
 
Portions of this Exhibit, indicated by the mark [***], were omitted and 
have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
pursuant to the Registrants application requesting confidential treatment 
pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.