 EX-10.1 2 apvo-ex101_309.htm EX-10.1
EXHIBIT 10.1
amendment No. 1 to CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is 
made as of this 11th day of May, 2017, by and among Aptevo Therapeutics 
inc., a Delaware corporation (“Aptevo Therapeutics”), APTEVO 
BIOTHERAPEUTICS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Aptevo 
BioTherapeutics”), APTEVO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (“Aptevo R&D”, and Aptevo R&D together with Aptevo 
Therapeutics and Aptevo BioTherapeutics, each individually, a “Borrower” 
and collectively, the “Borrowers”), MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST, a Delaware 
statutory trust, as Agent (in such capacity, together with its successors 
and assigns, “Agent”) and the other financial institutions or other 
entities from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement referenced 
below, each as a Lender.

RECITALS

A.Agent, Lenders and Borrowers have entered into that certain Credit and 
Security Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2016 (the “Original Credit 
Agreement” and as the same is amended hereby and as it may be further 
amended, modified, supplemented and restated from time to time, the “
Credit Agreement”), pursuant to which the Lenders have agreed to make 
certain advances of money and to extend certain financial accommodations to 
Borrowers in the amounts and manner set forth in the Credit Agreement.
 
B.Pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Original Credit Agreement, Borrowers are 
required to maintain a minimum Net Commercial Product Revenue for each 
applicable Defined Period and Borrowers failed to comply with such 
requirement for the Defined Period ending March 31, 2017 which failure 
constitutes an Event of Default under Section 10.1(a)(ii) of the Credit 
Agreement (the “Specified Event of Default”).
 
C.Borrowers have requested, and Agent and Lenders have agreed, to waive, 
ab initio, the Specified Event of Default and to amend certain provisions 
of the Original Credit Agreement to, among other things, modify the 
conditions to the availability of Term Loan Tranche 2, grant a springing 
lien in the Borrower’s Intellectual Property, and amend the Net Commercial 
Product Revenue covenant, all in accordance with the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth herein.
 
AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Agent, Lenders 
and Borrowers hereby agree as follows:

1.Recitals.  This Agreement shall constitute a Financing Document and the 
Recitals and each reference to the Credit Agreement, unless otherwise 
expressly noted, will be deemed to reference the Credit Agreement as 
amended hereby.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement (including 
those capitalized terms used in the Recitals hereto).

2.Limited Waiver.  

(a)At the request of and as an accommodation to the Borrowers and subject 
to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 
5 hereof, Agent and Required Lenders hereby waive, ab initio, the Specified 
Event of Default in accordance with the terms hereof.

MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)The limited waiver set forth in this Section 2 is effective solely for 
the purposes set forth herein and shall be limited precisely as written and 
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be deemed to (a) be a 
consent to any other amendment, waiver or modification of any term or 
condition of the Credit Agreement or of any other Financing Document; (b) 
prejudice any right that Agent or Lenders have or may have in the future 
under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Financing 
Document (other than in respect of the Specified Event of Default); (c) 
constitute a consent to or waiver of any past, present or future Default or 
Event of Default (other than the Specified Event of Default) or other 
violation of any provisions of the Credit Agreement or any other Financing 
Documents; (d) create any obligation to forbear from taking any enforcement 
action, or to make any further extensions of credit (other than in respect 
of the Specified Event of Default); or (e) establish a custom or course of 
dealing among any of the Credit Parties, on the one hand, or Agent or any 
Lender, on the other hand.

3.Amendments to Original Credit Agreement.  Subject to the satisfaction of 
the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 5 below, the Original 
Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a)The definition of “Collateral” in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit 
Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following words at the end 
thereof:

“but excluding any Excluded Property”

(b)Clause (b) of the definition of “Excluded Property” in Section 1.1 of 
the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following 
parenthetical after the words “property right” in the first line thereof:

“(including without limitation any jointly owned or jointly developed 
Intellectual Property rights)”

(c)Clause (c) of the definition of “Excluded Property” in Section 1.1 of 
the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its 
entirety as follows:

“(c)prior to the occurrence of a Springing IP Event, Intellectual Property 
except to the extent that it is necessary under applicable law to have a 
Lien and security interest in any such Intellectual Property in order to 
have a perfected Lien and security interest in and to IP Proceeds (
provided that, for avoidance of doubt, neither Agent nor any Lender shall 
have any right to transfer or dispose of any Intellectual Property as a 
result of this clause (c)), and for the avoidance of any doubt, the 
Collateral shall include, and Agent shall have a Lien and security interest 
in, (i) all IP Proceeds, (ii) all payments with respect to IP Proceeds that 
are received after the commencement of a bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding and (iii) except to the extent excluded by clause (b) above, all 
license and sublicense agreements to which any Borrower is a party and all 
rights granted to such Borrower thereunder, including without limitation, 
the license and sublicense agreements entered into between any Borrower and 
Emergent in connection with the Emergent Spinoff Transaction; provided, 
however, that, upon the occurrence of a Springing IP Event and continuing 
at all times thereafter (whether or not the Springing IP Event continues), 
Intellectual Property shall no longer constitute “Excluded Property” 
pursuant to this clause (c) (but may, for the avoidance of doubt, be 
excluded by other clauses of this definition to the extent applicable) and 
the Collateral shall immediately include all Intellectual Property of each 
Borrower (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all IP Proceeds but 
excluding Intellectual Property excluded by other clauses of this 
definition) automatically and without notice or any further action by 
Agent, any Lender or any Credit Party; and”

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)The definition of “Excluded Property” in Section 1.1 of the Original 
Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new clause (d) immediately 
following clause (c) thereof and prior to the words “provided, however” as 
follows:

“(d)intent to use trademark applications.”

(e)The following definitions in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit 
Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety as follows:

““Fee Letter” means each agreement between Agent and Borrower relating to 
fees payable to Agent, for its own account, in connection with the 
execution of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any amendments 
and restatements thereof.”

““Security Document” means this Agreement, the Intellectual Property 
Security Agreement and any other agreement, document or instrument executed 
concurrently herewith or at any time hereafter pursuant to which one or 
more Credit Parties or any other Person either (a) Guarantees payment or 
performance of all or any portion of the Obligations, and/or (b) provides, 
as security for all or any portion of the Obligations, a Lien on any of its 
assets in favor of Agent for its own benefit and the benefit of the 
Lenders, as any or all of the same may be amended, supplemented, restated 
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms 
hereof.”

““Term Loan Tranche 2 Activation Date” means the date, if any, on which the 
Agent receives a Compliance Certificate delivered in accordance with 
Section 4.1, and such other documentation and information relating to the 
following conditions as Agent may reasonably request, evidencing to Agent’s 
reasonable satisfaction that (a) Borrower’s consolidated Net Commercial 
Product Revenue for the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding such 
date is greater than or equal to $40,000,000, and (b) Agent has received 
all documents, instruments and other agreements from Borrower and Borrower 
has taken such other actions as reasonably requested by Agent to perfect 
and maintain Agent’s first priority perfected security interest (subject to 
Permitted Liens), for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in Borrower’s 
Intellectual Property (other than Excluded Property).”

“Term Loan Tranche 2 Commitment Termination Date” means March 31, 2018.

(f)Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding 
the following definitions in the appropriate alphabetical order therein:

““First Amendment” means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit and 
Security Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2017, by and among Borrowers, Agent 
and the Lenders.”

““First Amendment Effective Date” means the first date that all of the 
conditions in Section 5 of the First Amendment are satisfied.”

““Intellectual Property Security Agreement” means an Intellectual Property 
Security Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G, which 
agreement shall become effective in accordance with the terms of Section 
4.16(f).

““Springing IP Event” means that, on any date, (a) the Borrowers have 
allowed, as of the close of business on any day, the aggregate amount of 
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by the Borrowers in Deposit 
Accounts or Securities Accounts that are

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
subject to a first priority perfected Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in 
favor of the Agent to be less than $25,000,000 or (b) a borrowing of the 
Term Loan Tranche 2 has occurred.”

(g)Clause (b) of Section 4.16 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby 
amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

“(b)If Borrower obtains any Registered Intellectual Property (other than 
copyrights, mask works and related applications, which are addressed 
below), Borrower shall notify Agent on a quarterly basis and execute such 
documents and provide such other information (including, without 
limitation, copies of applications) and take such other actions as Agent 
shall request in its good faith business judgment to perfect and maintain a 
first priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in 
favor of Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in (x) prior to the 
occurrence of a Springing IP Event, the IP Proceeds or (y) upon the 
occurrence of a Springing IP Event, the Registered Intellectual Property 
(other than Excluded Property and any security interest that is not 
required to be perfected under the terms of this Agreement).  Upon the 
occurrence of a Springing IP Event, Borrower shall take such actions as 
Agent shall request in its good faith business judgment to perfect and 
maintain a first priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted 
Liens) in favor of Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in the 
Registered Intellectual Property (other than Excluded Property and any 
security interest that is not required to be perfected under the terms of 
this Agreement).”  

(h)Section 4.16 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
adding the following new clauses (f) through (h) thereto:

“(f)On the First Amendment Effective Date, each Borrower will execute and 
deliver to Agent the Intellectual Property Security Agreement.  The 
Intellectual Property Security Agreement shall be held in escrow by Agent, 
and shall not be in force and effect, unless and until the occurrence of 
the Springing IP Event, at which time (i) the Intellectual Property 
Security Agreement shall immediately and automatically become effective 
without any further action or consent by any Borrower and (ii) Agent shall 
be automatically authorized to file the Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement (including any updated schedules thereto delivered pursuant to 
Section 4.16(h)) with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or 
United States Copyright Office, as applicable.

(g)Upon the occurrence of a Springing IP Event and continuing at all times 
thereafter (whether or not the Springing IP Event continues), then 
automatically and without notice or any further action by Agent, any Lender 
or any Borrower (i) Agent shall be authorized to file UCC financing 
statements, financing statement amendments and security agreements 
(including any Intellectual Property Security Agreement) necessary or 
desirable to perfect such security interest in the Intellectual Property 
(other than Excluded Property and any security interest that is not 
required to be perfected under the terms of this Agreement), and (ii) each 
Borrower shall execute such other agreements and take such other actions as 
Agent may reasonably request to establish, perfect or protect Agent’s 
security interest in the Intellectual Property (other than Excluded 
Property and any security interest that is not required to be perfected 
under the terms of this Agreement).

(h)Borrowers shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business 
Days of the occurrence thereof) provide Agent and each Lender with written 
notice of the occurrence of a Springing IP Event, which notice shall be 
accompanied by a certificate from an authorized executive officer from each 
Borrower (A) acknowledging that the Springing IP Event has occurred, (B) 
specifying the date on which the Springing IP Event

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
occurred, and (C) acknowledging that Agent may exercise any rights it may 
have under this Agreement or any other Financing Document with respect to 
the Springing IP Event.  Without limiting the foregoing, Borrowers shall 
promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days of the occurrence of a 
Springing IP Event) provide Agent a supplement to the Intellectual Property 
Security Agreement certifying to and attaching true, correct and complete 
copies of updated schedules to the Intellectual Property Security Agreement 
and certifying that all Intellectual Property owned by each Borrower and 
registered in the United States as of the date of such certification is 
reflected on such schedules (other than Excluded Property).”

(i)Section 9.2(c) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby is hereby 
amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

“(c)Without limiting the generality of Section 3.2, except with respect to 
any rights of any Borrower as a licensee under any license of Intellectual 
Property owned by another Person, and except for (x) the filing of 
financing statements under the UCC, (y) any change of ownership filings 
applications, authorizations, consents or other actions that may be 
required with respect to Permits and (z) after the Springing IP Event, the 
filing of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, duly completed with 
scheduled attached, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
and/or the United States Copyright Office (as the case may be), no 
authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing 
with, any Governmental Authority or consent of any other Person is required 
for (i) the grant by each Borrower to Agent of the security interests and 
Liens in the Collateral provided for under this Agreement and the other 
Security Documents (if any), or (ii) the exercise by Agent of its rights 
and remedies with respect to the Collateral provided for under this 
Agreement and the other Security Documents or under any applicable Law, 
including the UCC and neither any such grant of Liens in favor of Agent or 
exercise of rights by Agent shall violate or cause a default under any 
agreement between any Borrower and any other Person relating to any such 
collateral, including any license constituting Collateral to which a 
Borrower is a party, whether as licensor or licensee, with respect to any 
Intellectual Property, whether owned by such Borrower or any other Person.”

(j)Section 9.2(g)(ix) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
replacing the words “the foregoing” in the first line thereof with the 
words “this Agreement or any other Financing Document”.

(k)Section 9.2(g) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
adding a new clause (x) at the end thereof as follows:

“(x)  If, after the First Amendment Effective Date, any Borrower desires to 
enter into a Permitted License and the proposed licensee under such 
Permitted License requests that Agent enter into a non-disturbance 
agreement (or similar agreement) in connection with such Permitted License, 
Agent hereby agrees to negotiate in good faith and on a commercially 
reasonable basis with such Borrower and such licensee to enter into such a 
non-disturbance and attornment agreement with respect to the proposed 
Permitted License and the Intellectual Property that is the subject 
thereof, which shall provide (among other things) (A) that, notwithstanding 
any exercise of rights and/or remedies by the Agent under this Agreement 
after a Springing IP Event in respect of the Intellectual Property that is 
the subject of such Permitted License, such licensee shall continue to have 
the rights and licenses set forth in its license agreement to the extent 
that such licensee is in compliance with the terms thereof; provided that 
in the case of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to such 
Borrower the rights of such licensee and the Agent shall

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
be determined in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code (or other Laws 
applicable to such proceeding), (B) an acknowledgement and consent by such 
licensee of Agent’s security interest in the Collateral (including, to the 
extent applicable, such Permitted License and the Intellectual Property 
that is the subject thereof), and (C) that such Permitted License shall 
attorn to the owner of such Intellectual Property after such exercise of 
rights and remedies.”

(l)Schedule 6.2 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its 
entirety by a new Schedule 6.2 attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(m)The Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the attached 
Exhibit G as Exhibit G thereto, in appropriate alphabetical order therein.

4.Representations and Warranties; Reaffirmation of Security Interest. Each 
Borrower hereby confirms that each of the representations and warranties 
set forth in the Credit Agreement is true and correct in all material 
respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the text of 
such representation or warranty) with respect to such Borrower as of the 
date hereof except to the extent that any such representation or warranty 
relates to a specific date in which case such representation or warranty 
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date 
(without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the text of such 
representation or warranty).  Each Borrower confirms and agrees that all 
security interests and Liens granted to Agent continue in full force and 
effect, and that all Collateral remains free and clear of any Liens, other 
than those granted to Agent and Permitted Liens.  Nothing herein is 
intended to impair or limit the validity, priority or extent of Agent’s 
security interests in and Liens on the Collateral. Each Borrower 
acknowledges and agrees that the Credit Agreement, the other Financing 
Documents and this Agreement constitute the legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Borrower, and are enforceable against such Borrower in 
accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be 
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws relating to the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable 
principles.  

5.Conditions to Effectiveness.  This Agreement shall become effective as of 
the date on which each of the following conditions has been satisfied (or 
waived in writing by the Agent and the Required Lenders), as determined by 
Agent in its sole discretion:

(a)Borrowers, Agent and Required Lenders shall have delivered to Agent this 
Agreement, executed by an authorized officer of each such Person;

(b)Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent a duly executed copy of the 
Amended and Restated Fee Letter, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to Agent;

(c)Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent a duly executed Intellectual 
Property Security Agreement to be held in escrow, in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to Agent;

(d)Agent shall have filed UCC-3 amendment statements necessary to reflect 
the amendments set forth in this Agreement;

(e)Agent shall have received (i) reasonably satisfactory diligence of the 
Borrowers’ Intellectual Property, including without limitation customary 
intellectual property searches and (ii) lien searches and other searches as 
Agent determines necessary and as otherwise permitted by Section 7.3 of the 
Credit Agreement;

(f)all representations and warranties of Borrowers contained herein shall 
be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any 
materiality qualifier in the text of such

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
representation or warranty) as of the date hereof except to the extent that 
any such representation or warranty relates to a specific date in which 
case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all 
material respects as of such earlier date (without duplication of any 
materiality qualifier in the text of such representation or warranty) (and 
such parties’ delivery of their respective signatures hereto shall be 
deemed to be its certification thereof); and

(g)prior to and after giving effect to the agreements set forth herein, no 
Default or Event of Default (other than the Specified Event of Default) 
shall exist under any of the Financing Documents.

6.Release.  In consideration of the agreements of Agent and Lenders 
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Borrower, voluntarily, 
knowingly, unconditionally and irrevocably, with specific and express 
intent, for and on behalf of itself and all of its respective parents, 
subsidiaries, affiliates, members, managers, predecessors, successors, and 
assigns, and each of their respective current and former directors, 
officers, shareholders, agents, and employees, and each of their respective 
predecessors, successors, heirs, and assigns (individually and 
collectively, the “Releasing Parties”) does hereby fully and completely 
release, acquit and forever discharge each of Agent, Lenders, and each 
their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, managers, 
shareholders, directors, officers and employees, and each of their 
respective predecessors, successors, heirs, and assigns (individually and 
collectively, the “Released Parties”), of and from any and all actions, 
causes of action, suits, debts, disputes, damages, claims, obligations, 
liabilities, costs, expenses and demands of any kind whatsoever, at law or 
in equity, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, vested 
or contingent, choate or inchoate, known or unknown that the Releasing 
Parties (or any of them) has against the Released Parties or any of them 
(whether directly or indirectly), based in whole or in part on facts, 
whether or not now known, existing on or before the date hereof (and not, 
for the avoidance of doubt, arising at any time hereafter).  Each Borrower 
acknowledges that the foregoing release is a material inducement to Agent’s 
and each Lender’s decision to enter into this Agreement and agree to the 
modifications contemplated hereunder, and has been relied upon by Agent and 
Lenders in connection therewith.

7.No Waiver or Novation.  The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this 
Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, 
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Agent, nor constitute 
a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the Financing Documents 
or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed or delivered in 
connection with any of the foregoing.  Nothing herein is intended or shall 
be construed as a waiver of any existing Defaults or Events of Default 
under the Credit Agreement or the other Financing Documents (other than as 
expressly set forth in Section 2 hereof with respect to the Specified Event 
of Default) or any of Agent’s rights and remedies in respect of such 
Defaults or Events of Default (other than as expressly set forth in Section 
2 hereof with respect to the Specified Event of Default).  This Agreement 
(together with any other document executed in connection herewith) is not 
intended to be, nor shall it be construed as, a novation of the Credit 
Agreement.

8.Affirmation.  Except as specifically amended pursuant to the terms 
hereof, each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Credit 
Agreement and all other Financing Documents (and all covenants, terms, 
conditions and agreements therein) shall remain in full force and effect, 
and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by such Borrower.  
Each Borrower covenants and agrees to comply with all of the terms, 
covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the Financing 
Documents, notwithstanding any prior course of conduct, waivers, releases 
or other actions or inactions on Agent’s or any Lender’s part which might 
otherwise constitute or be construed as a waiver of or amendment to such 
terms, covenants and conditions.  

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
9.Miscellaneous.

(a)Reference to the Effect on the Credit Agreement. Upon the effectiveness 
of this Agreement, each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this 
Agreement,” “hereunder,” “hereof,” “herein,” or words of similar import 
shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this 
Agreement.    

(b)Incorporation of Credit Agreement Provisions.  The provisions contained 
in Section 11.6 (Indemnification) of the Credit Agreement are incorporated 
herein by reference to the same extent as if reproduced herein in their 
entirety.

(c)THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL DISPUTES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING HERETO OR 
ARISING THEREFROM (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW, TORT LAW OR 
OTHERWISE), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO 
CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES.

(d)EACH BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR 
FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, 
BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT, SUBJECT TO AGENT’S 
ELECTION, ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL BE LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS.  EACH BORROWER EXPRESSLY 
SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS AND WAIVES 
ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL 
SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS 
MAY BE MADE UPON SUCH BORROWER BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN 
RECEIPT REQUESTED, ADDRESSED TO SUCH BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN 
THIS AGREEMENT AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE COMPLETE TEN (10) DAYS AFTER 
THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED.

(e)EACH BORROWER, AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND 
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND 
AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND 
NOT BEFORE A JURY.  EACH BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, 
THAT EACH HAS RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND 
THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE 
DEALINGS.  EACH BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS 
THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL 
COUNSEL, AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL 
RIGHTS.

(f)Headings.  Section headings in this Agreement are included for 
convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this 
Agreement for any other purpose.

(g)Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery 
of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or by electronic 
mail delivery of an electronic version (e.g., .pdf or .tif file) of an 
executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of an original 
executed counterpart hereof and shall bind the parties hereto.

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(h)Entire Agreement.This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject 
matter hereof.

(i)Severability.  In case any provision of or obligation under this 
Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any applicable 
jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other 
jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

(j)Successors/Assigns.  This Agreement shall bind, and the rights hereunder 
shall inure to, the respective successors and assigns of the parties 
hereto, subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other 
Financing Documents.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGES]  
 
 

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, the undersigned have 
executed this Agreement as of the day and year first hereinabove set forth. 
 
 
 
AGENT:
MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST,
 
as Agent
 
 
 
By:  Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,
 
its investment manager
 
 
 
By:  Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,
 
its general partner
 
 
 
By:        /s/ Maurice Amsellem
 
Name: Maurice Amsellem
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
LENDER:
MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST,
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
By:  Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,
 
its investment manager
 
 
 
By:  Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,
 
its general partner
 
 
 
By:        /s/ Maurice Amsellem
 
Name: Maurice Amsellem
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
 


 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
LENDER:
APOLLO INVESTMENT CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
By:  Apollo Investment Management, L.P., as Advisor
 
By:  ACC Management, LLC, as its General Partner
 
 
 
 
 
By:        /s/ Tanner Powell
 
Name: Tanner Powell
 
Title: Authorized Signatory
 


 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
LENDER:
FLEXPOINT MCLS HOLDINGS LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
    /s/ Daniel Edelman
 
Name:
Daniel Edelman
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 


 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
LENDER:
ELM 2016-1 TRUST
 
 
 
 
By: MidCap Financial Services Capital Management, LLC, as Servicer
 
 
 
 
By:
    /s/ Adam Day
 
Name:
Adam Day
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 


 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
BORROWERS:
APTEVO THERAPEUTICS INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
    /s/ Jeffrey G. Lamothe
 
Name:
Jeffrey G. Lamothe
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
APTEVO BIOTHERAPEUTICS LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
    /s/ Jeffrey G. Lamothe
 
Name:
Jeffrey G. Lamothe
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
APTEVO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
    /s/ Jeffrey G. Lamothe
 
Name:
Jeffrey G. Lamothe
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 


 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit A

Schedule 6.2 – Minimum Net Commercial Product Revenue Schedule

 

Defined Period Ending
Minimum Net Commercial Product Revenue Amount
30-Sep-16
$34,847,470
31-Dec-16
$35,000,000
31-Mar-17
$34,000,000
30-Jun-17
$33,250,000
30-Sep-17
$34,000,000
31-Dec-17
$36,500,000
31-Mar-18
$38,000,000
30-Jun-18
$39,000,000
30-Sep-18
$40,000,000
31-Dec-18
$41,000,000
31-Mar-19
$42,000,000
30-Jun-19
$43,000,000
30-Sep-19
$44,000,000
31-Dec-19
$45,000,000
31-Mar-20
$45,500,000
30-Jun-20
$46,000,000
30-Sep-20
$46,500,000
31-Dec-20 and the last day of each calendar quarter occurring thereafter
$47,000,000
 


 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit G to Credit Agreement (Form of Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement)

 
 
 
 

 
MidCap / Aptevo / Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement
\\DC - 036639/000031 - 10303807