 EX-10.13 6 d253212dex1013.htm EX-10.13
Exhibit 10.13
FORM OF HILTON RESORTS CORPORATION
2017 EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

(Effective as of                         )

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HILTON RESORTS CORPORATION
EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 ARTICLE I TITLE AND DEFINITIONS
   	  	1 	  
  Section 1.1
  	
 Title
   	  	1 	  
  Section 1.2
  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
 ARTICLE II PARTICIPATION
   	  	5 	  
 ARTICLE III DEFERRAL ELECTIONS
   	  	5 	  
  Section 3.1
  	
 Elections to Defer Compensation
   	  	5 	  
  Section 3.2
  	
 Distribution Elections
   	  	7 	  
  Section 3.3
  	
 Investment Elections
   	  	8 	  
  Section 3.4
  	
 Subsequent Elections
   	  	9 	  
 ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTION OPTION ACCOUNTS
   	  	9 	  
  Section 4.1
  	
 Compensation Deferrals
   	  	9 	  
  Section 4.2
  	
 Company Contribution
   	  	10 	  
  Section 4.3
  	
 Investment Return
   	  	10 	  
 ARTICLE V VESTING
   	  	10 	  
  Section 5.1
  	
 Compensation Deferral
   	  	10 	  
  Section 5.2
  	
 Company Contribution
   	  	10 	  
 ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS
   	  	11 	  
  Section 6.1
  	
 Form and Timing of Distribution
   	  	11 	  
  Section 6.2
  	
 Small Benefit Cashout
   	  	12 	  
  Section 6.3
  	
 Payout
   	  	12 	  
  Section 6.4
  	
 Financial Hardship of Participant
   	  	12 	  
  Section 6.5
  	
 Permissible Distribution Event
   	  	13 	  
  Section 6.6
  	
 Payment by Trust
   	  	13 	  
  Section 6.7
  	
 Inability to Locate Participant
   	  	13 	  
 ARTICLE VII CHANGE IN CONTROL
   	  	14 	  
 ARTICLE VIII DEATH BENEFITS
   	  	14 	  
 ARTICLE IX CLAIMS PROCEDURES
   	  	14 	  
  Section 9.1
  	
 Claims
   	  	14 	  
  Section 9.2
  	
 Appeal
   	  	14 	  
  Section 9.3
  	
 Authority
   	  	15 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ARTICLE X ADMINISTRATION
   	  	15 	  
  Section 10.1
  	
 Administrator
   	  	15 	  
  Section 10.2
  	
 Administrator Action
   	  	15 	  
  Section 10.3
  	
 Powers and Duties of the Administrator
   	  	16 	  
  Section 10.4
  	
 Construction and Interpretation
   	  	16 	  
  Section 10.5
  	
 Information
   	  	17 	  
  Section 10.6
  	
 Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity
   	  	17 	  
  Section 10.7
  	
 Quarterly Statements
   	  	17 	  
 ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	17 	  
  Section 11.1
  	
 Unsecured General Creditor
   	  	17 	  
  Section 11.2
  	
 Restriction Against Assignment
   	  	18 	  
  Section 11.3
  	
 Withholding
   	  	18 	  
  Section 11.4
  	
 Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination
   	  	18 	  
  Section 11.5
  	
 Governing Law
   	  	18 	  
  Section 11.6
  	
 Receipt or Release
   	  	18 	  
  Section 11.7
  	
 Payments on Behalf of Persons Under Incapacity
   	  	19 	  
  Section 11.8
  	
 Headings
   	  	19 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HILTON RESORTS CORPORATION
2017 EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

WHEREAS, Hilton Resorts Corporation hereby establishes a deferred 
compensation plan (the Plan), effective as of the Effective Date, for 
deferrals with respect to Compensation to be earned or to be otherwise paid 
on or after the Effective Date, to provide supplemental retirement income 
benefits for a select group of management and highly compensated employees 
through deferrals of base salary and bonus compensation and, to the extent 
applicable, Company contributions; and

WHEREAS, as of the Effective Date, the account balances of certain 
participants in the Prior Plan were transferred to an Account under this 
Plan (the Transferred Balances). The Transferred Balances are balances 
deferred by HGV Employees under the Prior Plan, and the time and form of 
payment of the Transferred Balances shall be the same under this Plan as 
under the Prior Plan.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is hereby established, on the terms and conditions 
hereinafter set forth:


ARTICLE I
TITLE AND DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Title.

This Plan shall be known as the Hilton Resorts Corporation 2017 Executive 
Deferred Compensation Plan.


Section 1.2 Definitions.

Whenever the following words and phrases are used in this Plan, with the 
first letter capitalized, they shall have the meanings specified below.

Administrator shall mean the Person or Persons appointed by the Committee 
to administer the Plan in accordance with Article X, or such Person or 
Persons delegate.

Base Salary Deferral shall mean that portion of Base Salary as to which 
an Eligible Employee has made an irrevocable election to defer receipt of 
until the date specified under the In-Service Distribution Option, the 
Separation Distribution Option, and/or as otherwise specified under this 
Plan.

Beneficiary or Beneficiaries shall mean the Person or Persons, 
including a trustee, personal representative or other fiduciary, last 
designated in writing by a Participant in accordance with procedures 
established by the Administrator to receive all of the benefits specified 
hereunder in the event of the Participants death. No Beneficiary 
designation shall become effective until it is filed with the 
Administrator. If there is no Beneficiary designation in effect, or if 
there is no surviving designated Beneficiary, then the Participants 
surviving spouse shall be the Beneficiary. If there is no surviving spouse 
to receive any benefits payable in accordance with the preceding sentence, 
the duly appointed and currently acting personal
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
representative of the Participants estate (which shall include either the 
Participants probate estate or living trust) shall be the Beneficiary. In 
any case where there is no such personal representative of the 
Participants estate duly appointed and acting in that capacity within 90 
days after the Participants death (or such extended period as the 
Administrator determines is reasonably necessary to allow such personal 
representative to be appointed, but not to exceed 180 days after the 
Participants death), then Beneficiary shall mean the Person or Persons who 
can verify by affidavit or court order to the satisfaction of the 
Administrator that they are legally entitled to receive the benefits 
specified hereunder. In the event any amount is payable under the Plan to a 
minor, payment shall not be made to the minor, but instead be paid (i) to 
that Persons living parent(s) to act as custodian, (ii) if that Persons 
parents are then divorced, and one parent is the sole custodial parent, to 
such custodial parent, or (iii) if no parent of that Person is then living, 
to a custodian selected by the Administrator to hold the funds for the 
minor under the Uniform Transfers or Gifts to Minors Act in effect in the 
jurisdiction in which the minor resides. If no parent is living and the 
Administrator decides not to select another custodian to hold the funds for 
the minor, then payment shall be made to the duly appointed and currently 
acting guardian of the estate for the minor or, if no guardian of the 
estate for the minor is duly appointed and currently acting within 60 days 
after the date the amount becomes payable, payment shall be deposited with 
the court having jurisdiction over the estate of the minor.

Bonus Compensation Deferral shall mean that portion of Bonus Compensation 
as to which an Eligible Employee has made an irrevocable election to defer 
receipt of until the date specified under the In-Service Distribution 
Option and/or as otherwise specified under this Plan.

Change in Control shall mean a Change in Control under the Companys 
2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, which also 
constitutes a change in control event under Section 409A.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, or if no such committee exists, the full Board of Directors 
of the Company.

Company shall mean Hilton Resorts Corporation, any successor corporation 
and each corporation which is a member of a controlled group of 
corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code) of 
which Hilton Resorts Corporation is a component member.

Company Contribution shall equal the amount described in Section 4.2, if 
any.

Compensation shall mean the total salary paid to the Eligible Employee, 
including cash bonuses, in a Plan Year. An Eligible Employees 
Compensation shall consist of the Eligible Employees Base Salary as in 
effect from time to time during a Plan Year and the Eligible Employees 
Bonus Compensation which shall equal the amount of any cash incentive to 
be paid to an Eligible Employee under an incentive plan maintained by the 
Company and any other cash bonus of any kind.

Compensation Deferral means that portion of Compensation as to which a 
Participant has made an irrevocable election to defer receipt until the 
date specified under the In-Service Distribution Option, the Separation 
Distribution Option, and/or as otherwise specified under this Plan.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disabled or Disability shall mean that a Participant is disabled due to 
sickness or injury which qualifies the Participant for disability payments 
under the Companys long term disability plan. A Participant shall be 
considered totally and permanently disabled on the date the Participant 
qualifies for such long term disability payments.

Distribution Option shall mean the two distribution options which are 
available under the Plan, consisting of the Separation Distribution Option 
and the In-Service Distribution Option.

Distribution Option Account or Accounts shall mean, with respect to a 
Participant, the Separation Distribution Account and/or the In-Service 
Distribution Account(s) established on the books of account of the Company, 
pursuant to Article IV, for each Participant.

Effective Date shall mean the Distribution Date as defined in the 
Distribution Agreement by and among Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., Park 
Hotels & Resorts Inc., and the Company, dated as of             . 

Eligible Employee shall mean (i) officers of the Company at the Vice 
President level or higher, or (ii) Highly Compensated Employees who are 
selected by the Administrator to participate in the Plan pursuant to 
Article II.

Enrollment Agreement shall mean the authorization form which an Eligible 
Employee files with the Administrator to participate in the Plan and, with 
respect to the Plan Year in which the Effective Date occurs, the 
authorization form as in effect under the Prior Plan.

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended.

Fund or Funds shall mean one or more of the investments selected by the 
Administrator pursuant to Section 3.3(a).

HGV Employees shall mean (i) any individual designated as an HGV 
Employee in the Employee Matters Agreement by and between Hilton Worldwide 
Holdings Inc., Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., and the Company, dated as of     
        , and (ii) any individual who is an Eligible Employee and who 
commences employment with the Company upon or following the date hereof.

Highly Compensated Employee shall mean an employee of the Company who the 
Administrator, in its discretion, anticipates will receive Compensation in 
excess of the salary limitation contained in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code 
for the applicable Plan Year or who the Administrator otherwise determines 
to be a highly compensated employee or member of a select group of 
management within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) 
of ERISA.

In-Service Distribution Account or Accounts shall mean the Account(s) 
maintained for a Participant to which Compensation Deferrals and Company 
Contributions are credited pursuant to the In-Service Distribution Option.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
In-Service Distribution Option shall mean the Distribution Option 
pursuant to which benefits are payable in accordance with Article VI.

Investment Return shall mean, for each Fund, an amount equal to the net 
investment performance of such Fund on a given day, as determined by the 
Administrator.

Participant shall mean any Eligible Employee who elects to defer 
Compensation in accordance with Section 3.1.

Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust 
(charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization, or other form 
of business entity.

Plan shall mean the Hilton Resorts Corporation 2017 Executive Deferred 
Compensation Plan set forth herein, in effect as of the Effective Date, or 
as amended from time to time.

Plan Year shall mean the 12 consecutive month period beginning on a 
January 1.

Prior Plan shall mean the Hilton Hotels 2005 Executive Deferred 
Compensation Plan, as amended.

Retirement shall mean a Participants Separation from Service (for 
reasons other than death) on or after the combination of the Participants 
age and Years of Vesting Service equals at least 55.

Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.

Separation Date shall mean the date a Participant incurs a Separation 
from Service.

Separation Distribution Account shall mean the Account maintained for a 
Participant to which Compensation Deferrals and Company Contributions are 
credited pursuant to the Separation Distribution Option.

Separation Distribution Option shall mean the Distribution Option 
pursuant to which benefits are payable in accordance with Article VI.

Separation from Service shall mean a Participants separation from 
service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A.

Unforeseeable Financial Emergency shall mean: (i) a severe financial 
hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the 
Participant, the Participants spouse, beneficiary, or a dependent (as 
defined in Code Section 152(a)) of the Participant, loss of the 
Participants property due to casualty, the imminent foreclosure of or 
eviction from the Participants primary residence, the need to pay medical 
expenses (including nonrefundable deductibles) or prescription drug 
medications, the need to pay for funeral expenses of a spouse, beneficiary, 
or dependent, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable 
circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the 
Participant; or (ii) such other definition of unforeseeable emergency 
within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(ii).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year of Vesting Service shall mean a Year of Vesting Service as 
determined for purposes of the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan in 
which such Participant participates or most recently participated.


ARTICLE II
PARTICIPATION

Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, prior to December 31 of 
each Plan Year, the Administrator shall designate which Highly Compensated 
Employees shall become Eligible Employees for the following Plan Year. An 
Eligible Employee designated as a Participant shall thereafter, unless 
otherwise determined by the Administrator, be eligible to make a 
Compensation Deferral for each Plan Year. Participation in the Plan shall 
be made conditional upon an Eligible Employees acknowledgement, in writing 
or by making a deferral election under the Plan, that all decisions and 
determinations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on the 
Participant, the Participants beneficiaries and any other Person having or 
claiming an interest under the Plan.

As of the Effective Date, each HGV Employee with respect to whom a 
Transferred Balance is transferred to the Plan shall become a Participant 
in the Plan.


ARTICLE III
DEFERRAL ELECTIONS

Section 3.1 Elections to Defer Compensation.

(a) Each Eligible Employee may elect to make a Compensation Deferral by 
filing with the Administrator an election that conforms to the requirements 
set forth in this Article III, on an Enrollment Agreement provided by the 
Administrator, no later than December 31 of the Plan Year preceding the 
Plan Year for which the Compensation is to be earned and specifying whether 
the Participant elects a Base Salary Deferral or a Bonus Compensation 
Deferral or a combination, the Distribution Option Accounts to which such 
amounts will be credited, the form and timing of distribution and such 
other information as the Administrator shall require; provided, however, 
that for the Plan Year in which the Effective Date occurs, a deferral 
election under the Prior Plan shall be treated as a deferral election under 
this Section 3.1(a) and be given continuing effect under this Plan after 
the Effective Date for the remainder of such Plan Year.

(i) Notwithstanding (a) above, if an Eligible Employees Bonus Compensation 
is performance-based compensation as contemplated by Section 409A, the 
Administrator may allow the Eligible Employee to elect to defer all or a 
portion of such Eligible Employees Bonus Compensation for a Plan Year at a 
time determined by the Administrator, which may be no less than six months 
before the end of the applicable Plan Year in which such Bonus Compensation 
is to be earned.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) The Eligible Employee shall elect to allocate such Eligible Employees 
Compensation Deferrals (and any Company Contributions that may be credited 
with respect thereto) between the Distribution Options in whole percentage 
increments; provided that one hundred percent (100%) of such Deferrals (and 
Company Contributions) may be allocated to one or the other of the 
Distribution Options.

(iii) The Administrator may establish minimum or maximum amounts that may 
be deferred under this Section and may change such standards from time to 
time. Any such limits shall be communicated by the Administrator to the 
Participants prior to the commencement of a Plan Year. No Participant may 
have more than one Separation Distribution Account.

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Eligible Employee 
shall be permitted to defer Compensation which the Administrator reasonably 
determines is required to pay the Eligible Employees portion of payroll 
and other taxes and contributions towards benefits (including, but not 
limited to, medical, life, dental and disability) provided to the Eligible 
Employee and such Eligible Employees dependents.

(c) Any Compensation Deferral made under Section 3.1(a) above shall remain 
in effect and be irrevocable, notwithstanding any change in a Participants 
Compensation, for the entire Plan Year for which it is effective. A new 
Compensation Deferral election must be made for each Plan Year during which 
a Participant wishes to defer Compensation. If a Participant elects to 
allocate all or a portion of such Participants Compensation Deferrals to 
an In-Service Distribution Account, that election will remain effective 
only for the Plan Year to which the Enrollment Agreement relates. If the 
Participant does not elect an in-service distribution date for deferrals to 
the In-Service Distribution Account in a subsequent Plan Year, such 
deferrals shall automatically be allocated to the Participants Separation 
Distribution Account. Compensation Deferral elections shall be made on an 
Enrollment Agreement filed with the Administrator by December 31 of a Plan 
Year (or such earlier date as may be designated by the Administrator) to 
make a Compensation Deferral for Compensation to be earned on or after 
January 1 of the immediately following Plan Year.

(d) The Administrator may, in its discretion, permit Eligible Employees who 
first become Eligible Employees after the beginning of a Plan Year, 
including Eligible Employees who become Eligible Employees because they are 
promoted or hired by the Company on or after January 1 of a Plan Year to a 
position which has been designated by the Administrator as an Eligible 
Employee, to enroll in the Plan for that Plan Year by filing a completed 
and fully executed Enrollment Agreement as soon as practicable following 
the date the Employee is notified that of such Employees eligibility but, 
in any event, within 30 days after such date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, however, any Enrollment Agreement executed by an Eligible 
Employee, pursuant to this Section, to make a Compensation Deferral shall 
apply only to Compensation earned by the Eligible Employee after the date 
on which such Enrollment Agreement is filed.

(e) All deferral elections under the Plan shall be made in accordance with 
Section 409A.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.2 Distribution Elections.

Subject to Section 3.4, in the Enrollment Agreement, each Eligible Employee 
shall select the form and the timing of payment with respect to the 
Eligible Employees Compensation Deferral. An Eligible Employees deferral 
election under this Article III shall not be effective unless and until the 
Eligible Employee makes the required distribution elections under this 
Section 3.2. Each Eligible Employee shall make the following form and 
timing of payment elections:

(a) Retirement. An Eligible Employee shall elect the form of payment in 
which amounts credited to the Eligible Employees Distribution Option 
Accounts shall be paid where (i) the Eligible Employees Separation Date 
occurs on or after eligibility for Retirement and (ii) the amount to be 
distributed from all of the Eligible Employees Distribution Option 
Accounts exceeds $100,000 (taking into account all deferrals made to all of 
the Eligible Employees Distribution Option Accounts). The Eligible 
Employee may elect a lump sum, or quarterly, semi-annual or annual 
installments payable over 5, 10, 15 or 20 years. This form of payment 
election shall apply to all Compensation Deferrals credited on behalf of 
the Eligible Employee to such Eligible Employees Separation Distribution 
Account in any Plan Year in which the Eligible Employee makes Compensation 
Deferrals under this Plan, subject to change only in accordance with 
Section 3.4 below. In the event the amount to be distributed from a 
Participants Distribution Option Accounts upon a Separation from Service 
after eligibility for Retirement does not exceed $100,000 (taking into 
account all deferrals made to all of the Eligible Employees Distribution 
Option Accounts) as determined under Section 6.2, the Participants 
Distribution Option Accounts shall be paid in a lump sum in accordance with 
Section 6.2 without regard to the Participants actual form of payment 
election.

(b) In-Service Distribution. An Eligible Employee shall elect (i) the form 
of payment in which amounts credited to the Eligible Employees In-Service 
Distribution Account, if applicable, shall be paid where the amount to be 
distributed exceeds $25,000 and (ii) the Plan Year in which such payment 
shall commence; provided that the Plan Year selected in (ii) may not be 
prior to either of (A) the third Plan Year following the Plan Year in which 
the Compensation Deferral is made or (B) the Plan Year in which any such 
amount will become vested. The Eligible Employee may elect a lump sum, or 
quarterly, semi-annual or annual installments payable over 2, 3, 4 or 5 
years. This election shall apply only to the Compensation Deferrals 
credited on behalf of the Eligible Employee to the In-Service Distribution 
Account created pursuant to the Enrollment Form to which such Compensation 
Deferrals relate, except to the extent changed pursuant to a subsequent 
election in accordance with Section 3.4 below. In the event the amount to 
be distributed from a Participants In-Service Distribution Account does 
not exceed $25,000 as of the applicable distribution date, the 
Participants In-Service Distribution Account shall be paid in a lump sum 
in accordance with Section 6.2 without regard to the Participants actual 
form of payment election(s). If a Participant incurs a Separation from 
Service prior to the in-service distribution date elected by the 
Participant with respect to the Participants In-Service Distribution 
Account, the Participants distribution election with respect to such 
In-Service Distribution Account shall become invalid and distribution shall 
instead be made in accordance with the Participants elections under 
Section 3.2(a), 3.2(c) or 3.4, as applicable.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Separation from Service.

An Eligible Employee shall elect the form of payment in which amounts 
credited to the Eligible Employees Separation Distribution Account, if 
applicable, shall be paid where (i) the Eligible Employees Separation Date 
occurs prior to eligibility for Retirement, and (ii) the amount to be 
distributed from all of the Eligible Employees Distribution Option 
Accounts exceeds $100,000 (taking into account all deferrals made to all of 
the Eligible Employees Distribution Option Accounts). The Eligible 
Employee may elect a lump sum or annual installments payable over 5 years. 
This election shall apply to all Compensation Deferrals credited on behalf 
of the Eligible Employee to such Eligible Employees Separation 
Distribution Account in any Plan Year in which Compensation Deferrals are 
made under this Plan, subject to change only in accordance with Section 3.4 
below. In the event the amount to be distributed from a Participants 
Distribution Option Accounts upon a Separation from Service before 
eligibility for Retirement does not exceed $100,000 (taking into account 
all deferrals made to all of the Eligible Employees Distribution Option 
Accounts) as determined under Section 6.2, the Participants Distribution 
Option Accounts shall be paid in a lump sum in accordance with Section 6.2 
without regard to the Participants actual form of payment election.


Section 3.3 Investment Elections.

(a) At the time of making the deferral elections described in Section 3.1 
and the distribution elections described in Section 3.2, the Participant 
shall designate, in a manner prescribed by the Administrator, which Funds 
the Participants Accounts will be deemed to be invested in for purposes of 
determining the Investment Return to be credited to those Accounts. The 
Funds shall be as selected by the Administrator from time to time and the 
Administrator may add, change, or delete Funds at any time. In making the 
designation pursuant to this Section 3.3, the Participant may specify that 
all or any whole percentage of the Participants Accounts be deemed to be 
invested in one or more of the Funds. A Participant may change the 
designation made under this Section 3.3, in a manner prescribed by the 
Administrator, on any business day. Such change shall be effective as soon 
as administratively feasible after it is received.

(b) If a Participant fails to elect a type of Fund under this Section 3.3, 
he or she shall be deemed to have elected the Fund designated by the 
Administrator.

(c) Although the Participant may designate the Funds according to Section 
3.3(a) above, the Administrator shall select, from time to time, in its 
sole discretion, for each of the Funds described in Section 3.3(a) above, a 
commercially available mutual fund or contract or an investment fund 
established with and administered by an investment manager selected by the 
Administrator. The Investment Return of each such commercially available 
mutual fund, contract or investment fund shall be used to determine the 
amount of earnings to be credited to Participants Accounts under Article 
IV although nothing set forth in this Plan shall require an actual 
investment of monies in any such mutual fund or in any other Fund 
designated as a deemed investment vehicle for Compensation Deferrals.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.4 Subsequent Elections.

The Administrator may establish rules allowing a Participant to make a 
subsequent election to postpone payment of Compensation Deferrals under the 
Participants In-Service Distribution Account(s) and/or such Participants 
Separation Distribution Account, in accordance with the rules in this 
Section 3.4; provided that any such subsequent election shall be made in 
accordance with the requirements of Section 409A and that no subsequent 
election may result in an impermissible acceleration of payment as 
described in Section 409A. The following rules shall apply to subsequent 
elections under the Plan:

(a) With respect to Compensation Deferrals under an In-Service Distribution 
Account, a Participant may make a subsequent election to defer the payment 
to a later Plan Year or to change the form of payment applicable to such 
In-Service Distribution Account; provided that (i) the subsequent election 
must be made at least 12 months prior to the January in which the first 
scheduled payment was to occur, (ii) the subsequent election may not take 
effect until at least 12 months after the date on which the election is 
made, and (iii) except with respect to an election related to payment upon 
an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, the first payment with respect to 
which such election is made must be deferred for a period of not less than 
five years from the date such payment would otherwise have been made.

(b) A Participant may make a subsequent election to change the form or time 
at which Compensation Deferrals credited to a Participants Separation 
Distribution Account will be paid; provided that (i) the subsequent 
election may not take effect until at least 12 months after the date on 
which the election is made, and (ii) except with respect to an election 
related to payment upon an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency or death, the 
first payment with respect to which such election is made must be deferred 
for a period of five years from the date such payment would have otherwise 
have been made. Participants shall be permitted to make only one subsequent 
election to change the form or time of payment of their Separation 
Distribution Account.


ARTICLE IV
DISTRIBUTION OPTION ACCOUNTS

Section 4.1 Compensation Deferrals.

(a) The Administrator shall establish and maintain separate Distribution 
Option Accounts with respect to a Participant. A Participants Distribution 
Option Accounts may consist of a Separation Distribution Account and/or one 
or more In-Service Distribution Account(s), as elected by the Participant. 
Each Participants Distribution Option Accounts shall be further divided 
into separate subaccounts (subaccounts), each of which corresponds to a 
Fund elected by the Participant pursuant to Section 3.3(a).

(b) As soon as practicable after the end of each calendar month, the 
Administrator shall credit the subaccounts of the Participants 
Distribution Option Account with an amount equal to the Base Salary and/or 
Bonus Compensation that would otherwise have been earned for such calendar 
month in accordance with the Distribution Option irrevocably elected by the 
Participant in the Enrollment Agreement and in accordance with the 
Participants investment elections under Section 3.3(a). Any amount once 
taken into account as Base Salary and/or Bonus Compensation for purposes of 
this Plan shall not be taken into account thereafter. The Participants 
Distribution Option Accounts shall be reduced by the amount of payments 
made by the Company to the Participant or the Participants Beneficiary 
pursuant to this Plan.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Transferred Balances. As of the Effective Date, a Participants account 
balances, if any, under the Prior Plan shall be transferred to this Plan as 
follows:

(i) A Transferred Balance attributable to amounts credited to the 
Participant under the Prior Plan shall be transferred to the Participants 
Account under this Plan, and credited to a Separation Distribution Account 
and/or In-Service Distribution Account (or other subaccount), as previously 
credited under the Prior Plan. Following the transfer of a Transferred 
Balance, the Company shall be responsible under this Plan for the payment 
of all Transferred Balances.

(ii) The Participants investment elections with respect to any Transferred 
Balance shall be mapped to the available investment options as directed by 
the Administrator.


Section 4.2 Company Contribution.

From time-to-time and in its sole discretion, the Committee may provide 
that Company Contributions be credited to some or all Participants, 
according to the terms and conditions determined by the Committee.


Section 4.3 Investment Return.

Each subaccount of a Participants Distribution Option Account shall, as of 
each business day, be credited with earnings and debited with losses in an 
amount equal to that determined by multiplying the balance credited to such 
subaccount as of the previous day by the Investment Return for the 
corresponding Fund pursuant to Section 3.3(a).


ARTICLE V
VESTING

Section 5.1 Compensation Deferral.

A Participants Compensation Deferral credited to the Participants 
Distribution Option Account shall be 100% vested at all times.


Section 5.2 Company Contribution.

(a) Unless otherwise specified by the Committee, Company Contributions 
credited to a Participants Distribution Option Account, if any, will vest 
and become non-forfeitable in the following increments: (i) 25% upon the 
Participants completion of two Years of Vesting Service; (ii) an 
additional 25% (50% total) upon completion of three Years of Vesting 
Service; (iii) an additional 25% (75% total) upon completion of four Years 
of Vesting Service; and (iv) the Distribution Option Account balance shall 
be fully vested and nonforfeitable in its entirety on and after the 
Participants completion of five Years of Vesting Service.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 5.2(a) above, a Participants Distribution 
Option Account balance shall be fully vested and nonforfeitable in its 
entirety should: (i) the Participant die while providing service to the 
Company, (ii) the Participant become Disabled while providing service to 
the Company, or (iii) there occur a Change in Control.

(c) When a Participant incurs a Separation Date, the portion of the Company 
Contribution credited to such Participants Distribution Option Account 
which is not vested shall immediately be forever forfeited to the Company, 
and the Company shall have no obligation to the Participant (or 
Beneficiary) with respect to such forfeited amount.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI
DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 6.1 Form and Timing of Distribution.

(a) Subject to Section 6.2, in the case of a Participant whose Separation 
Date occurs on or after eligibility for Retirement and the vested portion 
of the Participants Separation Distribution Account exceeds $100,000 
(taking into account all deferrals made to the Participants Separation 
Distribution Account), the Participants Separation Distribution Account 
shall be distributed in the form elected by the Participant pursuant to 
Sections 3.2 and 3.4, as applicable, and shall be paid, or commence to be 
paid, within 30 days following the end of the twelfth full calendar month 
after the Participant has a Separation from Service, unless payment is 
deferred pursuant to Section 3.4.

(b) If a Participant has not incurred a Separation from Service as of the 
date an In-Service Distribution Account is to be distributed, and the 
Participants In-Service Distribution Account exceeds $25,000 (applied on 
an Account by Account basis), the Participants In-Service Distribution 
Account shall be paid to the Participant within 30 days following the date 
elected by the Participant pursuant to Sections 3.2 and 3.4, as applicable; 
provided that if the amount to be distributed does not exceed $25,000, 
distribution shall be made in a lump sum in accordance with Section 6.2.

(c) If the Participant incurs a Separation from Service after distribution 
has commenced in accordance with this Section 6.1(c) but prior to the date 
on which the Participants In-Service Distribution Account(s) is fully 
distributed, distribution of the remaining amounts held in the 
Participants In-Service Distribution Account(s) shall continue to be 
distributed in accordance with the Participants election for such 
Participants In-Service Distribution Account.

(d) In the case of a Participant whose Separation Date occurs prior to the 
earliest date on which the Participant is eligible for Retirement, other 
than by reason of death, and the vested portion of the Participants 
Distribution Option Accounts exceeds $100,000 (taking into account all 
deferrals made to the Participants Distribution Option Accounts), the 
vested portion of a Participants Distribution Option Accounts shall be 
distributed in the form elected by the Participant pursuant to Sections 3.2 
and 3.4, as applicable, and shall be paid or commence to be paid within 30 
days following the end of the twelfth full calendar month after the 
Participant has a Separation from Service, unless payment is deferred 
pursuant to Section 3.4. Any unvested portion of any Distribution Option 
Account shall be forfeited in accordance with Section 5.2.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6.2 Small Benefit Cashout.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or election by a Participant 
to the contrary, in the event the value of the vested portion of a 
Participants Separation Distribution Account does not exceed $100,000 
(taking into account all deferrals made to the Eligible Employees 
Separation Distribution Account) as of the date the Participants Account 
becomes distributable in accordance with the terms of the Plan, then the 
vested portion of the Participants Account shall be paid in a lump sum 
within 30 days following the date the Participants Account becomes 
distributable. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participants Account 
shall be valued as of the last business day of the month following the 
month in which the Participants Separation Date occurs. If the value at 
such time does not exceed $100,000, the Participants Account shall be 
distributed in a lump sum within 30 days thereafter.

(b) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or election by a Participant 
to the contrary, in the event the value of the vested portion of a 
Participants In-Service Distribution Account does not exceed $25,000 
(applied on an Account by Account basis) as of the date the Participants 
Account becomes distributable, then the vested portion of the Participants 
Account shall be paid in a lump sum within 30 days following the date the 
Participants Account becomes distributable.


Section 6.3 Payout.

(a) Unless otherwise specified in Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 hereof, any 
lump sum benefit payable under this Article VI shall be paid in January of 
the Plan Year elected by the Participant pursuant to Sections 3.2(b) and 
3.4, as applicable, in an amount equal to the vested value of the portion 
of such Distribution Option Account being distributed as of the business 
day the Funds are deemed to be liquidated to make the payment.

(b) Installment payments, if any, payable under this Article VI shall 
commence in January of the Plan Year elected by the Participant pursuant to 
Sections 3.2(b) and 3.4, as applicable, or otherwise at the time specified 
for payment under Sections 6.1(a) or 6.1(c), as applicable, in an amount 
equal to (i) the vested value of such portion of such Distribution Option 
Account being distributed as of the business day the Funds are deemed to be 
liquidated to make the payment, divided by (ii) the number of installment 
payments elected by the Participant in the applicable Enrollment Agreement 
with respect to an In-Service Distribution Account or in the distribution 
election form filed pursuant to Section 3.2 or 4.2(d) with respect to the 
Separation Distribution Account. The remaining installments shall be paid 
in an amount equal to (x) the vested value of such portion of the 
Distribution Option Account being distributed as of the business day the 
Funds are deemed to be liquidated to make the payment divided by (y) the 
number of installments remaining.


Section 6.4 Financial Hardship of Participant.

(a) At any time prior to commencement of payment pursuant to this Article 
VI, a Participant may request payment to the Participant of all or a 
portion of the amounts that the Participant has deferred under the Plan. 
The decision to approve or deny such a request shall be in the absolute 
discretion of the Administrator. However, such a request shall be approved
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
only upon a finding that the Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable 
Financial Emergency, and then only in an amount necessary to eliminate such 
Unforeseeable Financial Emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes 
reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into 
account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through 
reimbursement or compensation by insurance or by liquidation of the 
Participants assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would 
not itself cause severe financial hardship). In the event such a request is 
approved, payment of all or a portion of the amounts previously deferred by 
the Participant, with credited interest, to the extent approved by the 
Administrator, shall be made as soon as practicable to the Participant. 
Amounts otherwise payable to a Participant hereunder shall be adjusted (as 
determined by the Administrator in its absolute discretion) to take into 
account such Unforeseeable Financial Emergency payment. The Administrator 
shall administer hardship distribution requests consistently with Section 
409A.

(b) If a Participant elects to take an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency 
distribution prior to June 30 of any Plan Year, the Participants deferral 
election shall be cancelled for the Plan Year in which the distribution 
occurs with respect to all Base Salary and Bonus Compensation not yet 
earned. If a Participant elects to take an Unforeseeable Financial 
Emergency distribution on or after June 30 of any Plan Year, the 
Participants deferral election shall be cancelled for the Plan Year in 
which such distribution occurs with respect to all salary and bonuses not 
yet earned, and the Participant shall be suspended from participation in 
the Plan for the following Plan Year. If the Participant wishes to commence 
making a Compensation Deferral after the period during which the 
Participants deferral election is cancelled pursuant to this Section 
6.4(b), the Participant may make a new deferral election in accordance with 
the requirements of Section 3.1.


Section 6.5 Permissible Distribution Event.

Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no distributions 
shall be made except upon a specified date or event as permitted pursuant 
to Section 409A.


Section 6.6 Payment by Trust.

The Company may cause the payment of benefits under this Plan to be made in 
whole or in part by the trustee of a trust designated by the Committee (the 
Trust). The Administrator may direct the Trustee to pay the Participants 
or Beneficiarys benefit at the time and in the amount described herein. In 
the event the amounts allocated to the Participant under the Trust are not 
sufficient to provide the full amount of benefit payable to the 
Participant, the Company shall pay the remainder of such benefit.


Section 6.7 Inability to Locate Participant.

In the event that the Administrator is unable to locate a Participant or 
Beneficiary within two years following the date the Participant was to 
commence receiving payment, the entire amount allocated to the 
Participants Deferral Account and Company Contribution Account shall be 
forfeited. If, after such forfeiture, the Participant or Beneficiary later 
claims such benefit, such benefit shall be reinstated without interest or 
earnings from the date payment was to commence pursuant to the 
Participants elections under Sections 3.2 and 3.4, as applicable.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VII
CHANGE IN CONTROL

In the event of a Change in Control, all Participants shall receive a 
distribution of 100% of the Participants Distribution Option Accounts at 
the time of the distribution. Such distribution shall be made in a lump sum 
within 30 days following the date the Change in Control is consummated, in 
an amount equal to the value of such Distribution Option Accounts as of the 
business day the Funds are deemed to be liquidated to make the payment.


ARTICLE VIII
DEATH BENEFITS

Upon the death of a Participant before the Participants Distribution 
Option Account(s) has been paid in full (either in a lump sum or 
installment payments), the Participants Beneficiary shall receive the 
balance of the Participants vested Account as of the date of death, as 
adjusted by subsequent gains or losses prior to distribution, in the form 
of a lump sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable following the date 
of the Participants death (but in no event after December 31 of the 
calendar year following the calendar year in which death occurs).


ARTICLE IX
CLAIMS PROCEDURES

Section 9.1 Claims.

A Participant or, following the Participants death, a Beneficiary 
(collectively referred to in this section as Claimant) may submit a claim 
for benefits under the Plan. Any claim for benefits under this Plan shall 
be made in writing to the Administrator. If such claim for benefits is 
wholly or partially denied, the Administrator shall, within 90 days after 
receipt of the claim, notify the Claimant of the denial of the claim unless 
special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the 
claim, which extension shall not exceed 180 days from receipt of the claim. 
If such extension is required, written notice of the extension shall be 
furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial 90-day 
period and shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension 
of time and the date by which the Administrator expects to render a final 
decision. A notice of denial shall be in writing, shall be written in a 
manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, and shall contain the 
specific reason or reasons for denial of the claim, a specific reference to 
the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the denial is based, a description 
of the additional material or information (if any) necessary to perfect the 
claim, together with an explanation of why such material or information is 
necessary, and an explanation of the claims review procedure set forth 
below, including a statement of the Claimants right to bring a civil 
action under section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit 
determination on review.


Section 9.2 Appeal.

Within 60 days after the receipt by a Claimant of a written notice of 
denial of a claim, the Claimant may file a written request with the 
Administrator that it conduct a full and fair review
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the denial of the claim for benefits. The Claimant, or duly authorized 
representative, shall receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable 
access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information 
relevant to the Claimants claim for benefits. The Claimant, or duly 
authorized representative may also submit written comments, documents, 
records and other information relating to the claim for benefits, and the 
review will take into account such items whether or not they were 
considered in the initial benefit determination.

The Administrator shall deliver to the Claimant, or authorized 
representative, a written decision on the claim within 60 days after the 
receipt of the request for review, except that if there are special 
circumstances that require an extension of time, the 60-day period may be 
extended to 120 days. If such extension is required, written notice shall 
be furnished to the Claimant, or authorized representative, prior to the 
termination of the initial 60-day period and shall indicate the special 
circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the 
final decision will be rendered. The decision shall be written in a manner 
calculated to be understood by the Claimant, include the specific reason or 
reasons for the decision, include a statement that the Claimant is entitled 
to receive upon request and free of charge, access to and copies of all 
documents and other information relevant to the claim, contain a specific 
reference to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision is 
based, and include a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures 
offered by the Plan and a statement of the Claimants right to bring an 
action under section 502(a) of ERISA.


Section 9.3 Authority.

The Administrator, in determining claims for benefits, shall have the 
complete discretion to review and determine related factual questions, to 
construe the terms of the Plan, and to bind the Company with respect to the 
Plan.


ARTICLE X
ADMINISTRATION

Section 10.1 Administrator.

The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. The Administrator 
shall be appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Committee, 
provided that if no Administrator is designated, the Plan shall be 
administered by the Committee. The number of members comprising the 
Administrator shall be determined by the Committee which may from time to 
time vary the number of members. A member of the Administrator may resign 
by delivering a written notice of resignation to the Committee. The 
Committee may remove any member by delivering a certified copy of its 
resolution of removal to such member. Vacancies in the membership of the 
Administrator shall be filled promptly by the Committee.


Section 10.2 Administrator Action.

The Administrator shall act at meetings by affirmative vote of a majority 
of the members of the Administrator. Any action permitted to be taken at a 
meeting may be taken without a meeting if, prior to such action, a written 
consent to the action is signed by all members of the Administrator and 
such written consent is filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the 
Administrator. A member of the Administrator shall not vote or act upon any 
matter which relates solely to such member as a Participant. Any member or 
members of the Administrator may execute any certificate or other written 
direction on behalf of the Administrator.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 10.3 Powers and Duties of the Administrator.

(a) The Administrator, on behalf of the Participants and their 
Beneficiaries, shall enforce the Plan in accordance with its terms, shall 
be charged with the general administration of the Plan, and shall have all 
powers necessary to accomplish its purposes, including, but not by way of 
limitation, the following:

(i) To select the mutual funds, contracts or investment funds to be the 
Funds in accordance with Section 3.3(a) and (b) hereof;

(ii) To construe and interpret the terms and provisions of this Plan; 
reconcile any inconsistency in, correct any defect in and/or supply any 
omission in the Plan; and to make factual determinations;

(iii) To compute and certify to the amount and kinds of benefits payable to 
Participants and their Beneficiaries;

(iv) To maintain all records that may be necessary for the administration 
of the Plan;

(v) To provide for the disclosure of all information and the filing or 
provision of all reports and statements to Participants, Beneficiaries or 
governmental agencies as shall be required by law;

(vi) To make and publish such rules for the regulation of the Plan and 
procedures for the administration of the Plan as are not inconsistent with 
the terms hereof; and

(vii) To appoint a plan administrator or any other agent, and to delegate 
to them such powers and duties in connection with the administration of the 
Plan as the Administrator may from time to time prescribe.

(viii) On behalf of the Company, to select those Highly Compensated 
Employees who shall be Eligible Employees.


Section 10.4 Construction and Interpretation.

(a) The Administrator shall have full discretion to construe and interpret 
the terms and provisions of this Plan, which interpretation or construction 
shall be final and binding on all parties, including but not limited to, 
the Company and any Participant or Beneficiary. The Administrator shall 
administer such terms and provisions in a uniform and nondiscriminatory 
manner and in full accordance with any and all laws applicable to the Plan.

(b) Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed to prevent the Company 
from taking any action which is deemed by it to be appropriate or in its 
best interest. No Participant, Beneficiary, or other Person shall have any 
claim against the Company as a result of
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such action. Any decisions, actions or interpretations to be made under the 
Plan by the Company or the Committee, or the Administrator acting on behalf 
of the Company, shall be made in its respective sole discretion, not as a 
fiduciary, need not be uniformly applied to similarly situated individuals 
and shall be final, binding and conclusive on all Persons interested in the 
Plan.


Section 10.5 Information.

To enable the Administrator to perform its functions, the Company shall 
supply full and timely information to the Administrator on all matters 
relating to the Compensation of all Participants, their death, Disability, 
or other cause of termination, and such other pertinent facts as the 
Administrator may require.


Section 10.6 Compensation, Expenses and Indemnity.

(a) The Administrator is authorized at the expense of the Company to employ 
such legal counsel as it may deem advisable to assist in the performance of 
its duties hereunder. Expenses and fees in connection with the 
administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Company.

(b) To the extent permitted by applicable state law, the Company shall 
indemnify and save harmless the Administrator and each member thereof, the 
Committee and any delegate of the Administrator who is an employee of the 
Company against any and all expenses, liabilities and claims, including 
legal fees to defend against such liabilities and claims arising out of 
their discharge in good faith of responsibilities under or incident to the 
Plan, other than expenses and liabilities arising out of willful 
misconduct. This indemnity shall not preclude such further indemnities as 
may be available under insurance purchased by the Company or provided by 
the Company under any bylaw, agreement or otherwise, as such indemnities 
are permitted under state law.


Section 10.7 Quarterly Statements.

Under procedures established by the Administrator, a Participant shall 
receive a statement with respect to such Participants Accounts on a 
quarterly basis as of each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31.


ARTICLE XI
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.1 Unsecured General Creditor.

Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors, and assigns shall 
have no legal or equitable rights, claims, or interest in any specific 
property or assets of the Company. No assets of the Company shall be held 
under any trust, or held in any way as collateral security for the 
fulfilling of the obligations of the Company under this Plan. Any and all 
of the Companys assets shall be, and remain, the general unpledged, 
unrestricted assets of the Company. The Companys obligation under the Plan 
shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to 
pay money in the future, and the rights of the Participants and 
Beneficiaries shall be no greater than those of unsecured general 
creditors.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11.2 Restriction Against Assignment.

The Company shall pay all amounts payable hereunder only to the Persons 
designated by the Plan and not to any other Persons. No part of a 
Participants Accounts shall be liable for the debts, contracts, or 
engagements of any Participant, the Participants Beneficiary, or 
successors in interest, nor shall a Participants Accounts be subject to 
execution by levy, attachment, or garnishment or by any other legal or 
equitable proceeding, nor shall any such Person have any right to alienate, 
anticipate, commute, pledge, encumber, or assign any benefits or payments 
hereunder in any manner whatsoever. If any Participant, Beneficiary or 
successor in interest is adjudicated bankrupt or purports to anticipate, 
alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any 
distribution or payment from the Plan, voluntarily or involuntarily, the 
Administrator, in its discretion, may cancel such distribution or payment 
(or any part thereof) to or for the benefit of such Participant, 
Beneficiary or successor in interest in such mariner as the Administrator 
shall direct.


Section 11.3 Withholding.

There shall be deducted from each payment made under the Plan or any other 
compensation payable to the Participant (or Beneficiary) all taxes which 
are required to be withheld by the Company in respect to such payment or 
this Plan. The Company shall have the right to reduce any payment (or 
compensation) by the amount of cash sufficient to provide the amount of 
said taxes.


Section 11.4 Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination.

The Committee or the Board of Directors of the Company may at any time, or 
from time to time, in its sole discretion amend or terminate the Plan in 
any manner that the Committee or the Board of Directors of the Company 
deems appropriate, including amending or terminating outstanding deferral 
elections, if necessary or appropriate to comply with changes to applicable 
law, without the consent of any Participant; provided, however, that no 
amendment shall reduce any benefits accrued under the terms of the Plan as 
of the date of amendment. In the event the Committee or the Board of 
Directors of the Company acts to terminate and liquidate the Plan in 
accordance with Treasury regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), 
distribution to Participant shall be made in accordance with Article 6, 
unless otherwise required in order to comply with Section 409A.


Section 11.5 Governing Law.

This Plan shall be construed, governed and administered in accordance with 
the laws of the State of Delaware (including its statute of limitations and 
all substantive and procedural law, and without regard to its conflict of 
laws provisions), except as to matters of federal law.


Section 11.6 Receipt or Release.

Any payment to a Participant or the Participants Beneficiary in accordance 
with the provisions of the Plan shall, to the extent thereof, be in full 
satisfaction of all claims against the Administrator, the Company and the 
Trustee. The Administrator may require such Participant or Beneficiary, as 
a condition precedent to such payment, to execute a receipt and release to 
such effect.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11.7 Payments on Behalf of Persons Under Incapacity.

In the event that any amount becomes payable under the Plan to a Person 
who, in the sole judgement of the Committee, is considered by reason of 
physical or mental condition to be unable to give a valid receipt 
therefore, the Administrator may direct that such payment be made to any 
Person found by the Administrator, in its sole judgement, to have assumed 
the care of such Person. Any payment made pursuant to such determination 
shall constitute a full release and discharge of the Administrator and the 
Company.


Section 11.8 Headings.

Headings and subheadings in this Plan are inserted for convenience of 
reference only and are not to be considered in the construction of the 
provisions hereof.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this document to be executed by 
its duly authorized officer to be effective on this             , 2017.
 
HILTON RESORTS CORPORATION
By: 	  	
 
Its: 	  	
 