 EX-10 14 filename14.htm
Exhibit 10.13

[Date]

STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL
ADDRESSEE ONLY

Mr Kieran Poynter
[Address]

Dear Mr Poynter

Letter of Appointment: Period from the close of the Companys Annual 
General Meeting on [Date] to the close of the Companys Annual General 
Meeting in [Year] (the Appointment Period)

In accordance with the policy agreed by the Board, I am pleased to be able 
to confirm your re-appointment as a Non-Executive Director of the Company 
for a further term, being the Appointment Period.

With reference to provision B.7.1 of the UK Corporate Governance Code, it 
is the policy of the Board that all Directors of the Company should be 
subject to annual election by shareholders.

The terms of your appointment for the Appointment Period are set out below. 
These represent the totality of the terms agreed between you and the 
Company and which supersede all previous agreements, arrangements and 
understandings between you and the Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, your tenure as a Non-Executive Director of the 
Company commenced on your original date of appointment as a Director which 
was 1 July 2010.
 
1. 	Term of Appointment

Your appointment for the Appointment Period will take effect from the close 
of the Companys Annual General Meeting on [Date] and will continue on the 
terms of this letter for approximately twelve months until the close of the 
Companys next Annual General Meeting in [Year] (the Next AGM) unless the 
Appointment Period is terminated in accordance with paragraph 1.2 below. 
Notwithstanding any mutual expectation, there is no right to re-nomination 
by the Board after any six year period.
 
  	1.2 	Your appointment will terminate forthwith if:
 
  	1.2.1 	the Board requests you not to offer yourself for election or 
re-election at the Next AGM although you are due to do so in accordance 
with the UK Corporate Governance Code; or
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	1.2.2 	in accordance with the Articles you are due to retire at the Next 
AGM and the Board requests you not to offer yourself for reappointment; or
 
  	1.2.3 	you are not elected or re-elected at the Next AGM at which you 
are put forward for election or re-election in accordance with the UK 
Corporate Governance Code; or
 
  	1.2.4 	you are not reappointed at the Next AGM at which you retire and 
offer yourself for reappointment in accordance with the Articles; or
 
  	1.2.5 	you are required to vacate office for any reason pursuant to any 
of the provisions of the Articles; or
 
  	1.2.6 	you are removed as a Director or otherwise required to vacate 
office under any applicable law; or
 
  	1.2.7 	your appointment is not renewed upon the expiry of its term.

On termination of your appointment you will be entitled to any accrued but 
unpaid Directors fees but not to any compensation.
 
2. 	Duties

Time Commitment
 
2.1 	You will be expected to devote such time as is necessary for the 
proper performance of your duties. We currently expect to hold six Board 
meetings a year. We arrange committee meetings, strategy sessions, Board 
dinners and AGMs around these meetings and so it is best to anticipate a 
time commitment of two days per meeting. In addition, you will be expected 
to devote appropriate preparation time ahead of each meeting, and be 
prepared for at least one site visit per year, which may be at an overseas 
location. You may also be required to attend meetings as part of the Board 
evaluation process and updating meetings or training sessions. You will 
therefore be expected to make an annual time commitment of between 25 and 
30 days, although this will always depend on the circumstances and level of 
activities of the Company as the nature of the role makes it impossible to 
be specific about the maximum time commitment. There is always the 
possibility that ad hoc matters may arise from time to time and 
particularly when the Company is undergoing increased activity. It may be 
necessary to convene additional Board, Committee or other meetings. If 
business has to be transacted between regular Board meetings, you will be 
advised. Copies of the current Board programmes are available from the 
Company Secretary.

In addition, if you are in your first year as a Director, we arrange an 
induction programme covering all aspects of the business. We will also 
organise a visit to an overseas factory location as well as the Group 
Research & Development Centre. Induction programmes can be scheduled and 
tailored to meet the time commitments for individual Directors but are 
generally expected to amount to a further three to four days.

Unless urgent and unavoidable circumstances prevent you from doing so, it 
is expected that you will attend the meetings outlined above. Attendance at 
meetings by way of telephone conference call may be possible provided that 
agreement is first sought from the Chairman and his consent has been given.

By accepting this appointment you would be confirming that, taking into 
account all other commitments you may have, you are able to allocate 
sufficient time to meet the expectations of your role. The agreement of the 
Chairman should be sought before accepting additional commitments that 
might affect the time you are able to devote to your role as a 
Non-Executive Director of the Company.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Committees
 
2.2 	As part of your duties as a Director, you will continue as a member 
of: (1) the Audit Committee (to be reconstituted as the Audit and 
Sustainability Committee with effect from the close of the Companys Annual 
General Meeting on 27 April 2016); and (2) the Nominations Committee. In 
addition, you shall continue as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

Should you also be appointed as a member of additional Board Committees, 
these will be confirmed to you in a supplemental letter to this letter of 
appointment or within a new letter of appointment. The remit and main terms 
of reference of the Main Board Committees are described in the British 
American Tobacco Corporate Governance booklet, a copy of which is available 
from the Company Secretary.


Role
 
2.3 	As a Non-Executive Director you will have the same general legal 
responsibilities to the Company as any other Director together with such 
specific duties as may be agreed with the Board, and which relate to the 
business of the Company or any other member of the BAT Group. The Board as 
a whole is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the 
Company by directing and supervising the Companys affairs.

The role of the Non-Executive has the following key elements:
 
  	 	  	Strategy: Non-Executive Directors should constructively challenge 
and contribute to the development of strategy;
 
  	 	  	Performance: Non-Executive Directors should scrutinize the 
performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and 
monitor the reporting of performance;
 
  	 	  	Risk: Non-Executive Directors should satisfy themselves that 
financial information is accurate and that financial controls and systems 
of risk management are robust and defensible; and
 
  	 	  	People: Non-Executive Directors (through the Remuneration 
Committee) are responsible for determining appropriate levels of 
remuneration of Executive Directors and have a prime role in appointing, 
and where necessary removing, senior management and in succession planning.

In addition, you should devote time to developing and refreshing your 
knowledge and skills, uphold high standards of integrity and probity and 
support the Chairman and the other Directors in instilling the appropriate 
culture, values and behaviours in the boardroom and beyond and take into 
account the views of shareholders and other stakeholders where appropriate.
 
2.4 	During the continuance of your appointment you shall:
 
  	2.4.1 	promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members 
as a whole and, when in force, comply with the directors duties set out in 
Part 10 of the Companies Act 2006;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	2.4.2 	faithfully, efficiently, competently and diligently perform your 
duties and exercise such powers as are appropriate to your role as a 
Non-Executive Director;
 
  	2.4.3 	promptly declare, so far as you are aware, the nature of any 
interest, whether direct or indirect, in any contract or proposed contract 
entered into by any member of the BAT Group;
 
  	2.4.4 	comply where relevant with any rule of law or regulation of any 
competent authority or of the Company, including the Model Code and the 
British American Tobacco p.l.c. Code for Share Dealing (up to and including 
2 July 2016) and the EU Market Abuse Regulation and Implementing 
Regulations (from 3 July 2016), from time to time in force in relation to 
dealing in shares, debentures and other securities of the Company and 
inside information affecting the shares, debentures or other securities of 
the Company;
 
  	2.4.5 	comply with the Companys rules and policies on corporate 
governance and its Standards of Business Conduct from time to time in force 
and use all reasonable endeavours that the BAT Group so complies;
 
  	2.4.6 	comply with all reasonable requests, instructions and regulations 
made or given by the Board (or by any duly authorised committee thereof) 
and give to the Board such explanations, information and assistance as the 
Board may reasonably require;
 
  	2.4.7 	observe the terms and conditions of The City Code on Take-Overs 
and Mergers; the Listing Rules; the Disclosure Rules and the Transparency 
Rules; the Prospectus Rules, the JSE Listings Requirements and the UK 
Corporate Governance Code;
 
  	2.4.8 	use your reasonable endeavours to promote and extend the 
interests and reputation of the BAT Group, including assisting the Chairman 
and the Board in relation to public and corporate affairs and bringing to 
bear for the benefit of the Chairman and the Board your particular 
knowledge and experience.
 
2.5 	If there are matters which arise which cause you concern about your 
role you should discuss them with the Chairman or the Senior Independent 
Director. If you have any concerns which cannot be resolved, and you choose 
to resign for that, or any other reason, you should provide an appropriate 
written statement to the Chairman or the Senior Independent Director for 
circulation to the Board.
 
3. 	Confidentiality
 
3.1 	You will not either during the period of your time as a Director of 
the Company or after its termination (without limitation in time) directly 
or indirectly disclose to any person or organisation, or use, any trade 
secrets or confidential information belonging, or relating, to the business 
of the BAT Group. This obligation shall not apply in the following 
circumstances  i.e. where:-
 
  	(a) 	its disclosure or use is necessary for the proper discharge of your 
duties; or
 
  	(b) 	such trade secrets or confidential information have entered the 
public domain, other than by way of unauthorised disclosure whether by you 
or a third party; or
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	such disclosure is permitted by the Public Interest Disclosure Act 
1998.

Confidential information includes confidential information relating or 
belonging to the Company or other BAT Group companies including but not 
limited to any such information relating to customers, customer lists or 
requirements, price lists or pricing structures, sales and marketing 
information, activities, business plans or dealings, employees or officers, 
source codes and computer systems, software, financial information and 
plans, designs, formulae, prototypes, product lines, services, research 
activities or results, any document marked confidential (or with a 
similar expression), or any information which you have been told is 
confidential or which you might reasonably expect the Company would regard 
as confidential, or any information which has been given to the Company or 
any BAT Group company in confidence by customers, suppliers or other 
persons.
 
3.2 	You shall not at any time during the continuance of your appointment, 
other than for the benefit of the Company, make any notes, memoranda, 
electronic records, tape records, films, photographs, plans, drawings or 
any form of record relating to any matter within the scope of the business 
or concerning the dealings or affairs of the BAT Group and will return any 
such documents, disks and information-storing medium (including copies) at 
any time at the request of the Board.
 
3.3 	The Company may, from time to time, supply to you software 
applications for the purposes of accessing the BAT Group information 
technology systems and networks and/or for the purposes of accessing the 
papers of the Board and its Committees through a personal device such as an 
iPhone or an iPad. Such use is subject to the various BAT Group Policies, 
Standards and Guidelines including, but not limited to, the Acceptable Use 
Policy and the IT Security Policy Statement in place from time to time. The 
terms and conditions and use of these software applications are hereby 
incorporated by reference into this letter of appointment.
 
4. 	Other Appointments and Interests
 
4.1 	You confirm that you have notified the Board in writing of all your 
other directorships, appointments and interests including any directorship, 
appointment or interest in a company, business or undertaking which 
competes or is likely to compete with the Company or any other member of 
the BAT Group or which is a customer or supplier of any such company or 
which could otherwise potentially give rise to a conflict with your duties 
with the Company (a competing interest).
 
4.2 	You undertake that during the term of your appointment you will:
 
  	4.2.1 	promptly disclose to the Board in writing any new directorship, 
appointment or competing interest;
 
  	4.2.2 	promptly notify to the Board in writing any subsequent changes to 
any such directorship, appointment or competing interest; and
 
  	4.2.3 	not acquire any new competing interest without the prior consent 
of the Board in writing. In certain circumstances the agreement of the 
Board may have to be sought before accepting any further commitments which 
either might give rise to a conflict or which might impact on the time that 
you are able to devote to your role at the Company.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4.2.4 	Your particular attention is drawn to the formal procedures 
established by the Board for managing compliance with the conflict of 
interest provisions of the Companies Act 2006. Under these provisions:
 
  	4.2.5 	you may not allow any situation to arise in which you will have, 
or may have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may 
conflict, with the interests of the Company (a situational conflict), 
unless the matter has been authorised in advance by the Board in accordance 
with the Articles; and
 
  	4.2.6 	you must declare in advance any interest in a proposed 
transaction or arrangement with the Company (a transactional conflict).
 
4.3 	You are required to give advance notice of any situational or 
transactional conflict to the Company Secretary and any such matter will be 
considered either at the next Board meeting or, if the conflict or 
potential conflict is due to arise prior to the next scheduled Board 
meeting, at a meeting of the Conflicts Committee. Details of the role and 
responsibilities of the Conflicts Committee are set out in the British 
American Tobacco Corporate Governance booklet referred to in paragraph 2.2 
above.
 
5. 	Fees
 
5.1 	Your basic current fee is set at the rate of £92,700 per annum (as 
from 1 January 2016) less any deductions which the Company may be required 
to make including in respect of tax and national insurance contributions. 
The fees are payable in arrears by equal monthly instalments and may be 
amended from time to time by notice in writing given to you by the Company. 
The fees for Non-Executive Directors are reviewed and considered annually 
with any changes usually being effective from January.
 
5.2 	With reference to paragraph 2.2 above, you are entitled to (as from 1 
January 2016): (1) an additional fee of £30,000 per annum as Chairman of 
the Remuneration Committee and (2) an additional fee of £6,000 per annum 
per each Committee as a member of the Audit Committee (to be reconstituted 
as the Audit and Sustainability Committee with effect from the close of the 
Companys Annual General Meeting on 27 April 2016) and the Nominations 
Committee.

Together, these and any other additional fees or payments will be made less 
any deductions which the Company may be required to make including in 
respect of tax and national insurance contributions. These additional fees 
and payments are also payable in arrears by equal monthly instalments and 
may be amended from time to time by notice in writing given to you by the 
Company.
 
6. 	Expenses and Independent Professional Advice
 
6.1 	Subject to the Articles and the Companys Travel and Expenses Policy 
(T&E Policy), the Company shall reimburse to you all travelling, hotel and 
other expenses reasonably incurred by you in the proper performance of your 
obligations under this letter provided that you supply receipts or other 
evidence of expenditure. A copy of the T&E Policy is available from the 
Company Secretary. In the instances where the cost of reimbursement of such 
travelling, hotel and other expenses are classified as a benefit to the 
Director, the Company will meet, as appropriate, the personal income tax 
liability that arises thereon.
 
6.2 	
Your expenses may include legal fees if it is necessary in the furtherance 
of your duties for you to seek independent legal advice (provided that 
allegations of negligence, breach of duty or bad faith have not been made 
against you). Accordingly, the Board has approved a
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	 procedure for taking independent advice in such circumstances. Any such 
payment by the Company would, of course, be subject to any applicable 
restriction under company law.
 
6.3 	Further to clause 6.2 above, the advice and services of the Company 
Secretary and the Director, Legal & External Affairs and General Counsel 
are available to each Director for guidance on the Directors 
responsibilities and those of the Board and, of course, in relation to any 
specific activity or transaction of the Company. It is recognised that 
there may be occasions when you may need to have independent professional 
advice in connection with the performance of your duties as a Director of 
the Company and that this should be paid for by the Company.
 
6.4 	In such an instance, you should first refer the matter to the Chairman 
of the Audit Committee (to be reconstituted as the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee with effect from the close of the Companys Annual General 
Meeting on 27 April 2016) and confirm with her that it is a matter for 
which independent professional advice is required in the interests of the 
Company. Where this need arises, it is advisable that you also consult with 
the Company Secretary. This will avoid you seeking advice from a source 
where there is a conflict of interest (for example, because that firm is or 
has been an adviser to a competitor company) or where it would be 
inappropriate for other reasons (for example, because the firm has acted 
for the Company or its subsidiaries).
 
7. 	Indemnity
 
7.1 	Subject to clause 7.2 below, the Company shall, both during the term 
of your appointment and after its termination, indemnify you, keep you 
indemnified against and pay to you an amount equal to all costs, charges 
expenses, losses, damages or liabilities which you may sustain or incur in 
or about the execution of your duties to the Company or of any associated 
company of the Company or as a result of any contract, deed, matter or 
thing done, entered into or executed by you on behalf of any such company 
or in relation to the business of any such company.
 
7.2 	The indemnity referred to in clause 7.1 shall not apply in any of the 
following circumstances:
 
  	7.2.1 	where and to the extent that any recovery is made by you under 
any policy of insurance;
 
  	7.2.2 	where and to the extent that any liability is prohibited or 
rendered unenforceable by the Companies Acts (or any statutory modification 
or re-enactment thereof in force from time to time) or as otherwise 
prohibited by law;
 
  	7.2.3 	where the Company considers that you have acted in bad faith with 
wilful default or gross negligence, intentionally not in compliance with 
the Companys Standards of Business Conduct Policy (as from time to time in 
force) (copy available from the Company Secretary) or otherwise so as to 
bring the Company or any of its associated companies into disrepute.
 
7.3 	The indemnity provided in clause 7.1 shall take effect notwithstanding 
that the Company (or any of its associated companies) or you may have 
purchased and maintained insurance cover in respect of any liability, loss 
or expenditure incurred by any director or officer of the Company and the 
indemnity provided under clause 7.1 above shall be enforceable against the 
Company regardless of whether a claim may be made or has been pursued under 
such insurance.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.4 	All sums payable by the Company hereunder shall be paid free and 
without rights of counterclaim or set-off and without deduction and 
withholding on any ground whatsoever, save only as may be required by law. 
If any such deduction or withholding is required by law, the Company shall 
be obliged to pay you such amount as will ensure that, after any deduction 
or withholding has been made, you shall have received a sum equal to the 
amount that you would otherwise have received in the absence of any such 
deduction or withholding.
 
7.5 	If you become aware of any notice, demand or other document issued, 
any claim made or action taken either before or after the date hereof which 
appears to you to be relevant for the purposes of the indemnity in clause 
7.1 or likely to give rise to any liability of the Company under that 
indemnity (hereinafter referred to as a Demand), you shall give notice 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable.
 
7.6 	You shall provide the Company as soon as reasonably practicable with 
all supporting documentation and information relating to a Demand as the 
Company may reasonably require.
 
7.7 	You shall, at the request and at the expense of the Company, do and 
concur in doing and permit to be done all such acts and things as the 
Company may reasonably request to avoid, dispute, resist, appeal or 
compromise any Demand and you shall further make no settlement or 
compromise of the subject matter of any Demand, nor agree to any matter in 
the conduct of any dispute in relation thereto nor take any other action or 
omit to do any other thing in relation to any Demand without the prior 
written approval of the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed).
 
7.8 	The Company may, by written notice to you at any time and without 
prejudice to your rights of indemnification as set out in clause 7.1 above, 
forthwith assume (where appropriate, in your name) the conduct of any 
negotiations, settlement or compromise discussions or proceedings in 
relation to a Demand. The Company shall have full discretion in the conduct 
or settlement of any claim or proceedings.
 
7.9 	You shall provide the Company as soon as reasonably practicable 
following any request with reasonable details of all costs and liabilities 
incurred by you in relation to any Demand.
 
7.10 	The rights and obligations set out in this clause 7 shall not modify 
or waive any of the duties which you owe as a director or officer of the 
Company or any of its associated companies (as the case may be), as a 
matter of law or under the rules of any relevant stock exchange or 
regulatory body.
 
7.11 	The Company shall, in the event that a payment is made to you under 
this indemnity in respect of a particular liability, be entitled to recover 
from you an amount equal to any payment received by you under any policy of 
insurance or from any other third party to the extent that such payment 
relates to the liability, and a deduction may similarly be made from any 
payment made by the Company to the extent any such payment has already been 
received by you. You shall pay any sum owing in accordance with the 
foregoing forthwith upon the Companys request.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.12 	To the extent any payment of costs under clause 7.1 of this indemnity 
is treated under the Companies Acts as a loan repayable to the Company, 
subject to the Companies Acts and provided that the requirements for a 
qualifying third party indemnity provision are met, you shall not be 
required to repay the loan.
 
7.13 	For the purposes of this clause 7, associated company and 
qualifying third party indemnity provision has the meaning given in Part 
10 of the Companies Act 2006.
 
8. 	Insurance

The Company has Directors and Officers liability insurance and it is 
intended to maintain such cover for the full term of your appointment. The 
current programme for the Board incorporates a limit of £300 million. A 
summary sheet for the current period of coverage is available from the 
Company Secretary.
 
9. 	Termination of Appointment

On the termination of your appointment:
 
9.1 	you will at the request of the Company (where relevant) resign (in 
writing) from the office of Director and you irrevocably authorise the 
Company as your attorney in your name and on your behalf by to sign all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to this;
 
9.2 	you will surrender to an authorised representative of the Company all 
correspondence, documents (including without limitation Board minutes and 
Board papers), copies thereof or other property of the BAT Group made or 
received by you in the course of your directorship (whether before or after 
the date of this letter);
 
9.3 	you hereby agree that you shall not be entitled to and shall not 
pursue any action or claim for compensation from the Company whether such 
termination occurs before or after the date of expiry of your term as a 
Director.
 
10. 	Miscellaneous
 
10.1 	Nothing in this letter shall create the relationship of employee and 
employer between you and the Company.
 
10.2 	The agreement contained in this letter shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law.
 
11. 	Notices

Any notice to be given under the terms of this letter shall, in the case of 
notice to the Company, be deemed to be given if left at or sent by first 
class post or facsimile transmission to the registered office for the time 
being of the Company and, in the case of notice to you, if handed to you 
personally or left at or sent by first class post or facsimile transmission 
to your last-known address. Any such notice shall be deemed to be given at 
the time of its delivery or despatch by facsimile transmission or on the 
next following weekday (not being a public holiday) after it was posted.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12. 	Definitions

In this letter:
 
12.1 	Articles means the articles of association from time to time of the 
Company;
 
12.2 	BAT Group means the Company and any subsidiary or subsidiary 
undertaking of the Company (both as defined in the Companies Act 2006);
 
12.3 	Board means the board of Directors of the Company;
 
12.4 	Companies Act 1985 means the Companies Act 1985, as in force from 
time to time;
 
12.5 	Companies Act 2006 means the Companies Act 2006, as in force from 
time to time;
 
12.6 	Companies Acts means the Companies Act 1985 and the Companies Act 
2006;
 
12.7 	Company means British American Tobacco p.l.c. (Company No. 
3407696);
 
12.8 	Disclosure Rules and Transparency Rules means the Disclosure Rules 
and Transparency Rules published by the Financial Conduct Authority;
 
12.9 	EU Market Abuse Regulation and Implementing Regulations, means the 
EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) together with such applicable 
implementation regulations as may be published and in force from time to 
time;
 
12.10 	JSE Listings Requirements means the Listings Requirements 
published by the JSE Limited, as may be applicable from time-to-time in 
respect of the secondary listing of the Companys ordinary shares on the 
JSE Limited in South Africa;
 
12.11 	Listing Rules means the Listing Rules published by the Financial 
Conduct Authority;
 
12.12 	Model Code means Model Code on directors dealings in securities 
set out in the Listing Rules issued from time to time by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and any other code or guidelines issued governing the 
conduct of directors in that regard as the Company may from time to time 
adopt or issue;
 
12.13 	Prospectus Rules means the Prospectus Rules published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority;
 
12.14 	Travel and Expenses Policy means the BAT Group UK travel and 
expenses policy from time to time applicable to the Company  the T&E 
Policy;
 
12.15 	UK Corporate Governance Code means the principles of good 
governance published by the Financial Reporting Council.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kindly confirm your agreement to the terms set out above by signing the 
endorsement on the enclosed copy of this letter. Please return the copy to 
me at the above address.

Yours sincerely
 
 
[Name]
Company Secretary
for and on behalf of
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
 
SIGNED by
 
Kieran Poynter
 Dated this                day of                [Year]
 
11