 EX-10.13 13 d101223dex1013.htm EX-10.13
Exhibit 10.13

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

of

HESS NORTH DAKOTA EXPORT LOGISTICS OPERATIONS LP

Dated as of

            , 2017

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE I Definitions and Construction
   	  	1 	  
   Section 1.1
  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
   Section 1.2
  	
 Construction
   	  	13 	  
 ARTICLE II Business, Purpose and Term of Partnership
   	  	13 	  
   Section 2.1
  	
 Formation
   	  	13 	  
   Section 2.2
  	
 Name
   	  	13 	  
   Section 2.3
  	
 Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices
   	  	14 	  
   Section 2.4
  	
 Purpose and Business
   	  	14 	  
   Section 2.5
  	
 Powers
   	  	14 	  
   Section 2.6
  	
 Term
   	  	15 	  
   Section 2.7
  	
 Title to Partnership Assets
   	  	15 	  
 ARTICLE III Partners
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.1
  	
 Partners; Percentage Interests
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.2
  	
 Adjustments in Percentage Equity Interests and Percentage Voting Interests
   	  	15 	  
   Section 3.3
  	
 Limitation of Liability
   	  	16 	  
 ARTICLE IV Capital Contributions; Capital Accounts
   	  	16 	  
   Section 4.1
  	
 Capitalization of the Partnership
   	  	16 	  
   Section 4.2
  	
 Capital Contributions
   	  	16 	  
   Section 4.3
  	
 Withdrawal of Capital; Interest
   	  	19 	  
   Section 4.4
  	
 Maintenance of Capital Accounts
   	  	19 	  
 ARTICLE V Allocations and Tax Matters
   	  	19 	  
   Section 5.1
  	
 Profits
   	  	19 	  
   Section 5.2
  	
 Losses
   	  	19 	  
   Section 5.3
  	
 Special Allocations
   	  	20 	  
   Section 5.4
  	
 Curative Allocations
   	  	21 	  
   Section 5.5
  	
 Other Allocation Rules
   	  	22 	  
   Section 5.6
  	
 Tax Allocations: Code Section 704(c)
   	  	22 	  
   Section 5.7
  	
 Tax Elections
   	  	23 	  
   Section 5.8
  	
 Tax Returns
   	  	23 	  
   Section 5.9
  	
 Tax Matters Partner
   	  	24 	  
   Section 5.10
  	
 Duties of Tax Matters Partner
   	  	24 	  
   Section 5.11
  	
 Designation and Authority of Partnership Representative
   	  	25 	  
   Section 5.12
  	
 Survival of Provisions
   	  	26 	  
 ARTICLE VI Distributions
   	  	26 	  
   Section 6.1
  	
 Distributions of Distributable Cash
   	  	26 	  
   Section 6.2
  	
 Distributions of Excess Capital
   	  	27 	  
   Section 6.3
  	
 Liquidating Distributions
   	  	27 	  
   Section 6.4
  	
 Distribution in Kind
   	  	27 	  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ARTICLE VII Books and Records
   	  	27 	  
   Section 7.1
  	
 Books and Records; Examination
   	  	27 	  
   Section 7.2
  	
 Reports
   	  	27 	  
 ARTICLE VIII Management and Voting
   	  	28 	  
   Section 8.1
  	
 Management
   	  	28 	  
   Section 8.2
  	
 Matters Constituting Unanimous Approval Matters
   	  	28 	  
   Section 8.3
  	
 Meetings and Voting
   	  	29 	  
   Section 8.4
  	
 Reliance by Third Parties
   	  	30 	  
 ARTICLE IX Transfers of Partnership Interests and Voting Interests
   	  	31 	  
   Section 9.1
  	
 Restrictions on Transfers
   	  	31 	  
   Section 9.2
  	
 Conditions for Admission
   	  	31 	  
   Section 9.3
  	
 Allocations and Distributions
   	  	32 	  
   Section 9.4
  	
 Restriction on Resignation or Withdrawal
   	  	32 	  
 ARTICLE X Liability, Exculpation and Indemnification
   	  	32 	  
   Section 10.1
  	
 Liability for Partnership Obligations
   	  	32 	  
   Section 10.2
  	
 Disclaimer of Duties and Exculpation
   	  	32 	  
   Section 10.3
  	
 Indemnification
   	  	33 	  
 ARTICLE XI Conflicts of Interest
   	  	34 	  
   Section 11.1
  	
 Transactions with Affiliates
   	  	34 	  
   Section 11.2
  	
 Outside Activities
   	  	34 	  
 ARTICLE XII Dissolution and Termination
   	  	35 	  
   Section 12.1
  	
 Dissolution
   	  	35 	  
   Section 12.2
  	
 Winding Up of Partnership
   	  	35 	  
   Section 12.3
  	
 Compliance with Certain Requirements of Regulations; Deficit Capital
 Accounts
   	  	36 	  
   Section 12.4
  	
 Deemed Distribution and Recontribution
   	  	36 	  
   Section 12.5
  	
 Distribution of Property
   	  	36 	  
   Section 12.6
  	
 Termination of Partnership
   	  	36 	  
 ARTICLE XIII Miscellaneous
   	  	36 	  
   Section 13.1
  	
 Notices
   	  	36 	  
   Section 13.2
  	
 Integration
   	  	36 	  
   Section 13.3
  	
 Assignment
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.4
  	
 Parties in Interest
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.5
  	
 Counterparts
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.6
  	
 Amendment; Waiver
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.7
  	
 Severability
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.8
  	
 Governing Law
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.9
  	
 No Bill for Accounting
   	  	37 	  
   Section 13.10
  	
 Waiver of Partition
   	  	38 	  
   Section 13.11
  	
 Third Parties
   	  	38 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Second Amended and Restated

Agreement of Limited Partnership

of

Hess North Dakota Export Logistics Operations LP

This Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hess 
North Dakota Export Logistics Operations LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
(the Partnership), effective as of [             ], 2017 (the Effective 
Date), is entered into by and between Hess North Dakota Export Logistics 
GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Export Logistics GP), as 
the General Partner, and Hess Infrastructure Partners LP, a Delaware 
limited partnership (HIP), as the Limited Partner.

WHEREAS, the Partnership was previously formed as a limited partnership and 
was governed by the Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, 
dated as of November 3, 2014 (the Original Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Original Agreement was amended and restated by that certain 
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership 
dated as of [                     ] (the Current Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the General Partner and the Limited Partner desire to amend and 
restate the Current Agreement in its entirety pursuant to the terms hereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, conditions and agreements 
contained herein, the parties hereto hereby amend and restate the Current 
Agreement in its entirety and agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.1    Definitions. The following terms have the following meanings 
when used in this Agreement.

Act means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, 6 Del. C. 
§ 17-101 et seq., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, 
and any successor to such statute.

Additional Rolling Stock means, to the extent owned by and transferrable 
from HIP LP or its subsidiaries at the time of a request by Logistics GP as 
described in Section 5.3 of the Contribution Agreement, (i) the 956 crude 
oil rail cars constructed to American Association of Railroads Petition 
1577 (CPC-1232) standards owned by Hess Tank Cars LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company, as of the Effective Date, (ii) any rail cars exchanged 
for the rail cars described in the foregoing clause (i), or (iii) any other 
consideration received for the rail cars described in the foregoing clauses 
(i) or (ii).
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adjusted Capital Account means, with respect to any Partner, the balance 
in such Partners Capital Account as of the end of the relevant Allocation 
Year, after giving effect to the following adjustments:

(i)     credit to such Capital Account any amounts which such Partner is 
deemed obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of 
Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5); and

(ii)    debit to such Capital Account the items described in Regulations 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6).

The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account is intended to comply 
with the provisions of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall 
be interpreted consistently therewith.

Adjusted Capital Account Deficit means, with respect to any Partner, the 
deficit balance, if any, in such Partners Adjusted Capital Account as of 
the end of the relevant Allocation Year.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is 
controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question. As 
used herein, the term control means the possession, direct or indirect, 
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise.

Agreement means this Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Hess North Dakota Export Logistics Operations LP, as amended 
from time to time.

Allocation Year means (a) each calendar year ending on December 31 or (b) 
any portion thereof for which the Partnership is required to allocate 
Profits, Losses and other items of Partnership income, gain, loss or 
deduction pursuant to Article V.

Applicable Law means any applicable statute, law, regulation, ordinance, 
rule, judgment, rule of law, order, decree, permit, approval, concession, 
grant, franchise, license, agreement, requirement or other governmental 
restriction or any similar form of decision of, or any provision or 
condition of any permit, license or other operating authorization issued 
under any of the foregoing by or any determination by any Governmental 
Authority having or asserting jurisdiction over the matter or matters in 
question, whether now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended 
(including all of the terms and provisions of the common law of such 
Governmental Authority), as interpreted and enforced at the time in 
question.

Calculation Agent means [                     ] or any other successor 
appointed by the Partnership, acting as calculation agent.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital Account means, with respect to any Partner, the Capital Account 
established and maintained for such Partner in accordance with the 
following provisions:

(i)    to each Partners Capital Account there shall be credited (A) such 
Partners Capital Contributions, (B) such Partners distributive share of 
Profits and any items in the nature of income or gain that are specially 
allocated to such Partner pursuant to Section 5.3 or Section 5.4 and (C) 
the amount of any Liabilities of the Partnership assumed by such Partner or 
that are secured by any Property distributed to such Partner;

(ii)    to each Partners Capital Account there shall be debited (A) the 
amount of cash and the Gross Asset Value of any Partnership Property 
distributed to such Partner pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, 
(B) such Partners distributive share of Losses and any items in the nature 
of deduction, expense or loss which are specially allocated to such Partner 
pursuant to Section 5.3 or Section 5.4 and (C) the amount of any 
Liabilities of such Partner assumed by the Partnership or that are secured 
by any Property contributed by such Partner to the Partnership;

(iii)    in the event a Partnership Interest is transferred in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall succeed to the 
Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it relates to the 
transferred interest; and

(iv)    in determining the amount of any Liability for purposes of 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above there shall be taken into account Code 
Section 752(c) and any other applicable provisions of the Code and 
Regulations.

The foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Agreement 
relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with 
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b) and shall be interpreted and applied in a 
manner consistent with such Regulations. In the event the Tax Matters 
Partner shall determine in good faith and on a commercially reasonable 
basis that it is prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital 
Accounts, or any debits or credits thereto, are computed in order to comply 
with such Regulations, the Tax Matters Partner may make such modification, 
provided that the Tax Matters Partner promptly gives each other Partner 
written notice of such modification. The Tax Matters Partner also shall, in 
good faith and on a commercially reasonable basis, (A) make any adjustments 
to the Capital Accounts that are necessary or appropriate to maintain 
equality between the aggregate Capital Accounts of the Partners and the 
amount of capital reflected on the Partnerships balance sheet, as computed 
for book purposes, in accordance with Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q) and (B) make any appropriate modifications to the 
Capital Accounts in the event unanticipated events might otherwise cause 
this Agreement not to comply with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b).

Capital Contributions means, with respect to any Partner, the amount of 
cash, cash equivalents or the initial Gross Asset Value of any Property 
(other than cash) contributed or deemed contributed to the Partnership by 
such Partner.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital Lease means any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the 
right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which 
obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as a capital 
lease on a consolidated balance sheet of the Partnership and its 
subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

Capital Request has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b)(vi).

Certificate means the certificate of limited partnership of the 
Partnership filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in 
accordance with the Act, as amended from time to time.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect 
from time to time. Any reference herein to a specific section or sections 
of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding 
provision of any successor law.

Completion Funding Obligation means the obligation of HIP to fund certain 
Uncompleted Projects (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) set forth 
in Article V of the Contribution Agreement.

Contribution Agreement means that certain Contribution, Conveyance and 
Assumption Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among Hess 
Midstream Partners, the General Partner, the Partnership and the other 
parties thereto.

Covered Person means any Partner, any Affiliate of a Partner or any 
officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, employees, 
representatives or agents of a Partner or their respective Affiliates, any 
Representative, or any employee, officer or agent of the Partnership or its 
Subsidiaries.

Depreciation means, for each Allocation Year, an amount equal to the 
depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction allowable with 
respect to an asset for such Allocation Year for federal income tax 
purposes, except that (i) if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs from 
its adjusted tax basis for federal income tax purposes at the beginning of 
such Allocation Year and such difference is being eliminated by use of the 
remedial allocation method as defined in Regulations Section 1.704-3(d), 
Depreciation for such Allocation Year shall equal the amount of book basis 
recovered for such period under the rules prescribed in Regulations Section 
1.704-3(d) and (ii) with respect to any other asset whose Gross Asset Value 
differs from its adjusted tax basis for federal income tax purposes at the 
beginning of such Allocation Year, Depreciation shall be an amount that 
bears the same ratio to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the federal 
income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction for 
such Allocation Year bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided, 
however, that if the adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes of an 
asset at the beginning of such Allocation Year is zero, Depreciation shall 
be determined with reference to such beginning Gross Asset Value using any 
reasonable method selected by the General Partner.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Designated LIBOR Page means the display on Reuters, or any successor 
service, on page LIBOR01, or any other page as may replace that page on 
that service, for the purpose of displaying the London Interbank rates for 
U.S. dollars.

Disregarded Entity means an entity that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner pursuant to Regulations Section 
301-7701-3(b)(1)(ii).

Distributable Cash means, with respect to any Quarter: (i) the sum of all 
cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership and its Subsidiaries on hand 
at the end of such Quarter; less (ii) the amount of cash reserves, if any, 
established by the General Partner in its sole discretion to (A) provide 
for the proper conduct of the business of the Partnership and its 
Subsidiaries (including reserves for future capital or operating 
expenditures and for anticipated future credit needs of the Partnership and 
its Subsidiaries or to make distributions with respect to Excess Capital 
pursuant to Section 6.2) subsequent to such Quarter; or (B) comply with 
Applicable Law or any loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, debt 
instrument or other agreement or obligation to which the Partnership or any 
of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound or any of 
their respective assets are subject.

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Excess Capital means, with respect to any Partner for any relevant 
Quarter, the excess, if any, of (i) such Partners Excess Capital 
Contributions, over (ii) the aggregate amount of distributions made to such 
Partner pursuant to Section 6.2.

Excess Capital Contributions has the meaning set forth in Section 
4.2(b)(vi).

Excess Capital Priority Return means, with respect to any Partner for any 
relevant Quarter, an amount equal to the product of (i) the sum of (x) 
LIBOR determined for the LIBOR Determination Date with respect to such 
Quarter plus (y) 0.[    ]% times (ii) the weighted average balance of such 
Partners Excess Capital for such Quarter.

Export Logistics GP has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Fiscal Year means a calendar year.

Full Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b)(vi).

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

General Partner means Export Logistics GP and its successors and 
permitted assigns that are admitted to the Partnership as general partner 
and any additional general partner of the Partnership, each in its capacity 
as general partner of the Partnership.

General Partner Interest means the equity interest of the General Partner 
in the Partnership including, without limitation, any and all economic 
rights, powers and benefits to which the General Partner is entitled as 
provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the General Partner (as the holder of the General Partner Interest) to 
comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the General Partner Interest does not include any Voting 
Interests held by the General Partner.

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign 
government or any provincial, departmental or other political subdivision 
thereof, or any entity, body or authority exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory, administrative or other governmental 
functions or any court, department, commission, board, bureau, agency, 
instrumentality or administrative body of any of the foregoing.

Gross Asset Value means, with respect to any asset, the assets adjusted 
basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows:

(i)    the initial Gross Asset Value of any Property contributed by a 
Partner to the Partnership shall be the gross fair market value of such 
asset as agreed to by each Partner or, in the absence of any such 
agreement, as determined by the General Partner, provided that the initial 
Gross Asset Value of the Logistics Assets shall be $[        ] and shall 
not be adjusted as a result of payment by HIP in discharge of its 
Completion Funding Obligation;

(ii)    the Gross Asset Values of all items of Property shall be adjusted 
to equal their respective fair market values as determined by the General 
Partner as of the following times: (A) the acquisition of an additional 
interest in the Partnership by any new or existing Partner in exchange for 
more than a de minimis Capital Contribution, provided that no adjustment to 
Gross Asset Values shall be made in connection with the making of any 
Capital Contributions by the Partners that do not result in an adjustment 
to the Percentage Equity Interests of the Partners, (B) the distribution by 
the Partnership to a Partner of more than a de minimis amount of Property 
as consideration for an interest in the Partnership, (C) the issuance of 
additional Partnership Interests as consideration for the provision of 
services, (D) the liquidation of the Partnership within the meaning of 
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) (other than pursuant to Section 
708(b)(1)(B) of the Code), (E) the issuance of a Noncompensatory Option, or 
(F) any other event to the extent determined by the Partners to be 
necessary to properly reflect the Gross Asset Values in accordance with the 
standards set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q); provided, 
however, that in the event of the issuance of an interest in the 
Partnership pursuant to the exercise of a Noncompensatory Option where the 
right to share in Partnership capital represented by the Partnership 
Interest differs from the consideration paid to acquire and exercise the 
Noncompensatory Option, the Gross Asset Value of each Partnership asset 
immediately after the issuance of the Partnership Interest shall be 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect any unrealized gain or unrealized 
loss attributable to the Partnership asset and the Capital Accounts of the 
Partners shall be adjusted in a manner consistent with Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s); provided further that if any Noncompensatory Options 
are outstanding upon the occurrence of an event described in this paragraph 
(ii)(A) through (ii)(F), the Partnership shall adjust the Gross Asset 
Values of its properties in accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f)(1) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(h)(2);
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)    the Gross Asset Value of any item of Property distributed to any 
Partner shall be adjusted to equal the fair market value of such item on 
the date of distribution as determined by the General Partner; and

(iv)    the Gross Asset Value of each item of Property shall be increased 
(or decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such 
assets pursuant to Code Sections 734(b) or 743(b), but only to the extent 
that such adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital 
Accounts pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and 
subparagraph (vi) of the definition of Profits and Losses; provided, 
however, that Gross Asset Values shall not be adjusted pursuant to this 
subparagraph (iv) to the extent that an adjustment pursuant to 
subparagraph (ii) above is required in connection with a transaction that 
would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant to this subparagraph (iv)
.

If the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted 
pursuant to subparagraph (i), subparagraph (ii) or subparagraph (iv) above, 
such Gross Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation 
taken into account with respect to such asset for purposes of computing 
Profits and Losses.

Guarantees by any Person means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, 
of such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness or 
other obligation of any other Person or in any manner providing for the 
payment of any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person or 
otherwise protecting the holder of such Indebtedness or other obligations 
against loss (whether arising by virtue of organizational agreements, by 
obtaining letters of credit, by agreement to keep-well, to take-or-pay or 
to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, or otherwise); 
provided, however, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements 
for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.

Hess Corp. means Hess Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

Hess Logistics Holdings means Hess North Dakota Export Logistics Holdings 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Hess Logistics LLC means Hess North Dakota Export Logistics LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company.

Hess Midstream Cash Pooling Agreement means the Cash Pooling Agreement 
entered into as of [             ], 2017, by and among Hess Midstream 
Partners, the Partnership, Hess TGP Operations LP, Hess Mentor Storage 
Holdings LLC and Hess North Dakota Pipelines Operations LP.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hess Midstream Partners means Hess Midstream Partners LP, a Delaware 
limited partnership.

HIP has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (i) all 
obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits 
or advances of any kind, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by 
bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of 
such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (iv) all 
obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention 
agreements relating to property or assets purchased by such Person, (v) all 
obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price 
of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable, trade 
advertising and accrued obligations), (vi) all Indebtedness of others 
secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing 
right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any lien on property 
owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured 
thereby have been assumed, (vii) all Guarantees by such Person of 
Indebtedness of others, (viii) all Capital Lease obligations of such 
Person, (ix) all obligations of such Person in respect of interest rate 
protection agreements, foreign currency exchange agreements or other 
interest rate hedging arrangements and (x) all obligations of such Person 
as an account party in respect of letters of credit and bankers 
acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness 
of any partnership in which such Person is a general partner, other than to 
the extent that the instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness 
expressly limits the Liability of such Person in respect thereof.

Liability means any Indebtedness, obligation or other liability, whether 
arising under Applicable Law, contract or otherwise, known or unknown, 
fixed or contingent, real or potential, tangible or intangible, now 
existing or hereafter arising.

LIBOR means, for any LIBOR Determination Date, the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in U.S. dollars for a three-month period 
commencing on the second London Banking Day immediately following that 
LIBOR Determination Date that appear on the Designated LIBOR Page as of 
11:00 a.m., London time, on that LIBOR Determination Date, if at least two 
offered rates appear on the Designated LIBOR Page, provided that if the 
specified Designated LIBOR Page by its terms provides only for a single 
rate, that single rate will be used. If (i) fewer than two offered rates 
appear or (ii) no rate appears and the Designated LIBOR Page by its terms 
provides only for a single rate, then the Calculation Agent will request 
the principal London offices of each of four major banks in the London 
interbank market, as selected by the Calculation Agent, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation for deposits in U.S. dollars 
for a three-month period commencing on the second London Banking Day 
immediately following that LIBOR Determination Date to prime banks in the 
London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on that 
LIBOR Determination Date and in a principal amount that is representative 
of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that market at that time. If at 
least two quotations are provided, LIBOR determined on that LIBOR 
Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of those quotations. If 
fewer than two quotations are provided, LIBOR will be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates quoted at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
City time, on that LIBOR Determination Date by three major banks in New 
York City selected by the Calculation Agent for loans in U.S. dollars to 
leading European banks for a three-month period and in a principal amount 
that is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that 
market at that time. If the banks so selected by the Calculation Agent are 
not quoting as set forth above, LIBOR for that LIBOR Determination Date 
will remain LIBOR for the immediately preceding Quarter. All percentages 
used in or resulting from any calculation of LIBOR will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005% rounded up to 0.00001%. The determination of Three-Month 
LIBOR for each relevant distribution period by the Calculation Agent will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding.

LIBOR Determination Date means the second London Banking Day immediately 
preceding the first day of the relevant Quarter.

Limited Partner means HIP and its successors and permitted assigns that 
are admitted as a limited partner of the Partnership and each additional 
Person who becomes a limited partner of the Partnership pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement, in each case, in such Persons capacity as a 
limited partner of the Partnership.

Limited Partner Interest means the equity interest of a Limited Partner 
in the Partnership (in its capacity as a limited partner) including, 
without limitation, any and all economic rights and benefits to which such 
Limited Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with 
all obligations of such Limited Partner (as the holder of a Limited Partner 
Interest) to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. For 
the avoidance of doubt, Limited Partner Interests of a Limited Partner do 
not include any Voting Interests held by such Limited Partner.

Logistics Assets means the Ramberg Terminal Facility, the Tioga Rail 
Terminal and all other assets owned, directly or indirectly, by Hess 
Logistics LLC as of the Effective Date.

London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in London.

Maintenance Capital Expenditures has the meaning set forth in the MLP 
Partnership Agreement.

Minimum Gain has the meaning set forth in Regulations Sections 
1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).

MLP Partnership Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Agreement 
of Limited Partnership of Hess Midstream Partners, dated as of the 
Effective Date.

Noncompensatory Option has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 
1.721-2(f).

Non-Funding Partner has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b)(vi).
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nonrecourse Deductions has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 
1.704-2(b)(1) and 1.704-2(c).

Nonrecourse Liability has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 
1.704-2(b)(3).

Officers has the meaning set forth in the Section 8.1(b).

Oil Export Finco means Hess North Dakota Oil Export Finance Company LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company.

Other Projects has the meaning set forth in the Contribution Agreement.

Partner means a General Partner or a Limited Partner.

Partner Nonrecourse Debt has the meaning set forth in Regulations Section 
1.704-2(b)(4).

Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain means an amount, with respect to 
each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Minimum Gain that would result 
if such Partner Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, 
determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3).

Partner Nonrecourse Deductions has the meaning set forth in Regulations 
Sections 1.704-2(i)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(2).

Partnership has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Partnership Interest means the entire equity interest of a Partner, 
including any class or series of equity interest, in the Partnership at any 
time, which shall include any Limited Partner Interests and the General 
Partner Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, Voting Interests shall not be 
considered Partnership Interests for purposes of this Agreement. The 
Partners respective Percentage Equity Interests as of the Effective Date 
are set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement, as may be amended from time 
to time in accordance with this Agreement.

Percentage Equity Interests has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

Percentage Voting Interests has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

Person means an individual or a corporation, firm, limited liability 
company, partnership, joint venture, trust, estate, unincorporated 
organization, association, Governmental Authority or political subdivision 
thereof or other entity.

Profits and Losses mean, for each Allocation Year, an amount equal to 
the Partnerships taxable income or loss for such Allocation Year, 
determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all 
items of income, gain, loss or deduction required to be
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be included in 
taxable income or loss), with the following adjustments (without 
duplication):

(i)    the Partnership shall be treated as owning directly its 
proportionate share (as determined by the General Partner) of any other 
partnership, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other 
entity classified as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes of which the Partnership is, directly or indirectly, a 
partner, member or other equity-holder;

(ii)    any income of the Partnership that is exempt from federal income 
tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses 
pursuant to this definition of Profits and Losses shall be added to such 
taxable income or loss;

(iii)    any expenditures of the Partnership described in Code Section 
705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant 
to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into 
account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition of 
Profits and Losses, shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss;

(iv)    in the event the Gross Asset Value of any item of Property is 
adjusted pursuant to subparagraph (ii) or subparagraph (iii) of the 
definition of Gross Asset Value, the amount of such adjustment shall be 
treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the Gross Asset 
Value of the item of Property) or an item of loss (if the adjustment 
decreases the Gross Asset Value of the item of Property) from the 
disposition of such asset and shall be taken into account for purposes of 
computing Profits or Losses;

(v)    gain or loss resulting from any disposition of any Property with 
respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes 
shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the item of 
Property disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such 
Property differs from its Gross Asset Value;

(vi)    in lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery 
deductions taken into account in computing such taxable income or loss, 
there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such Allocation Year, 
computed in accordance with the definition of Depreciation;

(vii)    to the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any item 
of Property pursuant to Code Sections 734(b) or 743(b) is required, 
pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4), to be taken into 
account in determining Capital Accounts as a result of a distribution other 
than in liquidation of a Partners Partnership Interest, the amount of such 
adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases 
the basis of the item of Property) or loss (if the adjustment decreases 
such basis) from the disposition of such item of Property and shall be 
taken into account for purposes of computing Profits or Losses; and
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(viii)    notwithstanding any other provision of this definition, any items 
that are specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.3 or Section 5.4 shall 
not be taken into account in calculating Profits or Losses.

The amounts of the items of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction 
available to be specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.3 and Section 5.4 
shall be determined by applying rules analogous to those set forth in 
subparagraph (i) through subparagraph (viii) above. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any guaranteed payment that accrues with respect to an Allocation 
Year will be treated as an item of deduction of the Partnership for 
purposes of computing Profits and Losses in accordance with the provisions 
of Regulations Section 1.707-1(c).

Property means all real and personal property acquired by the 
Partnership, including cash, and any improvements thereto, and shall 
include both tangible and intangible property.

Quarter means, unless the context requires otherwise, a fiscal quarter of 
the Partnership or, with respect to the fiscal quarter of the Partnership 
that includes the Effective Date, the portion of such fiscal quarter from 
and after the Effective Date.

Ramberg Terminal Facility means that certain crude oil truck and pipeline 
receipt terminal located in Williams County, North Dakota, and owned by 
Hess Logistics LLC as of the Effective Date.

Regulations means the Income Tax Regulations, including Temporary 
Regulations, promulgated under the Code, as such regulations are amended 
from time to time.

Regulatory Allocations has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(a).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (i) a corporation of which 
more than 50% of the voting power of shares entitled (without regard to the 
occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors or 
other governing body of such corporation is owned, directly or indirectly, 
at the date of determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries 
of such Person or a combination thereof, (ii) a partnership (whether 
general or limited) in which such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person is, 
at the date of determination, a general or limited partner of such 
partnership, but only if more than 50% of the general partner interests of 
such partnership is owned, directly or indirectly, at the date of 
determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person 
or a combination thereof or (iii) any other Person (other than a 
corporation or a partnership) in which such Person, one or more 
Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, directly or 
indirectly, at the date of determination, has (A) at least a majority 
ownership interest or (B) the power to elect or direct the election of a 
majority of the directors or other governing body of such Person.

Tax Matters Partner has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(a).
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tioga Rail Terminal means that certain crude oil and NGL rail loading 
terminal in Tioga, North Dakota, and owned by Hess Logistics LLC as of the 
Effective Date.

Unanimous Approval Matter has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2.

Unanticipated Maintenance Capital Expenditures has the meaning set forth 
in the Contribution Agreement.

Uncompleted Projects has the meaning set forth in the Contribution 
Agreement.

Voting Interest means the voting interest of a Partner in the Partnership 
including, without limitation, any and all voting rights and benefits to 
which such Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with 
all obligations of such Partner (as the holder of a Voting Interest) to 
comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The Partners 
respective Percentage Voting Interests as of the Effective Date are set 
forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement, as may be amended from time to time 
in accordance with this Agreement.

Section 1.2    Construction. Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) any 
pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, 
feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and 
verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (b) references to Articles 
and Sections refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement; (c) the 
terms include, includes, including or words of like import shall be 
deemed to be followed by the words without limitation and (d) the terms 
hereof, herein or hereunder refer to this Agreement as a whole and 
not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The headings contained 
in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in 
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The General 
Partner has the power to construe and interpret this Agreement and to act 
upon any such construction or interpretation. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, any construction or interpretation of this Agreement by 
the General Partner, any action taken pursuant thereto and any 
determination made by the General Partner in good faith shall, in each 
case, be conclusive and binding on all Limited Partners, each other Person 
who acquires an interest in a Partnership Interest and all other Persons 
bound by this Agreement for all purposes.


ARTICLE II
BUSINESS, PURPOSE AND TERM OF PARTNERSHIP

Section 2.1    Formation. The Partnership was formed as a limited 
partnership by the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of 
the State of Delaware pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the 
execution of the Current Agreement. Except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement, the rights, duties, liabilities and obligations of the Partners 
and the administration, dissolution and termination of the Partnership 
shall be governed by the Act. All Partnership Interests shall constitute 
personal property of the owner thereof for all purposes.

Section 2.2    Name. The name of the Partnership shall be Hess North 
Dakota Export Logistics Operations LP. Subject to Applicable Law, the 
Partnerships business may be
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
conducted under any other name or names as determined by the General 
Partner, including the name of the General Partner. The words Limited 
Partnership, L.P., Ltd. or similar words or letters shall be included 
in the Partnerships name where necessary for the purpose of complying with 
the laws of any jurisdiction that so requires. The General Partner may, 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, amend this Agreement and the 
Certificate to change the name of the Partnership at any time and from time 
to time and shall notify the Limited Partners of such change in the next 
regular communication to the Limited Partners.

Section 2.3    Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other 
Offices. Unless and until changed by the General Partner, the registered 
office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware shall be located at 1209 
Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, and the registered agent for 
service of process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware at such 
registered office shall be The Corporation Trust Company. The principal 
office of the Partnership shall be located at 1501 McKinney Street, 
Houston, Texas 77010, or such other place as the General Partner may from 
time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners. The Partnership 
may maintain offices at such other place or places within or outside the 
State of Delaware as the General Partner determines to be necessary or 
appropriate. The address of the General Partner shall be 1501 McKinney 
Street, Houston, Texas 77010, or such other place as the General Partner 
may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners.

Section 2.4    Purpose and Business. The purpose and nature of the business 
to be conducted by the Partnership shall be to (a) engage directly in, or 
enter into or form, hold and dispose of any corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, limited liability company or other arrangement to engage 
indirectly in, any business or activity that is approved by the General 
Partner and that lawfully may be conducted by a limited partnership 
organized pursuant to the Act and, in connection therewith, to exercise all 
of the rights and powers conferred upon the Partnership pursuant to the 
agreements relating to such business activity and (b) do anything necessary 
or appropriate in furtherance of the foregoing; provided, however, that the 
General Partner shall not cause the Partnership to engage, directly or 
indirectly, in any business activity that the General Partner determines 
would be reasonably likely to cause the Partnership to be treated as an 
association taxable as a corporation or otherwise taxable as an entity for 
federal income tax purposes. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to propose or approve the 
conduct by the Partnership of any business and may decline to do so free of 
any fiduciary duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any 
Limited Partner and, in declining to so propose or approve, shall not be 
required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by 
this Agreement or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the 
General Partner in determining whether to propose or approve the conduct by 
the Partnership of any business shall be permitted to do so in its sole and 
absolute discretion.

Section 2.5    Powers. The Partnership shall be empowered to do any and all 
acts and things necessary, appropriate, proper, advisable, incidental to or 
convenient for the furtherance and accomplishment of the purposes and 
business described in Section 2.4 and for the protection and benefit of the 
Partnership.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.6    Term. The term of the Partnership commenced upon the filing 
of the Certificate in accordance with the Act and shall continue until the 
dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of 
Article XII. The existence of the Partnership as a separate legal entity 
shall continue until the cancellation of the Certificate as provided in the 
Act.

Section 2.7    Title to Partnership Assets. Title to Partnership assets, 
whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall 
be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, 
individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such 
Partnership assets or any portion thereof. Title to any or all of the 
Partnership assets may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General 
Partner, one or more Affiliates of the General Partner or one or more 
nominees of the General Partner or its Affiliates, as the General Partner 
may determine. The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any 
Partnership assets for which record title is held in the name of the 
General Partner or one or more Affiliates of the General Partner or one or 
more nominees of the General Partner or its Affiliates shall be held by the 
General Partner or such Affiliate or nominee for the use and benefit of the 
Partnership in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, 
however, that the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to cause 
record title to such assets (other than those assets in respect of which 
the General Partner determines that the expense and difficulty of 
conveyancing makes transfer of record title to the Partnership 
impracticable) to be vested in the Partnership or one or more of the 
Partnerships designated Affiliates as soon as reasonably practicable; 
provided further that, prior to the withdrawal or removal of the General 
Partner or as soon thereafter as practicable, the General Partner shall use 
reasonable efforts to effect the transfer of record title to the 
Partnership and, prior to any such transfer, will provide for the use of 
such assets in a manner satisfactory to any successor General Partner. All 
Partnership assets shall be recorded as the property of the Partnership in 
its books and records, irrespective of the name in which record title to 
such Partnership assets is held.


ARTICLE III
PARTNERS

Section 3.1    Partners; Percentage Interests. The name and address of the 
Partners, the type of Partnership Interest held by each Partner and their 
respective percentage interests in the total outstanding Partnership 
Interests (Percentage Equity Interest) and Voting Interests (Percentage 
Voting Interest) are set forth on Exhibit A to this Agreement.

Section 3.2    Adjustments in Percentage Equity Interests and Percentage 
Voting Interests. The Percentage Equity Interests and Percentage Voting 
Interests of the Partners shall be adjusted (a) at the time of any transfer 
of all or a portion of such Partners Partnership Interest and Voting 
Interest pursuant to Section 9.1, (b) at the time of the issuance of 
additional Partnership Interests and Voting Interests pursuant to Section 
8.2(b), (c) at the time of the admission of each new Partner in accordance 
with this Agreement, and (d) at the time of the redemption of all or any 
portion of a Partners Partnership Interest and Voting Interest, in each 
case to take into account such transfer, issuance, admission of a new 
Partner, or redemption.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.3    Limitation of Liability. The Limited Partners shall have no 
liability under this Agreement except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement or the Act.


ARTICLE IV
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS

Section 4.1    Capitalization of the Partnership. Subject to Section 8.2, 
the Partnership is authorized to issue the Voting Interests, the General 
Partner Interests and the Limited Partner Interests. The Partnership 
Interests shall be designated as General Partner Interests and Limited 
Partner Interests. The Voting Interests and the Partnership Interests shall 
each have such rights, powers, preferences and designations as set forth in 
this Agreement.


Section 4.2    Capital Contributions.

(a)    Organizational Capital Contributions and Subsequent Contributions.

(i)    In connection with the formation of the Partnership under the Act, 
on October 30, 2014, Export Logistics GP agreed to make (and has heretofore 
made) an initial Capital Contribution to the Partnership in the amount of 
$10,000 for a 50% General Partner Interest and was admitted as the General 
Partner of the Partnership, and Oil Export FinCo agreed to make (and has 
heretofore made) an initial Capital Contribution to the Partnership in the 
amount of $10,000 for a 50% Limited Partner Interest and was admitted as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership. At the time of the Capital 
Contributions described in this Section 4.2(a)(i), Oil Export FinCo was 
wholly-owned by Hess Corp. and Export Logistics GP was wholly owned by Oil 
Export FinCo, thus each of them was a Disregarded Entity and the 
Partnership was also a Disregarded Entity.

(ii)    Effective as of December 1, 2014, the limited liability company 
interests in Hess Logistics Holdings were transferred as follows: (A) Hess 
Corp., which owned 100% of the limited liability company interests in Hess 
Logistics Holdings, transferred such limited liability company interests to 
Oil Export FinCo; (B) Oil Export FinCo transferred 1% of the Hess Logistics 
Holdings limited liability company interests to the General Partner; and 
(C) Oil Export FinCo transferred its remaining 99% limited liability 
company interest in Hess Logistics Holdings and the General Partner 
transferred its 1% limited liability company interest in Hess Logistics 
Holdings to the Partnership. Hess Logistics Holdings was (and as of the 
Effective Date is) a Disregarded Entity.

(iii)    Effective as of June 18, 2015, Oil Export Finco transferred its 
partnership interest in the Partnership, through a series of transactions, 
to HIP, and HIP was admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership.

(iv)    On the Effective Date, and upon the amendment and restatement of 
the Current Agreement but prior to the transactions described below, the 
parties hereto agree that (A) the General Partner held a 1% Percentage 
Equity Interest and a 51% Percentage Voting Interest and (B) HIP held a 99% 
Percentage Equity Interest and a 49% Percentage Voting Interest.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v)    On the Effective Date, pursuant to and as described in the 
Contribution Agreement, HIP contributed a Limited Partner Interest 
constituting a [    ]% Percentage Equity Interest to the General Partner as 
a contribution to its capital, and such Limited Partner Interest was 
re-designated as a General Partner Interest (such contribution, the GP 
Day-One Contribution) such that after the GP Day-One Contribution, the 
General Partner held a 20.0% Percentage Equity Interest and a 51% Voting 
Interest and HIP held a 80.0% Percentage Equity Interest and a 49% Voting 
Interest. Following the foregoing transactions, (x) Export Logistics GP 
continued as the General Partner and HIP continued as the Limited Partner 
and (y) the Percentage Equity Interest of the Partners shall be as set 
forth on Exhibit A.

(vi)    On the Effective Date, pursuant to and as described in the 
Contribution Agreement, HIP contributed 100% of the limited liability 
company interests in Export Logistics GP to Hess Midstream Partners, which 
contribution resulted in the Partnership becoming a partnership for federal 
income tax purposes. In accordance with Rev. Rul. 99-5, 1999-1 C.B. 434 (
Situation 1), the HIP contribution described in this Section 4.2(a)(v) 
shall be treated solely for federal income tax purposes as (A) first, as a 
contribution to Hess Midstream Partners of an undivided [    ]% interest in 
the Logistics Assets in exchange for an interest in Hess Midstream 
Partners, and (B) second, as a simultaneous contribution to the Partnership 
by Hess Midstream Partners and HIP of their undivided interests in the 
Logistics Assets in exchange for, respectively, a [    ]% General Partner 
Interest held by Export Logistics GP and a [    ]% Limited Partner 
Interest. Because Export Logistics GP is a Disregarded Entity, the partners 
of the Partnership solely for tax purposes as of the Effective Date are HIP 
and Hess Midstream Partners.


(b)    Additional Capital Contributions and other Obligations of the 
Partners.

(i)    In General. Other than as set forth in this Section 4.2(b), no 
Partner shall have any right or obligation to make additional Capital 
Contributions to the Partnership.

(ii)    Completion Funding Obligation. Upon request by the General Partner, 
HIP will pay to the Partnership, or any other Person as directed by the 
General Partner, any amounts necessary to satisfy its Completion Funding 
Obligation. Amounts expended by HIP in satisfaction of its Completion 
Funding Obligation shall not be treated as additional Capital Contributions 
by HIP, its Capital Account shall not be increased by the amount so 
expended, and its Percentage Equity Interest and its Percentage Voting 
Interest shall not be adjusted. Such amounts expended shall be included in 
(x) HIPs adjusted tax basis in its Limited Partner Interest and (y) the 
Partnerships adjusted tax basis in the Logistics Assets. The General 
Partner may not request additional Capital Contributions from the Partners 
for amounts that HIP is obligated to expend in satisfaction of its 
Completion Funding Obligation.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)    Additional Rolling Stock. HIP shall make Capital Contributions of 
Additional Rolling Stock in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 
of the Contribution Agreement. HIPs Capital Account shall be increased by 
the Gross Asset Value of any Additional Rolling Stock contributed to the 
Partnership but HIPs Percentage Equity Interest and its Percentage Voting 
Interest shall not be adjusted in connection therewith.

(iv)    Warranty for Unanticipated Maintenance Capital Expenditures. As set 
forth in Article IV of the Contribution Agreement, HIP shall, upon request, 
make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership to the extent 
necessary to fund Unanticipated Maintenance Capital Expenditures incurred 
by the Partnership during the period running from the Effective Date 
through [●]; provided, however, that the amount of additional Capital 
Contributions that HIP shall be obligated to make pursuant to this Section 
4.2(b)(iv) shall be limited as set forth in Article IV of the Contribution 
Agreement.

(v)    Funding of Other Projects. As set forth in Section 5.2 of the 
Contribution Agreement, HIP shall, upon request, make additional Capital 
Contributions to the Partnership to the extent necessary to fund the 
payment of costs and expenses attributable to Other Projects of the Hess 
North Dakota Export Logistics LLC; provided, however, that the amount of 
additional Capital Contributions that HIP shall be obligated to make 
pursuant to this Section 4.2(b)(v) shall be limited as set forth in Section 
5.2 of the Contribution Agreement.

(vi)    Other Capital Contributions. Except as otherwise provided in 
Section 4.2(b)(ii), Section 4.2(b)(iii), Section 4.2(b)(iv) and Section 
4.2(b)(v), the General Partner may, at any time, request that Partners make 
additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership at such times and in 
such amounts as determined by the General Partner (a Capital Request). 
Within twenty (20) days of a Capital Request, each Partner may, but shall 
not be required to, make Capital Contributions pro rata in accordance with 
each Partners respective Percentage Equity Interest. Any Partner electing 
not to make all or any portion of the additional Capital Contribution 
requested of it in a Capital Request (a Non-Funding Partner) shall not 
have its Percentage Equity Interest or Percentage Voting Interest adjusted. 
In the event any Partner is a Non-Funding Partner with respect to a Capital 
Request, each Partner making the Capital Contribution requested of it 
pursuant to such Capital Request (each, a Full Participant) shall have 
the option to make additional Capital Contributions representing its 
proportionate share (based on the relative Percentage Equity Interest of 
each Full Participant) of any amount not contributed by the Non-Funding 
Partner (any such additional Capital Contribution made by a Full 
Participant being an Excess Capital Contribution). The Percentage Equity 
Interest and Percentage Voting Interest of any Partner making an Excess 
Capital Contribution shall not be adjusted as a result of such Excess 
Capital Contribution.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.3    Withdrawal of Capital; Interest. No Partner may withdraw 
capital or receive any distributions from the Partnership except as 
specifically provided herein. No interest shall accrue or be payable by the 
Partnership on any Capital Contributions.

Section 4.4    Maintenance of Capital Accounts. The General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to maintain a Capital Account for each Partner in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the definition of Capital 
Account in Section 1.1.


ARTICLE V
ALLOCATIONS AND TAX MATTERS

Section 5.1    Profits. After giving effect to the special allocations set 
forth in Section 5.3 and Section 5.4, Profits for any Allocation Year shall 
be allocated among the Partners in the following order and priority:

(a)    First, to the Partners in proportion to, and to the extent of, an 
amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the cumulative amount of the 
accrued Excess Capital Priority Return, if any, for each Partner from the 
Effective Date through the last day of the Allocation Year, over (ii) the 
cumulative Profits allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Section 
5.1(a) for all prior Allocation Years; and

(b)    Second, subject to the last sentence in Section 5.2(b), to the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Percentage Equity Interests.


Section 5.2    Losses.

(a)    After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Section 
5.3 and Section 5.4, and subject to the limitation set forth in Section 
5.2(b), Losses for any Allocation Year shall be allocated among the 
Partners in proportion to their respective Percentage Equity Interests.

(b)    Losses shall not be allocated to any Limited Partner pursuant to 
Section 5.2(a) to the extent such allocation would cause such Limited 
Partner to have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any 
Allocation Year.

(i)    In the event some but not all of the Partners would have Adjusted 
Capital Account Deficits as a result of an allocation of Losses pursuant to 
Section 5.2(a), Losses that would otherwise be allocated to a Partner 
pursuant to Section 5.2(a) but for the limitation set forth in this 
Section 5.2(b) shall be allocated to the remaining Partners in proportion 
to their relative Percentage Equity Interests.

(ii)    All remaining Losses in excess of the limitation set forth in this 
Section 5.2(b) shall be allocated to the General Partner.

Profits allocated pursuant to Section 5.1(b) for any Allocation Year 
subsequent to an Allocation Year for which the limitation set forth in this 
Section 5.2(b) was applicable shall be allocated (x) first, to reverse any 
Losses allocated to the General Partner pursuant to paragraph (ii) of this 
Section 5.2(b) and (y) second, to reverse any Losses allocated to the 
Partners pursuant to paragraph (i) of this Section 5.2(b) and in proportion 
to how such Losses were allocated.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.3    Special Allocations. The following special allocations shall 
be made in the following order:

(a)    Minimum Gain Chargeback. Except as otherwise provided in Regulations 
Section 1.704-2(f), notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, 
if there is a net decrease in Minimum Gain during any Allocation Year, each 
Partner shall be specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain 
for such Allocation Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Allocation Years) 
in an amount equal to such Partners share of the net decrease in Minimum 
Gain, determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(g). 
Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion 
to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Partner pursuant 
thereto. The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance 
with Regulations Sections 1.704-2(f)(6) and 1.704-2(g)(2). This Section 
5.3(a) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement 
in Regulations Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently 
therewith.

(b)    Partner Minimum Gain Chargeback. Except as otherwise provided in 
Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4), notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Article V, if there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain attributable to a Partner Nonrecourse Debt during any 
Allocation Year, each Partner who has a share of the Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Partner Nonrecourse Debt, determined 
in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(5), shall be specially 
allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such Allocation Year 
(and, if necessary, subsequent Allocation Years) in an amount equal to such 
Partners share of the net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum 
Gain attributable to such Partner Nonrecourse Debt, determined in 
accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4). Allocations pursuant to 
the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts 
required to be allocated to each Partner pursuant thereto. The items to be 
so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Regulations Sections 
1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2). This Section 5.3(b) is intended to comply 
with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Regulations Section 
1.704-2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(c)    Qualified Income Offset. In the event that any Partner unexpectedly 
receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions described in 
Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) or 
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6), items of Partnership income and gain shall be 
allocated to such Partner in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, 
to the extent required by the Regulations, the Adjusted Capital Account 
Deficit of such Partner as quickly as possible; provided that an allocation 
pursuant to this Section 5.3(c) shall be made only if and to the extent 
that such Partner would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all 
other allocations provided for in this Article V have been tentatively made 
as if this Section 5.3(c) were not in this Agreement.

(d)    Gross Income Allocation. In the event that any Partner has an 
Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any Allocation Year, each 
such Partner shall be allocated items of
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Partnership income and gain in the amount of such deficit as quickly as 
possible; provided, however, that an allocation pursuant to this Section 
5.3(d) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have 
an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other allocations provided 
for in this Article V have been tentatively made as if Section 5.3(c) and 
this Section 5.3(d) were not in this Agreement.

(e)    Nonrecourse Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions for any Allocation 
Year shall be allocated among the Partners in proportion to their 
respective Percentage Equity Interests.

(f)    Partner Nonrecourse Deductions. Any Partner Nonrecourse Deductions 
for any Allocation Year shall be specially allocated to the Partner who 
bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt to which such Partner Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in 
accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(1).

(g)    Nonrecourse Liabilities. Nonrecourse Liabilities of the Partnership 
described in Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3) shall be allocated among the 
Partners in the manner chosen by the General Partner and consistent with 
such section of the Regulations.

(h)    Section 754 Adjustments. To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted 
tax basis of any Partnership asset, pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code 
Section 743(b) is required, pursuant to Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) or 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4), to be taken into 
account in determining Capital Accounts as the result of a distribution to 
a Partner in complete liquidation of such Partners Partnership Interest, 
the amount of such adjustment to Capital Accounts shall be treated as an 
item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss 
(if the adjustment decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall be 
specially allocated to the Partners in accordance with their interests in 
the Partnership in the event Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) 
applies, or to the Partner to whom such distribution was made in the event 
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies.

(i)    Unanticipated Maintenance Capital Expenditures and Other Projects 
Costs. All items of deduction and loss attributable to (x) Maintenance 
Capital Expenditures funded with Capital Contributions made pursuant to 
Section 4.2(b)(iii) or (y) Other Projects costs and expenses funded with 
Capital Contributions made pursuant to Section 4.2(b)(iv) shall be 
allocated to HIP.

(j)    Interest Payments Pursuant to Cash Pooling Agreement. All items of 
deduction for interest expense for any taxable period that are attributable 
to the payment of interest by the Partnership to Hess Midstream Partners 
pursuant to the Cash Pooling Agreement with respect to Hess Midstream 
Partners positive cash balance for such taxable period shall be allocated 
to Export Logistics GP.

Section 5.4    Curative Allocations. The allocations set forth in Sections 
5.3(a) through 5.3(h) (the Regulatory Allocations) are intended to comply 
with certain requirements of the Regulations. It is the intent of the 
Partners that, to the extent possible, the Regulatory Allocations shall be 
offset with special allocations of other items of Partnership income, gain, 
loss or
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
deduction pursuant to this Section 5.4. Therefore, notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Article V (other than the Regulatory Allocations), 
the Tax Matters Partner shall make such offsetting special allocations of 
Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner it 
determines appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, 
each Partners Capital Account balance is, to the extent possible, equal to 
the Capital Account balance such Partner would have had if the Regulatory 
Allocations were not part of this Agreement and all Partnership items were 
allocated pursuant to Section 5.1, Section 5.2 and Section 5.3 (other than 
the Regulatory Allocations). In exercising its discretion under this 
Section 5.4, the Tax Matters Partner shall take into account future 
Regulatory Allocations that, although not yet made, are likely to offset 
other Regulatory Allocations previously made.


Section 5.5    Other Allocation Rules.

(a)    Profits, Losses and any other items of income, gain, loss, or 
deduction shall be allocated to the Partners pursuant to this Article V as 
of the last day of each Fiscal Year; provided, however, that Profits, 
Losses and such other items shall also be allocated at such times as the 
Gross Asset Values of the Partnerships assets are adjusted pursuant to 
subparagraph (ii) of the definition of Gross Asset Value in Section 1.1.

(b)    For purposes of determining the Profits, Losses or any other items 
allocable to any period, Profits, Losses and any such other items shall be 
determined on a daily proration basis by the General Partner under Code 
Section 706 and the Regulations thereunder.


Section 5.6    Tax Allocations: Code Section 704(c).

(a)    Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.6, each item of 
income, gain, loss and deduction of the Partnership for federal income tax 
purposes shall be allocated among the Partners in the same manner as such 
items are allocated for book purposes under this Article V. In accordance 
with Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss 
and deduction with respect to any Property contributed to the capital of 
the Partnership shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the 
Partners so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis 
of such Property to the Partnership for federal income tax purposes and its 
initial Gross Asset Value (computed in accordance with the definition of 
Gross Asset Value). Such allocation shall be made in accordance with the 
remedial method described by Regulations Section 1.704-3(d).

(b)    In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Property is adjusted 
pursuant to subparagraph (ii) of the definition of Gross Asset Value, 
subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to 
such Property shall take account of any variation between the adjusted 
basis of such Property for federal income tax purposes and its Gross Asset 
Value in the same manner as under Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations 
thereunder. Such allocation shall be made in accordance with the remedial 
method described by Regulations Section 1.704-3(d).
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    In accordance with Regulations Sections 1.1245-1(e) and 1.250-1(f), 
any gain allocated to the Partners upon the sale or other taxable 
disposition of any Partnership asset shall, to the extent possible, after 
taking into account other required allocations of gain pursuant to this 
Section 5.6(c), be characterized as recapture income in the same 
proportions and to the same extent as such Partners (or their predecessors 
in interest) have been allocated any deductions directly or indirectly 
giving rise to the treatment of such gains as recapture income.

(d)    Any elections or other decisions relating to such allocations shall 
be made by the General Partner in any manner that reasonably reflects the 
purpose and intention of this Agreement. Allocations pursuant to this 
Section 5.6 are solely for purposes of federal, state and local taxes and 
shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any 
Partners Capital Account or share of Profits, Losses, other items or 
distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.


Section 5.7    Tax Elections.

(a)    The Partners intend that the Partnership be treated as a partnership 
or a disregarded entity for federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, 
neither the Tax Matters Partner nor any Limited Partner shall file any 
election or return on its own behalf or on behalf of the Partnership that 
is inconsistent with that intent.

(b)    The Partnership shall make the election under Code Section 754 in 
accordance with the applicable Regulations issued thereunder, subject to 
the reservation of the right to seek to revoke any such election upon the 
General Partners determination that such revocation is in the best 
interests of the Partners.

(c)    Any elections or other decisions relating to tax matters that are 
not expressly provided herein, shall be made jointly by the Partners in any 
manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention of this 
Agreement.


Section 5.8    Tax Returns.

(a)    The Partnership shall cause to be prepared and timely filed all 
federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns and reports required 
to be filed by the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Partnership shall 
provide copies of all the Partnerships federal, state, local and foreign 
tax returns (and any schedules or other required filings related to such 
returns) that reflect items of income, gain, deduction, loss or credit that 
flow to separate Partner returns, to the Partners for their review and 
comment prior to filing, except as otherwise agreed by the Partners. The 
Partners agree in good faith to resolve any difference in the tax treatment 
of any item affecting such returns and schedules. However, if the Partners 
are unable to resolve the dispute, the position of the Tax Matters Partner 
shall be followed if nationally recognized tax counsel acceptable to the 
Partners provides an opinion that substantial authority exists for such 
position. Substantial authority shall be given the meaning ascribed to it 
for purposes of applying Code Section 6662. If the Partners are unable to 
resolve the dispute prior to the due date for filing the return, including 
approved extensions, the position of the Tax Matters Partner shall be 
followed,
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and amended returns shall be filed if necessary at such time the dispute is 
resolved. The costs of the dispute shall be borne by the Partnership. The 
Partners agree to file their separate federal income tax returns in a 
manner consistent with the Partnerships return, the provisions of this 
Agreement and in accordance with Applicable Law.

(b)    The Partnership shall elect the most rapid method of depreciation 
and amortization allowed under Applicable Law, unless the Partners agree 
otherwise.

(c)    The Partners shall provide each other with copies of all 
correspondence or summaries of other communications with the Internal 
Revenue Service or any state, local or foreign taxing authority (other than 
routine correspondence and communications) regarding the tax treatment of 
the Partnerships operations. No Partner shall enter into settlement 
negotiations with the Internal Revenue Service or any state, local or 
foreign taxing authority with respect to any issue concerning the 
Partnerships income, gains, losses, deductions or credits if the tax 
adjustment attributable to such issue (assuming the then current aggregate 
tax rate) would be $100,000 or greater, without first giving reasonable 
advance notice of such intended action to the other Partners.


Section 5.9    Tax Matters Partner.

(a)    The General Partner shall be the Tax Matters Partner of the 
Partnership within the meaning of Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code, and shall 
act in any similar capacity under the Applicable Law of any state, local or 
foreign jurisdiction, but only with respect to returns for which items of 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit flow to the separate returns of the 
Partners. If at any time there is more than one General Partner, the Tax 
Matters Partner shall be the General Partner with the largest Percentage 
Equity Interest following such admission.

(b)    The Tax Matters Partner shall incur no Liability (except as a result 
of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Tax Matters Partner) 
to the Partnership or the other Partners including, but not limited to, 
Liability for any additional taxes, interest or penalties owed by the other 
Partners due to adjustments of Partnership items of income, gain, loss, 
deduction or credit at the Partnership level.


Section 5.10    Duties of Tax Matters Partner.

(a)    The Tax Matters Partner shall cooperate with the other Partners and 
shall promptly provide the other Partners with copies of notices or other 
materials from, and inform the other Partners of discussions engaged with, 
the Internal Revenue Service or any state, local or foreign taxing 
authority and shall provide the other Partners with notice of all scheduled 
proceedings, including meetings with agents of the Internal Revenue Service 
or any state, local or foreign taxing authority, technical advice 
conferences, appellate hearings, and similar conferences and hearings, as 
soon as possible after receiving notice of the scheduling of such 
proceedings, but in any case prior to the date of such scheduled 
proceedings.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    The Tax Matters Partner shall not extend the period of limitations 
or assessments without the consent of the other Partners, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c)    The Tax Matters Partner shall not file a petition or complaint in 
any court, or file any claim, amended return or request for an 
administrative adjustment with respect to partnership items, after any 
return has been filed, with respect to any issue concerning the 
Partnerships income, gains, losses, deductions or credits if the tax 
adjustment attributable to such issue (assuming the then current aggregate 
tax rate) would be $100,000 or greater, unless agreed by the other 
Partners. If the other Partners do not agree, the position of the Tax 
Matters Partner shall be followed if nationally recognized tax counsel 
acceptable to all Partners issues an opinion that a reasonable basis exists 
for such position. Reasonable basis shall be given the meaning ascribed to 
it for purposes of applying Code Section 6662. The costs of the dispute 
shall be borne by the Partnership.

(d)    The Tax Matters Partner shall not enter into any settlement 
agreement with the Internal Revenue Service or any state, local or foreign 
taxing authority, either before or after any audit of the applicable return 
is completed, with respect to any issue concerning the Partnerships 
income, gains, losses, deductions or credits, unless any of the following 
apply:

(i)    all Partners agree to the settlement;

(ii)    the tax effect of the issue if resolved adversely would be, and the 
tax effect of settling the issue is, proportionately the same for all 
Partners (assuming each otherwise has substantial taxable income);

(iii)    the Tax Matters Partner determines that the settlement of the 
issue is fair to the Partners; or

(iv)    tax counsel acceptable to all Partners determines that the 
settlement is fair to all Partners and is one it would recommend to the 
Partnership if all Partners were owned by the same Person and each had 
substantial taxable income.

In all events, the costs incurred by the Tax Matters Partner in performing 
its duties hereunder shall be borne by the Partnership.

(e)    The Tax Matters Partner may request extensions to file any tax 
return or statement without the written consent of, but shall so inform, 
the other Partners.

Section 5.11    Designation and Authority of Partnership Representative. 
With respect to tax returns filed for taxable years beginning on or after 
December 31, 2017, the General Partner (or its designee) will be designated 
as the partnership representative in accordance with the rules prescribed 
pursuant to Section 6223 of the Code and shall have the sole authority to 
act on behalf of the Partnership in connection with all examinations of the 
Partnerships affairs by tax authorities, including resulting 
administrative and judicial proceedings. If at any time there is more than 
one General Partner, the partnership representative shall be the General 
Partner with
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the largest Percentage Equity Interest following such admission (or its 
designee). The General Partner (or its designee) shall exercise, in its 
sole discretion, any and all authority of the partnership representative 
under the Code, including, without limitation, (i) binding the Partnership 
and its Partners with respect to tax matters and (ii) determining whether 
to make any available election under Section 6226 of the Code. In all 
events, the cost incurred by the partnership representative in performing 
its duties hereunder shall be borne by the Partnership. In accordance with 
Section 13.6, the General Partner shall propose and the Partners shall 
agree to (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld) any amendment of 
the provisions of this Agreement required to appropriately reflect the 
proposal or promulgation of Treasury Regulations implementing the 
partnership audit, assessment and collection rules adopted by the 
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, including any amendments to those rules.

Section 5.12    Survival of Provisions. The provisions of this Agreement 
regarding the Partnerships tax returns and Tax Matters Partner shall 
survive the termination of the Partnership and the transfer of any 
Partners interest in the Partnership and shall remain in effect for the 
period of time necessary to resolve any and all matters regarding the 
federal, state, local and foreign taxation of the Partnership and items of 
Partnership income, gain, loss, deduction and credit.


ARTICLE VI
DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 6.1    Distributions of Distributable Cash. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Section 6.1 or Sections 6.2 and 6.3, the Partnership shall 
distribute the Distributable Cash with respect to a Quarter within 45 days 
following the end of each Quarter commencing with the Quarter that includes 
the Effective Date as follows:

(a)    First, to the Partners in proportion to, and to the extent of, an 
amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the cumulative amount of the 
Excess Capital Priority Return, if any, accrued during the period from and 
including the Effective Date to but excluding the last day of such Quarter, 
over (ii) the cumulative amount of Distributable Cash previously 
distributed to such Partner pursuant to this Section 6.1(a); and

(b)    Second, to the Partners pro rata in accordance with their respective 
Percentage Equity Interests.

The General Partner may also cause the Partnership to distribute cash to 
the Partners at such other times and in such amounts as it determines in 
its sole discretion so long as (i) the amount distributed does not exceed 
the then Distributable Cash of the Partnership determined as if the date of 
such distribution were the end of a Quarter and (ii) such cash is 
distributed in accordance with Section 6.1(b). Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, the Partnership shall not make a distribution 
or redemption payment to the Partners on account of their interests in the 
Partnership if such distribution or redemption payment would violate the 
Act or other Applicable Law.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6.2    Distributions of Excess Capital. The Partnership may make 
distributions of cash at such times and in such amounts as are determined 
by the General Partner to the Partners in proportion to, and to the extent 
of, the then Excess Capital of the Partners, provided that the Partnership 
shall not make a distribution to the Partners pursuant to this Section 6.2 
if such distribution would violate (i) the Act or other Applicable Law or 
(ii) any loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, debt instrument or 
other agreement or obligation to which the Partnership or any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound or any of their 
respective assets are subject.

Section 6.3    Liquidating Distributions. Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Article VI, but subject to the last sentence of Section 
6.1, distributions with respect to the Quarter in which a dissolution of 
the Partnership occurs shall be made in accordance with Article XII.

Section 6.4    Distribution in Kind. The Partnership shall not distribute 
to the Partners any assets in kind unless approved by the Partners in 
accordance with this Agreement. If cash and property in kind are to be 
distributed simultaneously, the Partnership shall distribute such cash and 
property in kind in the same proportion to each Partner, unless otherwise 
approved by the Partners in accordance with this Agreement.


ARTICLE VII
BOOKS AND RECORDS

Section 7.1    Books and Records; Examination. The General Partner shall 
keep or cause to be kept such books of account and records with respect to 
the Partnerships business as it may deem necessary and appropriate. Each 
Partner and its duly authorized representatives shall have the right, for 
any purpose reasonably related to its interest in the Partnership, at any 
time to examine, or to appoint independent certified public accountants 
(the fees of which shall be paid by such Partner) to examine, the books, 
records and accounts of the Partnership and its Subsidiaries, their 
operations and all other matters that such Partner may wish to examine, 
including all documentation relating to actual or proposed transactions 
between the Partnership and any Partner or any Affiliate of a Partner. The 
Partnerships books of account shall be kept using the method of accounting 
determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion.

Section 7.2    Reports. The General Partner shall prepare and send to each 
Partner (at the same time) promptly such financial information of the 
Partnership as a Partner shall from time to time reasonably request, for 
any purpose reasonably related to its interest in the Partnership. The 
General Partner shall, for any purpose reasonably related to a Partners 
interest in the Partnership, permit examination and audit of the 
Partnerships books and records by both the internal and independent 
auditors of its Partners.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VIII
MANAGEMENT AND VOTING

Section 8.1    Management.

(a)    The General Partner shall conduct, direct, manage and control the 
business of the Partnership. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Agreement, including Section 8.1(b) below, all management powers over the 
business and affairs of the Partnership shall be exclusively vested in the 
General Partner, and no Limited Partner shall have any management power or 
control over the business and affairs of the Partnership. In addition to 
the powers now or hereafter granted a general partner of a limited 
partnership under the Act or which are granted to the General Partner under 
any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner, subject to 
Section 8.2, shall have full power and authority to do all things on such 
terms as it, in its sole discretion, may deem necessary or appropriate to 
conduct the business of the Partnership and to effectuate the purposes set 
forth in Section 2.4. The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner, 
on a monthly basis or such other basis as the General Partner may 
determine, for all direct and indirect costs and expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or payments made by the General Partner, in its capacity as 
the general partner of the Partnership, for and on behalf of the 
Partnership.

(b)    The General Partner may appoint one or more individuals to manage 
the day-to-day business affairs of the Partnership (the Officers). The 
Officers shall serve at the pleasure of the General Partner. To the extent 
delegated by the General Partner, the Officers shall have the authority to 
act on behalf of, bind and execute and deliver documents in the name and on 
behalf of the Partnership. Unless otherwise specified by the General 
Partner, such Officers shall have such authority and responsibility in 
respect of the Partnership as is generally attributable to holders of such 
offices in business corporations incorporated under the laws of the State 
of Delaware. In addition, the General Partner may designate such other 
Persons to act as agents of the Partnership as the General Partner shall 
determine, and the actions of such other Persons taken in such capacity and 
in accordance with this Agreement shall bind the Partnership to the same 
extent the General Partner is authorized to bind the Partnership.

Section 8.2    Matters Constituting Unanimous Approval Matters. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Act to the contrary, and 
subject to the provisions of Section 8.3(c), each of the following matters, 
and only the following matters, shall constitute a Unanimous Approval 
Matter that requires the prior approval of all of the Partners pursuant to 
Section 8.3(c):

(a)    any merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar transaction 
between or among the Partnership and any Person (other than a transaction 
between the Partnership and a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of 
the Partnership) or any sale or lease of all or substantially all of the 
Partnerships assets to any Person (other than a direct or indirect wholly 
owned Subsidiary of the Partnership);
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    the creation of any new class of Partnership Interests or Voting 
Interests, the issuance of any additional Partnership Interests or Voting 
Interests or the issuance of any security that is convertible into or 
exchangeable for a Partnership Interest or Voting Interest;

(c)    the admission or withdrawal of any Person as a Partner other than 
pursuant to (i) the third sentence of Section 9.2, (ii) Section 9.4 or 
(iii) any transfer of Partnership Interests pursuant to Section 9.1(b), as 
applicable;

(d)    the commencement of a voluntary case with respect to the Partnership 
or any of its Subsidiaries under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or 
other similar Applicable Law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent to 
the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such 
Applicable Law, or the consent to the appointment of or the taking 
possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or 
sequestrator (or similar official) of the Partnership or any of its 
Subsidiaries or for any substantial part of the Partnerships or any of its 
Subsidiaries property, or the making of any general assignment for the 
benefit of creditors;

(e)    the modification, alteration or amendment of the amount, timing, 
frequency or method of calculation of distributions to the Partners from 
that provided in Article VI;

(f)    (i) the approval of any distribution by the Partnership to the 
Partners of any assets in kind (other than cash or cash equivalents), (ii) 
the approval of any distribution by the Partnership to the Partners of cash 
or property in kind on a non-pro rata basis and (iii) the determination of 
the value assigned to distributions of property in kind;

(g)    other than as provided in Section 4.2, the making of any additional 
Capital Contributions to the Partnership; and

(h)    any other provision of this Agreement expressly requiring the 
approval, consent or other form of authorization of all of the Partners.


Section 8.3    Meetings and Voting.

(a)    Representatives. For purposes of this Article VIII, each Partner 
shall be represented by a designated representative (each, a 
Representative), who shall be appointed by, and may be removed with or 
without cause by, the Partner that designated such Person. Each 
Representative shall have the full authority to act on behalf of the 
Partner that designated such Representative. To the fullest extent 
permitted by Applicable Law, each Representative shall be deemed the agent 
of the Partner that appointed such Representative, and such Representative 
shall not be an agent of the Partnership or the other Partners. The action 
of a Representative at a meeting of the Partners (or through a written 
consent) shall bind the Partner that designated such Representative, and 
the other Partners shall be entitled to rely upon such action without 
further inquiry or investigation as to the actual authority (or lack 
thereof) of such Representative.

(b)    Meetings and Voting. Meetings of Partners shall be at such times and 
locations as the General Partner shall determine in its sole discretion. 
The General Partner shall provide
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
notice to the Limited Partners of any meetings of Partners in any manner 
that it deems reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances. The 
holders of a majority of the outstanding Voting Interests for which a 
meeting has been called (including Voting Interests owned by the General 
Partner) represented in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at a 
meeting of Partners unless any such action by the Partners requires 
approval by holders of a greater percentage of the outstanding Voting 
Interests, in which case the quorum shall be such greater percentage of the 
outstanding Voting Interests. At any meeting of the Partners duly called 
and held in accordance with this Agreement at which a quorum is present, 
the act of Partners holding Voting Interests that, in the aggregate, 
represent a majority of the Voting Interests of those present in person or 
by proxy at such meeting shall be deemed to constitute the act of all 
Partners, unless a greater or different percentage is required with respect 
to such action under the provisions of this Agreement, in which case the 
act of the Partners holding Voting Interests that in the aggregate 
represent at least such greater or different percentage shall be required; 
provided, however, that if, as a matter of Applicable Law or amendment to 
this Agreement, approval by plurality vote of Partners is required to 
approve any action, no minimum quorum shall be required. The Partners 
present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may 
continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the 
withdrawal of enough Partners to leave less than a quorum, if any action 
taken (other than adjournment) is approved by Partners holding the required 
Voting Interests specified in this Agreement. In the absence of a quorum, 
any meeting of Partners may be adjourned from time to time by the 
affirmative vote of Partners with at least a majority of the Voting 
Interests entitled to vote at such meeting (including Voting Interests 
owned by the General Partner) represented either in person or by proxy, but 
no other business may be transacted.

(c)    Unanimous Approval Matters. All Unanimous Approval Matters shall be 
approved by the unanimous affirmative vote or written consent of all of the 
Partners. Each Partner acknowledges and agrees that all references in this 
Agreement to any approval, consent or other form of authorization by all 
Partners, each of the Partners or similar phrases shall be deemed to 
mean that such approval, consent or other form of authorization shall 
constitute a Unanimous Approval Matter that requires the unanimous approval 
of all of the Partners in accordance with this Section 8.3(c).

(d)    Action Without a Meeting. Any action that may be taken at a meeting 
of the Partners may be taken without a meeting if an approval in writing 
setting forth the action so taken is signed by the Partners owning, in the 
aggregate, not less than the minimum Percentage Voting Interest that would 
be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all of 
the Partners were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of action 
without a meeting shall be given to the Partners who have not approved such 
action in writing.

Section 8.4    Reliance by Third Parties. Persons dealing with the 
Partnership are entitled to rely conclusively upon the power and authority 
of the General Partner set forth in this Agreement. Neither a Limited 
Partner nor its Representative shall have the authority to bind the 
Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IX
TRANSFERS OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS AND VOTING INTERESTS

Section 9.1    Restrictions on Transfers.

(a)    General. Except as expressly provided by this Article IX, no Partner 
shall transfer all or any part of its Partnership Interests or Voting 
Interests to any Person without first obtaining the written approval of 
each of the other Partners, which approval may be granted or withheld in 
their sole discretion; provided, however, that any Partner may transfer any 
of its Partnership Interests and/or Voting Interests to an Affiliate of 
such Partner without first obtaining the written approval of each of the 
other Partners. To the extent that a Partner transfers any of its 
Partnership Interests to a Person pursuant to this Section 9.1(a), a 
proportionate percentage of such Partners Voting Interests (based on such 
Partners then-current Percentage Voting Interests relative to its 
then-current Percentage Equity Interests) shall be deemed to have been 
automatically transferred to such Person concurrently therewith. Exhibit A 
shall be amended without further action by the Partners to reflect any 
change in the Partnership Interests or Voting Interests of the Partners 
made pursuant to this Section 9.1(a).

(b)    Transfer by Operation of Law. Notwithstanding anything in Section 
9.1(a) to the contrary, in the event a Partner shall be party to a merger, 
consolidation or similar business combination transaction with another 
Person or sell all or substantially all its assets to another Person, such 
Partner may transfer all or part of its Partnership Interests and Voting 
Interests to such other Person without the approval of any other Partner.

(c)    Re-Designation as General Partner Interest. To the extent that a 
Limited Partner transfers any of its Limited Partner Interest to the 
General Partner, such Limited Partner Interest shall, automatically and 
without further action by any Person, be re-designated as a General Partner 
Interest as of the effective date of such transfer.

(d)    Consequences of an Unpermitted Transfer. Any transfer of a Partners 
Partnership Interests or Voting Interests in violation of the applicable 
provisions of this Agreement shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
be null and void ab initio.

Section 9.2    Conditions for Admission. No transferee of all or a portion 
of the Partnership Interests of any Partner shall be admitted as a Partner 
hereunder unless such Partnership Interests are transferred in compliance 
with the applicable provisions of this Agreement. Each such transferee 
shall have executed and delivered to the Partnership such instruments as 
the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion 
to effectuate the admission of such transferee as a Partner and to confirm 
the agreement of such transferee to be bound by all the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement. The admission of a transferee shall be 
effective immediately prior to such transfer and, immediately following 
such admission, the transferor shall cease to be a Partner (to the extent 
it transferred its entire Partnership Interest). If the General Partner 
transfers its entire General Partner Interest in the Partnership, the 
transferee General Partner, to the extent admitted as a substitute General 
Partner, is hereby authorized to, and shall, continue the Partnership 
without dissolution.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.3    Allocations and Distributions. Subject to applicable 
Regulations, upon the transfer of all the Partnership Interests of a 
Partner as herein provided, the Profit or Loss of the Partnership 
attributable to the Partnership Interests so transferred for the Fiscal 
Year in which such transfer occurs shall be allocated between the 
transferor and transferee as of the effective date of the assignment, and 
such allocation shall be based upon any permissible method agreed to by the 
Partners that is provided for in Code Section 706 and the Regulations 
issued thereunder.

Section 9.4    Restriction on Resignation or Withdrawal. Except in 
connection with a transfer permitted pursuant to Section 9.1 or as 
contemplated by Section 12.1, no Partner shall withdraw from the 
Partnership without the consent of each of the other Partners. To the 
extent permitted by law, any purported withdrawal from the Partnership in 
violation of this Section 9.4 shall be null and void ab initio.


ARTICLE X
LIABILITY, EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION

Section 10.1    Liability for Partnership Obligations. Except as otherwise 
required by the Act, the Liabilities of the Partnership shall be solely the 
Liabilities of the Partnership, and no Covered Person (other than the 
General Partner) shall be obligated personally for any such Liability of 
the Partnership solely by reason of being a Covered Person.


Section 10.2    Disclaimer of Duties and Exculpation.

(a)    Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, no Covered Person shall have any duty 
(fiduciary or otherwise) or obligation to the Partnership, the Partners or 
to any other Person bound by this Agreement, and in taking, or refraining 
from taking, any action required or permitted under this Agreement or under 
Applicable Law, each Covered Person shall be entitled to consider only such 
interests and factors as such Covered Person deems advisable, including its 
own interests, and need not consider any interest of or factors affecting, 
any other Covered Person or the Partnership notwithstanding any duty 
otherwise existing at law or in equity. To the extent that a Covered Person 
is required or permitted under this Agreement to act in good faith or 
under another express standard, such Covered Person shall act under such 
express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different 
standard under this Agreement or otherwise existing under Applicable Law or 
in equity.

(b)    The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict 
or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and Liabilities of a 
Covered Person otherwise existing under Applicable Law or in equity, are 
agreed by the Partners to replace such other duties and Liabilities of such 
Covered Person in their entirety, and no Covered Person shall be liable to 
the Partnership, the Partners or any other Person bound by this Agreement 
for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement.

(c)    To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Covered Person shall be 
liable to the Partnership, the Partners or any other Person bound by this 
Agreement for any cost, expense,
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
loss, damage, claim or Liability incurred by reason of any act or omission 
performed or omitted by such Covered Person in such capacity, whether or 
not such Person continues to be a Covered Person at the time of such cost, 
expense, loss, damage, claim or Liability is incurred or imposed, if the 
Covered Person acted in good faith reliance on the provisions of this 
Agreement, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such 
Covered Person had no reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful.

(d)    A Covered Person shall be fully protected from liability to the 
Partnership, the Partners and any other Person bound by this Agreement in 
acting or refraining from acting in good faith reliance upon the records of 
the Partnership and such other information, opinions, reports or statements 
presented to the Partnership by any Person as to any matters the Covered 
Person reasonably believes are within such other Persons professional or 
expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on 
behalf of the Partnership, including information, opinions, reports or 
statements as to the value and amount of the assets, Liabilities, Profits 
and Losses of the Partnership.


Section 10.3    Indemnification.

(a)    To the fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the 
limitations expressly provided in this Agreement, all Covered Persons shall 
be indemnified and held harmless by the Partnership from and against any 
and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses 
(including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, 
settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending 
or completed claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal 
and including appeals, in which any Covered Person may be involved, or is 
threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status 
as a Covered Person and acting (or refraining to act) in such capacity on 
behalf of or for the benefit of the Partnership; provided, that the Covered 
Person shall not be indemnified and held harmless pursuant to this 
Agreement if there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the 
matter for which the Covered Person is seeking indemnification pursuant to 
this Agreement, the Covered Person acted in bad faith or engaged in 
intentional fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, 
acted with knowledge that the Covered Persons conduct was unlawful. Any 
indemnification pursuant to this Section 10.3 shall be made only out of the 
assets of the Partnership, it being agreed that the General Partner shall 
not be personally liable for such indemnification and shall have no 
obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership 
to enable it to effectuate such indemnification.

(b)    To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including legal 
fees and expenses) incurred by a Covered Person who is indemnified pursuant 
to Section 10.3(a) in defending any claim, demand, action, suit or 
proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Partnership prior 
to a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the 
Covered Person is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Section 10.3, 
the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified upon receipt by the 
Partnership of any undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to 
repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that the Covered 
Person is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by this Section 10.3
.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    The indemnification provided by this Section 10.3 shall be in 
addition to any other rights to which a Covered Person may be entitled 
under any agreement, as a matter of law, in equity or otherwise, both as to 
actions in the Covered Persons capacity as a Covered Person and as to 
actions in any other capacity, and shall continue as to a Covered Person 
who has ceased to serve in such capacity and shall inure to the benefit of 
the heirs, successors, assigns and administrators of the Covered Person.


ARTICLE XI
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Section 11.1    Transactions with Affiliates. The Partnership and its 
Subsidiaries shall be permitted to enter into or renew or extend the term 
of any agreement or transaction with a Partner or an Affiliate of a Partner 
on such terms and conditions as the General Partner shall approve in its 
sole discretion, without the approval of any Limited Partner.

Section 11.2    Outside Activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any duty 
otherwise existing at law or in equity, (a) the engaging in activities by 
any Covered Person that are competitive with the business of the 
Partnership is hereby approved by all Partners, (b) it shall be deemed not 
to be a breach of any fiduciary duty or any other duty or obligation of a 
Partner under this Agreement or otherwise existing under Applicable Law or 
in equity for such Covered Person to engage in such activities in 
preference to or to the exclusion of the Partnership, (c) a Covered Person 
shall have no obligation under this Agreement or as a result of any duty 
(including any fiduciary duty) otherwise existing under Applicable Law or 
in equity, to present business opportunities to the Partnership and (d) the 
doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not 
apply to any Covered Person, provided such Covered Person does not engage 
in such activity as a result of or using confidential or proprietary 
information provided by or on behalf of the Partnership to such Covered 
Person.


ARTICLE XII
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION

Section 12.1    Dissolution. The Partnership shall be dissolved and its 
business and affairs wound up upon the earliest to occur of any one of the 
following events:

(a)    at any time there are no Limited Partners of the Partnership, unless 
the business of the Partnership is continued in accordance with the Act;

(b)    the written consent of all the Partners;

(c)    an event of withdrawal (as defined in the Act) of the General 
Partner; or
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)    the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Partnership 
pursuant to Section 17-802 of the Act.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership shall not be dissolved and 
its business and affairs shall not be wound up upon the occurrence of any 
event specified in clause (c) above if, at the time of occurrence of such 
event, there is at least one remaining General Partner (who is hereby 
authorized to, and shall, carry on the business of the Partnership) and at 
least one Limited Partner, or if within ninety (90) days after the date on 
which such event occurs, the remaining Partners elect in writing to 
continue the business of the Partnership and to the appointment, effective 
as of the date of such event, if required, of one or more additional 
General Partners of the Partnership. Except as provided in this paragraph, 
and to the fullest extent permitted by the Act, the occurrence of an event 
that causes a Partner to cease to be a Partner of the Partnership shall 
not, in and of itself, cause the Partnership to be dissolved or its 
business or affairs to be wound up, and upon the occurrence of such an 
event, the business of the Partnership shall, to the extent permitted by 
the Act, continue without dissolution.

Section 12.2    Winding Up of Partnership. Upon dissolution, the 
Partnerships business shall be wound up in an orderly manner. The General 
Partner shall (unless the General Partner (or, if no General Partner, the 
remaining Limited Partners) elects to appoint a liquidating trustee) wind 
up the affairs of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement. In winding up 
the Partnership, the General Partner or liquidating trustee is authorized 
to sell, distribute, exchange or otherwise dispose of the assets of the 
Partnership in accordance with the Act and in any reasonable manner that 
the General Partner or liquidating trustee shall determine to be in the 
best interest of the Partners or their successors-in-interest. The General 
Partner or liquidating trustee shall take full account of the Partnerships 
Liabilities and Property and shall cause the Property or the proceeds from 
the sale thereof, to the extent sufficient therefor, to be applied and 
distributed, to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, in the 
following order:

(a)    First, to creditors, including Partners who are creditors, to the 
extent permitted by law, in satisfaction of all of the Partnerships 
Liabilities (whether by payment or the making of reasonable provision for 
payment thereof to the extent required by Section 17-804 of the Act), other 
than Liabilities for distribution to Partners under Section 17-601 or 
17-604 of the Act;

(b)    Second, to the Partners and former Partners of the Partnership in 
satisfaction of Liabilities for distributions under Sections 17-601 or 
17-604 of the Act; and

(c)    The balance, if any, to the Partners in accordance with the positive 
balance in their respective Capital Accounts, after giving effect to all 
contributions, distributions and allocations for all periods.

Section 12.3    Compliance with Certain Requirements of Regulations; 
Deficit Capital Accounts. In the event the Partnership is liquidated 
within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), 
distributions shall be made pursuant to this Article XII to the Partners 
who have positive Capital Accounts in compliance with Regulations Section 
1.704- 1(b)(2)(ii)(b)(2). If any Partner has a deficit balance in its 
Capital Account (after giving effect to all contributions,
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
distributions and allocations for all Allocation Years, including the 
Allocation Year during which such liquidation occurs), such Partner shall 
have no obligation to make any contribution to the capital of the 
Partnership with respect to such deficit, and such deficit shall not be 
considered a debt owed to the Partnership or to any other Person for any 
purpose whatsoever.

Section 12.4    Deemed Distribution and Recontribution. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Article XII, in the event the Partnership is 
liquidated within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) 
but no actual dissolution and winding up under the Act has occurred, the 
Property shall not be liquidated, the Partnerships debts and other 
Liabilities shall not be paid or discharged, and the Partnerships affairs 
shall not be wound up. Instead, solely for federal income tax purposes, the 
Partnership shall be deemed to have contributed all its Property and 
Liabilities to a new limited partnership in exchange for an interest in 
such new limited partnership and, immediately thereafter, the Partnership 
will be deemed to liquidate by distributing interests in the new limited 
partnership to the Partners.

Section 12.5    Distribution of Property. In the event the General Partner 
determines that it is necessary in connection with the winding up of the 
Partnership to make a distribution of property in kind, such property shall 
be transferred and conveyed to the Partners so as to vest in each of them 
as a tenant in common an undivided interest in the whole of such property, 
but otherwise in accordance with Section 12.3.

Section 12.6    Termination of Partnership. The Partnership shall terminate 
when all assets of the Partnership, after payment of or due provision for 
all Liabilities of the Partnership, shall have been distributed to the 
Partners in the manner provided for in this Agreement, and the Certificate 
shall have been canceled in the manner provided by the Act.


ARTICLE XIII
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.1    Notices. Any notice, consent or approval to be given under 
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given 
if delivered: (a) personally by a reputable courier service that requires a 
signature upon delivery; (b) by mailing the same via registered or 
certified first-class mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or 
(c) by telecopying or transmitting by electronic mail the same with receipt 
confirmation to the intended recipient. Any such writing will be deemed to 
have been given: (i) as of the date of personal delivery via courier as 
described above; (ii) as of the third calendar day after depositing the 
same into the custody of the postal service as evidenced by the 
date-stamped receipt issued upon deposit of the same into the mails as 
described above; and (iii) as of the date and time electronically 
transmitted in the case of telecopy or electronic mail delivery as 
described above, in each case addressed to the intended party at the 
address set forth on Exhibit A. Any Partner may designate different 
addresses or telephone numbers by notice to the other Partners.

Section 13.2    Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement among the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining thereto.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 13.3    Assignment. To the fullest extent permitted by law, a 
Partner shall not assign all or any of its rights, obligations or benefits 
under this Agreement to any other Person otherwise than (a) in connection 
with a transfer of its Partnership Interests and Voting Interests pursuant 
to Article IX or (ii) with the prior written consent of each of the other 
Partners, which consent may be withheld in such Partners sole discretion, 
and any attempted assignment not in compliance with Article IX or this 
Section 13.3 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be null and 
void ab initio.

Section 13.4    Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.

Section 13.5    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, all of which together shall constitute an agreement binding 
on all the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not 
signatories to the original or the same counterpart.

Section 13.6    Amendment; Waiver. Subject to Section 2.2, this Agreement 
may not be amended except in a written instrument signed by each of the 
Partners and expressly stating it is an amendment to this Agreement. Any 
failure or delay on the part of any Partner in exercising any power or 
right hereunder shall not operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single 
or partial exercise of any such right or power preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power 
hereunder or otherwise available under Applicable Law or in equity.

Section 13.7    Severability. If any term, provision, covenant, or 
restriction in this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or 
circumstance, at any time or to any extent, is held by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority to be invalid, void or 
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and 
restrictions of this Agreement (or the application of such provision in 
other jurisdictions or to Persons or circumstances other than those to 
which it was held invalid or unenforceable) shall in no way be affected, 
impaired or invalidated, and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any 
such term, provision, covenant or restriction shall be restricted in 
applicability or reformed to the minimum extent required for such to be 
enforceable. This provision shall be interpreted and enforced to give 
effect to the original written intent of the Partners prior to the 
determination of such invalidity or unenforceability.

Section 13.8    Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT 
GIVING EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. ANY RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OR PROCEEDING RELATED TO OR ARISING 
OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY TRANSACTION OR CONDUCT IN CONNECTION 
HEREWITH, IS HEREBY WAIVED BY EACH OF THE PARTNERS.

Section 13.9    No Bill for Accounting. To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, in no event shall any Partner have any right to file a bill for an 
accounting or any similar proceeding.
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 13.10    Waiver of Partition. Each Partner hereby waives any right 
to partition of the Partnership property.

Section 13.11    Third Parties. Nothing herein expressed or implied is 
intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give any Person (other 
than Covered Persons) other than the Partners and their respective 
successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns any rights, 
remedies or basis for reliance upon, under or by reason of this Agreement.

[Signature page follows.]
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed this Agreement as of the 
Effective Date.
 
GENERAL PARTNER:
Hess North Dakota Export Logistics GP LLC
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
LIMITED PARTNER:
Hess Infrastructure Partners LP
By: Hess Infrastructure Partners GP, LLC, its general partner
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Hess North Dakota Export Logistics Operations LP

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A
 
Partner
   	Percentage
Equity Interest 	  	Type of
Partnership Interest 	   	Percentage
Voting Interest
 Hess North Dakota Export Logistics GP LLC
 
 1501 McKinney Street
 Houston, Texas 77010
 
 Attention:
 Email:
   	20.0% 	  	General Partner Interest 	   	51%
 Hess Infrastructure Partners LP
 
 c/o Hess Corporation
 1185 Avenue of the Americas
 New York, New York 10036
 
 Attention:
 Email:
   	80.0% 	  	Limited Partner Interest 	   	49%