 EX-10.18 32 d201422dex1018.htm EX-10.18
Exhibit 10.18

FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY

AGREEMENT FOR
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, INNOVATION,
AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE

This AGREEMENT FOR MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, INNOVATION, 
AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE (Agreement) is effective as of May 1, 2015 
(Effective Date) and is between FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 
(FSMC), a not-for-profit corporation existing under the laws of the State 
of New York having an office located at 257 Fuller Road, Albany, New York 
12203, and KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (KINEX), a Delaware corporation 
with its principal office located at 701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, New York 
14203. FSMC and KINEX are sometimes each referred to in this Agreement 
individually as a Party and collectively as Parties.
 
I. 	BACKGROUND
 
I.1. 	New York State (NYS) under the leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo 
has led the U.S. in multi-billion dollar strategic investments in high 
technology programs that cover the entire spectrum of nanoelectronics, 
clean energy, information technology, medical, and smart cities industry 
needs, from long-term innovative research and development, to workforce 
development and education, to product demonstration and test-bedding, to 
product prototyping and supporting the transition to scale-up 
manufacturing and commercialization.
 
I.2. 	NYSs comprehensive job creation and economic growth agenda for NYS 
provides strategic investments for job creation and workforce development 
in emerging high-tech industries across NYS and fosters critical 
partnerships between NYS government, the private sector and NYSs 
top-flight universities and research institutions. This agenda is embodied 
by the commitment of NYS to, and the growth of, the State University of New 
York Polytechnic Institute (SUNY POLY) and facilities throughout NYS that 
support SUNY POLYs collaborations with SUNY POLYs public and private 
university and industry partners, including the Albany Nanotech Complex in 
Albany, the Smart Systems Technology Commercialization Center in 
Canandaigua, the Computer Chip Commercialization Center in Utica, the 
Buffalo Medical Innovation and Commercialization Hub, and the Buffalo 
High-Tech Manufacturing Innovation Hub at Riverbend.
 
I.3. 	KINEX is a leading international pharmaceutical company that 
originated in and is currently headquartered in Buffalo, NY with a 
leadership team consisting of Fortune 500 veterans. KINEX currently 
licenses or holds or has pending 194 patents across 66 countries with a 
pipeline of drug candidates with unique mechanisms that address unmet 
medical needs with large market potential with a focus on high potency 
oncological therapeutics.
 
I.4. 	SUNY POLY is a critical enabling component in maintaining and 
bolstering NYSs position as a leader in nanoelectronics, medical and clean 
energy technology, and the Parties recognize the mutual benefit that can be 
attained by: (i) KINEX collaborating with SUNY POLY to bring to NYS new 
research, development, education, and business investments from the various 
sectors of the medical industry; (ii) fostering critical partnerships among 
the Parties and the public and private sectors; (iii) transitioning 
emerging technologies critical for medical and economic competitiveness; 
and (iv) commercializing emerging medical and other pharmaceutical products 
in commercial and consumer applications.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
I.5. 	SUNY POLY recognizes KINEX as a valuable potential collaborator and 
partner in the development of future generations of medical and 
pharmaceutical technologies.
 
I.6 	The Parties desire to make joint investments in the State of New York 
that focus on (i) research, medical technology innovation and manufacturing 
expansion and commercialization of KINEXs innovative new platform to 
manufacture several classes of specialized products including 
pharmaceutical based oral and sterile injectable oncological therapeutic 
products; (ii) establishment of a state-of-the-art ISO Class 5 high potency 
oral and sterile injectable pharmaceutical manufacturing facility in or 
near Olean, New York; and (iii) establishment of a medical technology 
research and innovation lab co-located with KINEX North American 
Headquarters in Buffalo, New York.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
 
II. 	DEFINED TERMS

In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following 
terms have the described meanings listed below.
 
2.1 	Affiliate

Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, another entity, but only during the period that such 
control exists. For purposes of this Agreement, FSMCs Affiliates shall be 
deemed to include, The Research Foundation for the State University of New 
York (FOUNDATION), Fuller Road Management Corporation (FRMC), SUNY and 
SUNY POLY.
 
2.2 	Change of Control

Change of Control means one transaction or a series of transactions that 
result in a third party obtaining, directly or indirectly, (a) all or a 
majority of the assets of or (b) Control of, a Party. Change of Control 
shall not include the sale of capital stock in one or more financing 
transactions.
 
2.3 	Control

Control means the power to direct the affairs of any individual, 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, business association, 
governmental entity or other entity by reason of ownership of voting stock, 
by asset acquisition, by contract or otherwise.
 
2.4 	North American Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center

Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center means, collectively, the 
approximately 51,000 square foot facility, including 14,000 square feet for 
a formulation testing lab and pilot plan, 2,000 square feet for a chemistry 
lab for a biological and analytical testing lab, 24,000 square feet for 
office and training space, 3,000 square feet for mechanicals, and related 
infrastructure
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
to be located on the 6th floor of the Conventus Building located at 1001 
Main Street in Buffalo, New York. After the Parties sign this Agreement, 
the Parties will mutually agree on specifications for the design and 
construction of the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center to be set 
forth in Exhibit C by amending this Agreement and on terms for the lease of 
the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center by KINEX from FSMC in a 
separate written lease agreement between KINEX and FSMC consistent with the 
terms of this Agreement.
 
2.5 	Knowledge

Knowledge means the actual knowledge of the officers and directors of 
KINEX.
 
2.6 	Laboratory Equipment

Laboratory Equipment means the equipment listed in Exhibit D of this 
Agreement, which includes laboratory equipment that is necessary to 
accommodate all of KINEXs expected U.S. pharmaceutical innovation 
formulation and feasibility output of innovative pharmaceutical products. 
After the Parties sign this Agreement, the Parties will mutually agree on 
the list of Laboratory Equipment to be set forth in Exhibit D by amending 
this Agreement.
 
2.7 	Manufacturing Equipment

Manufacturing Equipment means the equipment listed in Exhibit B of this 
Agreement, which includes manufacturing tools that are necessary to perform 
the Manufacturing Operations. After the Parties sign this Agreement, the 
Parties will mutually agree on the list of Manufacturing Equipment to be 
set forth in Exhibit B by amending this Agreement.
 
2.8 	Manufacturing Facility

Manufacturing Facility means the approximately 315,000 square foot 
state-of-the-art ISO Class 5 high potency oral and sterile injectable 
pharmaceutical manufacturing facility and related infrastructure to be 
located at a site in or near Olean, New York. After the Parties sign this 
Agreement, the Parties will mutually agree on specifications for the design 
and construction of the Manufacturing Facility to be set forth in Exhibit A 
by amending this Agreement and on terms for the operation and maintenance 
of the Manufacturing Facility in a separate written lease agreement between 
KINEX and FSMC.
 
2.9 	Manufacturing Operations

Manufacturing Operations means the KINEX and/or its Affiliates activities 
in connection with the manufacture of high potency oral and sterile 
injectable pharmaceutical products and/or any other products and all other 
activities related thereto.
 
2.10 	SUNY POLY Facilities

SUNY POLY Facilities means, collectively, the Manufacturing Facility, the 
Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and all other FSMC, FSMC 
Affiliate, and SUNY POLY facilities used in the Program (as defined in 
Exhibit E).
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
2.11 	SUNY POLY Tools

SUNY POLY Tools means, collectively, the Manufacturing Equipment, 
Laboratory Equipment, and all other FSMC and SUNY POLY tools and equipment 
used by a Party in the Program.
 
III. 	OBJECTIVES
 
3.1 	Research and Development and Economic Development

The Parties are entering into this Agreement to establish a mutually 
beneficial collaboration focused on this U.S. based research, manufacturing 
expansion and commercialization of KINEXs innovative new platform to 
manufacture pharmaceuticals including but not limited to oral and sterile 
injectable oncological therapeutic products and the research and 
development and workforce training necessary to achieve KINEXs next 
generation pharmaceutical products.
 
3.2 	Program Essential Purposes

For purposes of this Agreement, the Essential Purposes of the Program 
shall be as follows:
 
  	(a) 	Focus on the U.S. based research, medical technology innovation and 
manufacturing expansion and commercialization of KINEXs innovative new 
platform to manufacture several classes of specialized products including 
pharmaceutical based oral and sterile injectable oncological therapeutic 
products;
 
  	(b) 	Identify, prepare, design, construct and provide for the purpose of 
this Agreement the Manufacturing Facility in or near Olean, New York;
 
  	(c) 	Identify, prepare, design, construct and provide for the purpose of 
this Agreement the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center;
 
  	(d) 	Develop a joint development program for FOUNDATION on behalf of 
SUNY POLY to support KINEX with existing complementary capabilities at the 
SUNY POLY Albany NanoTech Complex and any other SUNY POLY facility and may 
include the expansion of capabilities, if necessary and upon the award of 
NYS capital funds, to establish the full continuum of support for KINEXs 
manufacturing and commercialization operations; and
 
  	(e) 	Expand and enhance the ever growing high tech cluster that has been 
developed in NYS and centered in Albany at SUNY POLY.
 
IV. 	KINEX PROGRAM CONTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS
 
4.1 	Manufacturing Operations
 
  	(a) 	
Following the Manufacturing Facility Completion, KINEX shall establish its 
Manufacturing Operation in or near Olean, New York at the Manufacturing 
Facility and shall jointly
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
  	 commission, with FOUNDATION, the Manufacturing Operation as soon as 
possible, with a target date of December 1, 2017 (Target Commission 
Date). Following the Manufacturing Facility Completion, KINEX, at its 
expense, shall be responsible for operating and managing all aspects of the 
Manufacturing Operations at the Manufacturing Facility, including, without 
limitation, hiring the workforce to perform Manufacturing Operations in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, procuring the raw materials, 
supplies, manufacturing the pharmaceutical products, selling and 
distributing the pharmaceutical products, and maintaining compliance with 
all applicable laws. Except for the Manufacturing Facility and the 
Manufacturing Equipment that will be owned by FSMC and made available by 
FSMC to KINEX for the Manufacturing Operations, KINEX will own all the 
inventory, product, output, and other property it purchases or creates 
associated with running the Manufacturing Operation at the Manufacturing 
Facility. The profit or losses resulting from the Manufacturing Operation 
at the Manufacturing Facility shall accrue solely to KINEX. KINEX shall be 
responsible for all taxes, including, without limitation, federal and local 
taxes, associated with the Manufacturing Operation at the Manufacturing 
Facility.
 
  	(b) 	As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following 
meanings:

Manufacturing Facility Completion means that the Manufacturing Facility 
and all related infrastructure have been completed in accordance with the 
agreed-on plans, specifications and requirements, all utilities serving the 
Manufacturing Facility are fully operational, a certificate of occupancy or 
its equivalent for the entire Manufacturing Facility has been issued by the 
applicable governmental agency and all Manufacturing Equipment has been 
acquired and delivered to the Manufacturing Facility.

Manufacturing Equipment Commissioning means that after Manufacturing 
Facility Completion has been achieved, all Manufacturing Equipment has been 
installed in the Manufacturing Facility, has been commissioned, and the 
entire manufacturing line and related Manufacturing Equipment is fully 
operational.
 
  	(c) 	FSMC is responsible at its cost (subject to the limits below in 
Section 5.1(d)) to achieve Manufacturing Facility Completion, including to 
acquire all Manufacturing Equipment and to provide for all Manufacturing 
Equipment to be delivered to the Manufacturing Facility. Once Manufacturing 
Facility Completion has been achieved, including all Manufacturing 
Equipment has been acquired and delivered to the Manufacturing Facility, 
KINEX is responsible at its cost to achieve Manufacturing Equipment 
Commissioning. The Parties will mutually agree upon the list of 
Manufacturing Equipment subject to KINEXs general requirements with 
respect to the Manufacturing Equipment.
 
4.2 	Manufacturing Facility and Manufacturing Equipment

After the Manufacturing Facility Completion, KINEX shall lease the 
Manufacturing Facility for the Manufacturing Operations from FSMC in 
accordance with the terms of a separate written lease agreement between 
KINEX and FSMC, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, at the base 
rent rate of $1.00 per year for a term of ten (10) years with the option to 
extend the term of the lease for a second ten (10) year term. Following the 
Manufacturing Facility Completion, KINEX is responsible for paying for all 
costs associated with the Manufacturing Facility and the
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
property on which the Manufacturing Facility is situated, including, 
without limitation, maintenance and operating expenses, utilities, 
municipal charges, and real estate taxes assessed against the Manufacturing 
Facility and the property on which the Manufacturing Facility is situated 
or the amount(s) to be paid pursuant to a payment in lieu of taxes or other 
agreement with a governmental entity, whether such payments are by 
contribution or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, including Sections 4.1(a), and 4.3, with 
respect to the Manufacturing Facility and the property on which the 
Manufacturing Facility is situated, under the written lease agreement 
between FSMC and KINEX, KINEX shall in no event have any obligation to 
perform or to pay directly, or to reimburse FSMC for, and FSMC shall be 
solely responsible for: (a) costs caused by the violation of any law by 
FSMC or its Affiliates, or their respective agents, employees or 
contractors; (b) costs caused by condemnation or casualties that are not 
caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of KINEX or its agents, 
employees or contractors or that are of a type required to be insured 
against by FSMC under Exhibit F; (c) costs to correct any construction 
defect in the Manufacturing Facility or to comply with any covenant, 
condition, restriction or law applicable to the Manufacturing Facility on 
the Manufacturing Facility Completion date; (d) costs of structural or 
other repairs that are FSMCs responsibility hereunder; or (f) any fee or 
compensation to FSMC or its Affiliates, designees, agents or contractors 
for management or administration of the Manufacturing Facility. The 
Manufacturing Equipment shall be located at the Manufacturing Facility and 
shall be assigned for the exclusive use of KINEX for a term of ten (10) 
years with the option to extend its use for a second ten (10) year term.
 
4.3 	KINEX Investment & Spending in connection with the Manufacturing 
Facility

Provided FSMC performs its obligations hereunder and following the 
Manufacturing Facility Completion, KINEX commits to invest and spend in the 
Manufacturing Operation at the Manufacturing Facility, including raw 
materials, supplies, labor and other operational costs $1.52 Billion during 
the first ten (10) years following the Manufacturing Facility Completion, 
with an additional investment of $1.5 Billion over a subsequent ten (10) 
year period in the event of this Agreement and the lease agreement for the 
Manufacturing Facility are renewed, as follows:
 
OpEx (Yr. 1  10)
   	  	 
 Raw Materials
   	$ 	300 Million 	 
 Supplies
   	$ 	250 Million 	 
 Labor (fully burdened)
   	$ 	570 Million 	 
 Other Operating
   	$ 	400 Million 	 
   	
 
 
 
 Total
   	$
1.520 Billion
 
 
4.4 	KINEX Employment Targets in connection with the Manufacturing Facility

Provided FSMC performs its obligations hereunder, KINEX shall create and 
hire as KINEX employees personnel for 450 direct, permanent high tech jobs 
at the Manufacturing Facility with most of these positions being high tech 
jobs. At least 300 of these jobs will be created over the first 2.5 years 
of the Manufacturing Facility operation following the Manufacturing 
Facility Completion, with 450 jobs achieved during the 5th year of 
Manufacturing Facility operation following the Manufacturing Facility 
Completion. KINEX commits to the retention of these jobs for the Term of 
this Agreement. KINEX also commits to working jointly with
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
FOUNDATION to assist it in attracting and locating an additional 450 jobs 
from companies that provide supplies, machinery, equipment, materials, 
and/or services or goods to the Manufacturing Facility. The jobs that set 
forth in this Section are expected to meet the commercially reasonable 
requirements of the funding agency(ies) supporting this Agreement.
 
4.5 	KINEX Medical Technology Research & Innovation Center and North 
American Headquarters
 
  	(a) 	Following the Headquarters Build Out Completion, KINEX shall locate 
its North American Headquarters and Medical Technology Research & 
Innovation Center within the Buffalo Medical Innovation and 
Commercialization Hub at the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center. 
KINEX shall lease from FSMC the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation 
Center in accordance with the terms of a separate written lease agreement 
between KINEX and FSMC consistent with the terms of this Agreement for the 
purpose of housing KINEXs Medical Technology Research & Innovation Center 
and North American Headquarters for a ten (10) year term, with the option 
to extend the term of the lease for a second ten (10) year term, at a lease 
rent rate equal to 35% of FSMCs external lease rent costs for the 
Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center for years 1 through 3 and 
thereafter at a lease rental rate equal to 100% of FSMC external lease rent 
costs for the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center. The lease term 
will commence on August 1, 2015. If fit-up for the Corporate Headquarters 
and Innovation Center is not completed by August 1, 2015, then KINEX will 
be allowed to begin moving into the Corporate Headquarters an Innovation 
Center while fit-up is being finalized. Subject to the terms of the 
separate written lease agreement, once Headquarters Build Out Completion 
has been achieved, KINEX shall pay all other FSMC external lease costs 
associated with FSMCs lease of the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation 
Center, including, without limitation, maintenance and operating expenses, 
utilities, municipal charges, and real estate taxes assessed against the 
Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and the property on which the 
Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center is situated or the amount(s) 
required to be paid pursuant to a payment in lieu of taxes or other 
agreement with a governmental entity, whether by contribution or otherwise.
 
  	(b) 	As used in this Agreement, Headquarters Build Out Completion 
means that the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and all related 
infrastructure have been renovated and prepared in accordance with the 
agreed-on plans, specifications and requirements, and the premises are 
suitable for occupation by KINEX.
 
  	(c) 	FSMC is responsible at its cost (subject to the limits below in 
Section 5.1(g)) to achieve Headquarters Build Out Completion, including to 
acquire all Laboratory Equipment and to provide for all Laboratory 
Equipment to be delivered to the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation 
Center.
 
  	(d) 	The Laboratory Equipment shall be located at the Corporate 
Headquarters and Innovation Center and assigned for the exclusive use of 
KINEX for a term of ten (10) years with the option to extend its use for a 
second ten (10) year term.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
4.6 	KINEX Investment Spending in connection with the Corporate 
Headquarters and Innovation Center

Following the Headquarters Build Out Completion, KINEX commits to invest 
and spend a total of $100 million over ten (10) years in operational 
expenses at the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and other 
existing KINEX Erie County manufacturing facilities. In the event the term 
of the separate written lease agreement between KINEX and FSMC for KINEX 
lease of the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center is extended for 
an additional ten (10) years, KINEX will invest an additional $100 million 
in operational expenses at the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center 
and KINEXs other existing KINEX Erie County manufacturing facilities.
 
4.7 	KINEX Employment Targets in connection with the Corporate Headquarters 
and Innovation Center.

Following the Headquarters Build Out Completion, KINEX agrees to create and 
hire as KINEX employees personnel for 250 direct, permanent high tech and 
corporate jobs at the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and 
other KINEX operations located in the Buffalo, NY area within the first 5 
years the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center is open. KINEX 
commits to the retention of these jobs for the Term of this Agreement. 
KINEX also commits to working jointly with FSMC to assist it in attracting 
and locating an additional 250 jobs from companies that provide supplies, 
machinery, equipment, materials, and/or services or goods to the KINEX 
operations in NYS. The jobs that set forth in this Section are expected to 
meet the commercially reasonable requirements of the funding agency(ies) 
supporting this Agreement.
 
4.8 	Additional KINEX Manufacturing Capacity

KINEX or a KINEX Affiliate may expand its healthcare manufacturing capacity 
beyond that described in this Agreement by creating another manufacturing 
facility (Phase II). KINEX hereby grants FSMC the right to have the first 
opportunity to discuss, negotiate, and enter into an agreement with KINEX 
or a KINEX Affiliate with respect to the location of Phase II. If, at any 
time during the Term of this Agreement, KINEX or a KINEX Affiliate has a 
commercially reasonable good faith intention to proceed with Phase II, then 
prior to KINEX or a KINEX Affiliate entering into a binding agreement with 
respect to the location, lease or purchase of Phase II with any party other 
than FSMC, KINEX will notify FSMC of the commercially reasonable good faith 
intention of KINEX or a KINEX Affiliate to proceed with Phase II. The 
Parties will negotiate in good faith and attempt to reach a mutual 
agreement in writing within 120 days from the date on which FSMC receives 
notice from KINEX (Negotiation Period) for KINEX or a KINEX Affiliate to 
locate Phase II in NYS. During the Negotiation Period, neither KINEX nor 
any of its Affiliates may negotiate with any party other than FSMC on 
behalf of SUNY POLY with respect to Phase II. After expiration of the 
Negotiation Period, if the Parties have not reached an agreement in writing 
for KINEX or a KINEX Affiliate to locate Phase II in NYS, then KINEX will 
be free to locate Phase II at any location it determines.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
4.9 	Commitment to Local Content

KINEX acknowledges NYSs desire to use as much locally manufactured product 
as is practical in support of the Manufacturing Facility, the Corporate 
Headquarters and Innovation Center and any other KINEX locations in NYS. 
KINEX will make reasonable efforts and provide first consideration to NYS 
based suppliers of equipment, materials and other items required for the 
establishment and growth of the KINEXs operations in order to use as much 
NYS manufactured product as is practical.
 
4.10 	Workforce Education and Training

KINEX commits to use commercially reasonable efforts to work with FSMC to 
help recruit, relocate, and train the workforce necessary to staff the 
Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and the Manufacturing 
Facility. This may include participation in one or more workforce 
development programs FSMC, FOUNDATION, and/or SUNY POLY has or will 
commence in NYS.
 
4.11 	Programmatic Commitments

KINEX will use commercially reasonable efforts to guide and execute the 
activities outlined below with assistance from FOUNDATION:
 
  	 	  	Work with FOUNDATION on behalf of SUNY POLY to develop next 
generation high potency oral and sterile injectable pharmaceutical product 
educational curriculum and workforce training content;
 
  	 	  	Deliver joint educational programs, seminars, and conferences;
 
  	 	  	Offer internships that will enable SUNY POLY students to 
participate in the development, manufacture, and distribution of next 
generation high potency sterile injectable pharmaceutical products; and
 
  	 	  	Participate, as and when appropriate, in the medical, biomedical 
and life sciences related centers SUNY POLY has established or will in the 
future establish.
 
4.12 	Contribution Verification and Audit

KINEX shall provide FSMC with reports verifying KINEXs contributions to 
the Program and the fair market value of such contributions and such other 
information as reasonably requested by FSMC, with such reports being duly 
acknowledged by an officer of KINEX and in such form as reasonably 
requested by FSMC. During such audit, FSMC or its accounting firm may 
examine and copy KINEXs books, records, documents, and other supporting 
data relating to this Agreement and the Program expenditures. KINEX shall 
maintain accurate books, records, documents, and other supporting data 
which relate to all financial matters concerning the Program and its 
obligations under this Agreement for seven (7) years from the date of 
termination of this Agreement. FSMC will notify KINEX in writing before any 
audit and will conduct such audit at reasonable times.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
V. 	FSMC PROGRAM CONTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS
 
5.1 	Manufacturing Facility and Manufacturing Equipment
 
  	(a) 	Subject to the limitation set forth in Section 5.1(d), FSMC will 
generate funding from the State of New York, to be administered through 
FSMC or its Affiliate, to design and construct the Manufacturing Facility, 
as may be mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties, to house the 
Manufacturing Operations. The Manufacturing Facility will be constructed 
and owned or controlled by FSMC and leased to KINEX in accordance with the 
terms of a separate written lease agreement between KINEX and FSMC, 
consistent with the terms of this Agreement, at the base rent rate of $1.00 
per year for a term of ten (10) years with the option to extend the term of 
the lease for a second ten (10) year term.
 
  	(b) 	The Parties agree that KINEX will have the opportunity to fully 
participate in the design and construction process for the Manufacturing 
Facility. FSMC shall negotiate the contracts for the design and 
construction of the Manufacturing Facility including approving the budget 
for the contracts for the design and construction of the Manufacturing 
Facility, with the intent of the Manufacturing Facility to be completed in 
compliance with KINEXs requirements. FSMC shall cause the Manufacturing 
Facility to be constructed in a good and workmanlike manner in accordance 
with all laws, plans approved by KINEX consistent with the requirements and 
a detailed project schedule to be mutually agreed between the Parties, 
pursuant to one or more guaranteed maximum price contracts requiring 
competitive bids for subcontractors. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in Sections 5.1(a), (c), (d) and (g), FSMC shall be solely 
responsible for, and the $200 Million amount referenced herein includes, 
reasonable costs for roads, utilities and other site improvements 
reasonably required for KINEX Manufacturing Operations at the Manufacturing 
Facility, which FOUNDATION shall cause to be installed as part of the 
Manufacturing Facility.
 
  	(c) 	Subject to the limitation set forth in Section 5.1(d), FSMC will 
further generate funding from the State of New York, to be administered 
through FSMC or its Affiliate, to equip the Manufacturing Facility with the 
Manufacturing Equipment. The Manufacturing Equipment will be owned by FSMC 
or its Affiliate and assigned to KINEX for its exclusive use for a term of 
ten (10) years with the option to extend the term of its use for a second 
ten (10) year term.
 
  	(d) 	Under no circumstance will FSMC or its Affiliates costs for the 
Manufacturing Facility and Manufacturing Equipment exceed $200 million plus 
any remaining amount, not to exceed $25 million, from the funding for 
FSMCs and its Affiliates costs associated with the KINEX Corporate 
Headquarters and Innovation Center and the Laboratory Equipment.
 
  	(e) 	Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.1(g), FSMC will 
generate funding from the State of New York, to be administered through 
FSMC or its Affiliate, to design, construct and fit-up the Corporate 
Headquarters and Innovation Center. The Corporate Headquarters and 
Innovation Center will be controlled by FSMC and leased to KINEX in 
accordance with the terms of a separate written lease agreement between 
KINEX and FSMC consistent with the terms of this Agreement for the purpose 
of housing KINEXs Medical Technology Research & Innovation Center and 
North American Headquarters for a ten (10) year term, with the option to 
extend the term of the lease for a second ten (10) year term.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
  	(f) 	Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.1(g), FSMC will 
further use best efforts to generate funding from the State of New York, to 
be administered through FSMC or its Affiliate, to equip the Corporate 
Headquarters and Innovation Center with the Laboratory Equipment. The 
Laboratory Equipment will be owned by FOUNDATION or its Affiliate and 
assigned for the exclusive use of KINEX for a term of ten (10) years with 
the option to extend the term of its use for a second ten (10) year term.
 
  	(g) 	Under no circumstances will FSMC or its Affiliates costs for the 
Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and the Laboratory Equipment 
exceed $25 million in the aggregate. In the event these costs are less than 
$25 million, the remaining funds will be used by FSMC or its Affiliate in 
support of the Manufacturing Facility and Manufacturing Equipment as set 
forth in Section 5.1(d).
 
  	(h) 	FSMC will manage the design and construction of the Manufacturing 
Facility, subject to KINEXs rights under Section 5.1(b). FSMC shall keep 
the foundation, the exterior walls, plate glass windows, exterior entrance 
doors, exterior entrance door closure devices, and other exterior openings; 
window and window frames, molding, locks, and hardware; signs, placards, 
decorations or advertising media of any type, underground utilities and 
roof of the Manufacturing Facility and furnace in good repair. FSMC will 
keep KINEX apprised, where applicable, of maintenance and repair work to 
the Manufacturing Facility and will coordinate any such maintenance and 
repair work with KINEX so as to minimize the disruption of the 
Manufacturing Operations.

KINEX shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of the 
Manufacturing Equipment. KINEX shall make all needed repairs and 
replacements of the Manufacturing Equipment, within the Manufacturing 
Facility (including all utility systems located either within or above 
ground on the outside perimeter of the Manufacturing Facility), except for 
repairs and replacements required to be made by FSMC hereunder.

In the event the Manufacturing Equipment should become in need of 
maintenance or repair required to be made by KINEX hereunder, KINEX shall 
give prompt written notice thereof to FSMC reasonably describing the 
maintenance and repair work to be performed, the Manufacturing Equipment 
affected, and proposed treatment; but in the event a condition arises with 
respect to the Manufacturing Equipment that either (i) creates a materially 
unsafe condition or imminent danger to persons with respect to the 
Manufacturing Equipment, or (ii) materially impairs the Manufacturing 
Equipment, as determined by FSMC, FSMC may make immediate interim repairs 
as are necessary to prevent damage from occurring. FSMC and KINEX shall 
work together to coordinate maintenance and repair under any available 
warranties. FSMC may appoint KINEX as its agent to enforce all such express 
warranties with respect to the Manufacturing Equipment on a case by case 
basis, to allow KINEX to undertake needed maintenance and repairs on an 
expedited basis when necessary to minimize downtime and impact on the 
Manufacturing Operations.

In the event the Manufacturing Facility should become in need of 
maintenance or repair required to be made by FSMC hereunder, FSMC shall 
give prompt notice thereof to
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
KINEX; but in the event of a materially unsafe condition or imminent danger 
to persons with respect to the Manufacturing Facility, as determined by 
FSMC, FSMC shall make immediate interim repairs as are necessary to prevent 
damage from occurring.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 5.1(h), 
if a condition arises with respect to the Manufacturing Facility that 
either (i) creates a materially unsafe condition or imminent danger to 
persons, or (ii) materially impairs the manufacturing capacity or operation 
of the Manufacturing Operations, KINEX shall provide prompt written notice 
thereof to FSMC and FSMC shall take commercially reasonable steps to 
address the condition, taking into account the urgency of the situation.

Where appropriate, FSMC shall cooperate with KINEX (e.g., assigning 
warranty rights) to enable KINEX to address the condition.
 
  	(i) 	FSMC (or its Affiliate) and KINEX will mutually agree in writing on 
terms associated with any option to renew the lease for the Manufacturing 
Facility and the Manufacturing Equipment from FSMC to either: 1) allow 
KINEX to purchase the Manufacturing Equipment at a pricing to be mutually 
agreed to and lease or purchase the Manufacturing Facility at a pricing to 
be mutually agreed to from FSMC; or 2) with KINEX committing to spend or 
incur at least $1.52 Billion in additional combined capital, operational 
expenses and other costs in New York State (as described in Section 4.3) 
during a ten (10) year period commencing on the tenth anniversary of 
Manufacturing Facility Completion, FSMC will extend the $1.00 per year 
lease terms for the Manufacturing Facility for an additional ten (10) 
years, including use of the Manufacturing Equipment at no additional cost.
 
  	(j) 	The Parties acknowledge and agree that, following the execution of 
this Agreement, the Parties will confer and mutually agree on timelines and 
milestone events for the construction of the Manufacturing facility and the 
build out of the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Facility, and that 
upon the establishment of such timelines and milestones, this Agreement 
will be further amended to reflect deadlines for the achievement of 
relevant milestones, and termination provisions to reflect the failure of a 
party to timely achieve relevant milestones.
 
5.2 	FSMC Assisted Employment Targets

FSMC commits to working jointly with KINEX to attract and locate an 
additional 250 support jobs from KINEX contractors and suppliers in the 
proximity of the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and 450 
support jobs from KINEX contractors and suppliers in the proximity of the 
Manufacturing Facility.
 
5.3 	FOUNDATION R&D Funding Targets

FOUNDATION will use best efforts to work with KINEX to identify sources of 
funding to continue the development of high potency oral and sterile 
injectable pharmaceutical products.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
5.4 	Workforce Education and Training/Other Incentives

FSMC will use best efforts to work with KINEX to help recruit, relocate, 
and train the workforce necessary to staff the Manufacturing Facility. This 
may include participation in one or more workforce development programs 
FSMC, FOUNDATION and/or SUNY POLY has or will commence in NYS. FSMC commits 
to work with KINEX to help coordinate other NYS or local workforce 
training, relocation or programs available to assist KINEX in the 
attraction, retraining, and retention of the workforce necessary to staff 
the Manufacturing Facility.
 
5.5 	Programmatic Activities

FSMC will cause FOUNDATION will use best efforts to assist KINEX in guiding 
and executing the activities outlined below:
 
  	 	  	Work with FOUNDATION on behalf of SUNY POLY to develop next 
generation high potency oral and sterile injectable pharmaceutical product 
educational curriculum and workforce training content;
 
  	 	  	Deliver joint educational programs, seminars, and conferences;
 
  	 	  	Offer internships that will enable SUNY POLY students to 
participate in the development, manufacture, and distribution of next 
generation high potency oral and sterile injectable pharmaceutical 
products; and
 
  	 	  	Participate, as and when appropriate, in the medical, biomedical 
and life sciences related centers SUNY POLY has established or will in the 
future establish.
 
VI. 	FSMCPRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR

FSMC shall provide or shall cause to be provided ALAIN KALOYEROS as the 
principal investigator regarding all technical, programmatic and facilities 
use requirements in respect of the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
and regarding the supervision, management and operation of the Program. If 
ALAIN KALOYEROS affiliation with SUNY POLY should terminate for any 
reason, an appropriate replacement shall be appointed by FSMC.
 
VII. 	FSMC/SUNY POLY OR FSMCS AFFILIATE GUIDELINES

FSMC/SUNY POLY may provide to KINEX documents setting forth commercially 
reasonable guidelines applicable to (a) KINEXs employees and agents that 
are resident or working at the SUNY POLY Facilities and, to the extent 
applicable, such guidelines shall be consistent with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, and (b) KINEXs use of SUNY POLY Facilities 
for conducting operations of the Program. The Parties shall agree upon and 
shall document other guidelines that shall apply to the Parties employees 
and agents participating in the Program.
 
VIII. 	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Rights in and obligations with respect to intellectual property created 
under this Agreement shall be in accordance with the terms of Exhibit E. 
Except as set forth in Exhibit E, no rights in any intellectual property 
are conveyed or granted by or under this Agreement.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
IX. 	PROJECTS

The Parties or their Affiliates may from time to time during the Term of 
this Agreement mutually agree to define and enter into one or more 
Statement(s) of Work (SOW(s)) for Projects in accordance with Exhibit E.
 
X. 	PROGRAM REVIEW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
 
10.1. 	The Parties will establish an annual program review process with 
appropriate senior executives of the Parties of at least the level of Vice 
President or other comparable level as defined by each Party.
 
10.2. 	Each Party shall designate a Program Manager to oversee its 
participation in Projects and the Program.
 
10.3 	The Program Managers will exercise reasonable efforts in attempting 
to reach mutual agreement on all issues and matters under their 
consideration. If the Program Managers cannot reach agreement in a 
reasonable amount of time, the Program Managers shall refer the dispute in 
writing to the senior executives of the Parties that are designated under 
Section 10.1, who shall discuss and meet in person, if necessary, in order 
to negotiate a resolution to the dispute.
 
XI. 	TERM AND TERMINATION
 
11.1 	Term

The term of this Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall extend 
for ten (10) years from the Manufacturing Facility Completion, unless the 
Parties extend the term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement or unless this Agreement is terminated by a Party in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement (Term). The Parties may 
mutually agree in a written amendment to this Agreement to extend the Term 
of this Agreement for an additional ten (10) years or for such other period 
of time as the Parties agree. The Parties anticipate the need for KINEX to 
have subsequent renewal options generally and in the event that the Parties 
decide not to extend this Agreement or if this Agreement is otherwise 
terminated, the Parties will mutually agree on terms to renew the lease for 
the Manufacturing Facility, the Corporate Headquarters and Innovation 
Center, the Manufacturing Equipment and the Laboratory Equipment from FSMC 
(or FSMCs Affiliate).
 
11.2 	Agreement Termination for Breach, Default or Failure to Perform

If a Party becomes a breaching Party (the Breaching Party) by breaching, 
defaulting or failing to perform any representation, warranty, covenant, 
obligation or agreement hereunder in any respect that is material to this 
Agreement, then the other Party (the Non-Breaching Party) may terminate 
this Agreement through a written notice to the Breaching Party (the Breach 
Notice) enumerating the Breaching Partys breach(es) or failure(s) to 
perform or event(s) of default under this Agreement; provided, that within 
ninety (90) calendar days after the date upon which the Breach Notice was 
delivered to the Breaching Party, the Breaching Party shall be entitled to 
cure any of the breaches, failures to perform or events of default 
identified in the
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
Breach Notice. If at the end of the 90-day cure period, any of the 
identified breaches, failures to perform or events of default have not been 
cured, the Non-Breaching Party may, by a signed written notice, terminate 
this Agreement with respect to the Breaching Party, effective immediately. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Breaching Party commences to cure the 
breaches, failures to perform or events of default identified in the Breach 
Notice within the 90-day cure period, but is unable to reasonably complete 
the cure within such period, the Breaching Party may, upon written request 
to the Non-Breaching Party prior to the end of the original cure period, 
together with a reasonably detailed explanation of how such cure would be 
achieved, have an additional 90-day cure period to complete the cure if 
such written request is granted by the Non-Breaching Party.
 
11.3 	Other Agreement Termination Events

If any Party (an Affected Party) commits, engages in or suffers any of 
the following events, then the other Party may terminate this Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	Becomes insolvent, is dissolved or liquidated, files or has filed 
against it (and it is not dismissed within ninety (90) days of filing) a 
petition in bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation or 
similar action, is adjudicated as bankrupt, or has a receiver appointed for 
its business;
 
  	(b) 	Has all or a substantial portion of its capital stock or assets 
expropriated or attached by any government entity;
 
  	(c) 	Makes an assignment of this Agreement for the benefit of creditors;
 
  	(d) 	Is subject to property attachment, court injunction, or court order 
materially affecting its ability to honor its obligations under this 
Agreement; or
 
  	(e) 	Suffers a Change of Control, without the prior approval of the 
other Party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
11.4 	Effects of Agreement Termination. Party Termination
 
  	(a) 	If a Partys participation in this Agreement is terminated by 
another Party in accordance with Sections 11.2 or 11.3, such Party shall be 
termed a Terminated Party herein, and the other Party (as to whose 
participation in this Agreement has not terminated) shall be termed the 
Continuing Party herein.
 
  	(b) 	Any termination of the entire Agreement shall result in termination 
of all Projects and all other Program-related activities. Any termination 
with respect to or withdrawal by a Terminated Party shall terminate the 
Terminated Partys current and/or prospective participation in all Project 
activities as of the effective date of the Terminated Partys termination, 
but shall not relieve such Terminated Party of liability under Section 11.5 
or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
 
  	(c) 	Upon termination of a Terminated Partys participation in this 
Agreement, the Terminated Party shall destroy or return to the Continuing 
Party all Confidential Information (as defined in Exhibit F) of the 
Continuing Party, as well as all copies and resumes thereof (except one (1) 
copy thereof which may be retained for archival and legal purposes), and 
the Terminated Party shall so certify such return or destruction in writing 
to the Continuing Party.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
11.5 	Liability upon Termination
 
  	(a) 	If FSMC is the Terminated Party, FSMCS total cumulative liability 
for the entirety of any remaining contributions and payments described in 
Section V of this Agreement shall not, under any circumstances, exceed the 
total amount of New York State committed contributions that have come due 
to the Program as of the date of termination minus any payments previously 
made by FSMC under this Agreement.
 
  	(b) 	If KINEX is the Terminated Party, KINEXs total cumulative 
liability for the entirety of any remaining contributions and payments 
described in Section IV of this Agreement shall not, under any 
circumstances, exceed the Unamortized Foundation Investment. The 
Unamortized Foundation Investment means an amount equal to (i) the lesser 
of $225,000,000 and the amount actually expended by FSMC prior to the 
termination, multiplied by (ii) a percentage, the numerator of which is 
equal to the difference between (x) $1,620,000,000 and (y) the amount of 
capital, operational and other costs incurred or spent by KINEX under 
Section IV through the effective date of termination, and the denominator 
of which is equal to $1,620,000,000.
 
11.6 	Failure of State Funding

FSMC is reliant on the allocation of NYS funds to satisfy FSMCs 
contribution obligations under Section 5.1 of this Agreement. In the event 
that the requisite NYS funding is not allocated to FSMC, KINEX shall have 
the right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice 
to FSMC. Termination under this Section 11.6 shall not be regarded as 
termination for breach, default or failure to perform under Section 11.2 or 
other termination events under Section 11.3, but rather shall be considered 
termination by reason of impossibility. FSMC shall have no further 
obligations except those which apply to termination under this Section 11.6 
or which otherwise survive termination as set forth in this Agreement.
 
XII. 	PUBLICITY
 
  	12.1 	Any press releases, public announcements, and publicity regarding 
this Agreement, the relationship between the Parties, or the content and 
results of Projects must be approved by both Parties in writing prior to 
any press release, public announcement, or other publicity by either Party, 
excluding any non-public communication that is internal to any individual 
Party or used solely by the Parties within the Program.
 
  	12.2 	FSMC and its Affiliates may publicly reveal the existence of and 
the total contribution amounts under this Agreement without the prior 
consent from KINEX notwithstanding the provisions of XIII of this 
Agreement. If FSMC or its Affiliates publicly disclose the existence of 
this agreement, then Kinex may refer to or publicly reveal the existence of 
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL this agreement by reference to matters already 
identified publicly by FSMC or its Affiliates.
 
  	12.3 	Any public use by either Party of the names or logos associated 
with the other Party requires the prior written consent of the other Party.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
XIII. 	CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

The Parties agree that the terms set forth in Exhibit F of this Agreement 
shall govern the handling of Confidential Information disclosed by a Party 
to another Party during the Term of this Agreement.
 
XIV. 	REPRESENTATIONS/WARRANTIES/LIABILITIES/INDEMNIFICATION
 
14.1 	As of the Effective Date, KINEX and FSMC represent and warrant, as 
applicable, the following:
 
  	(a) 	Each Party has the authority to enter into this Agreement and 
perform its obligations under this Agreement and any other documents and 
instruments contemplated hereby to be executed and delivered by such Party.
 
  	(b) 	The signing, delivery and performance by such Party of this 
Agreement and all of the documents and instruments contemplated hereby to 
be executed and delivered by such Party are within the legal power and 
authority of such Party and have been duly authorized by all necessary 
action of such Party. This Agreement is, and the other documents and 
instruments required hereby to be delivered by it will be, when signed and 
delivered, the valid and binding obligations of such Party, enforceable 
against such Party in accordance with their respective terms.
 
  	(c) 	The signing, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of 
the other documents and instruments contemplated hereby to be signed and 
delivered by such Party does not and will not conflict with or violate any 
material judgment, order or decree binding on such Party.
 
  	(d) 	Such Party has the full right, power and authority to grant any 
licenses to be granted by such Party pursuant to this Agreement.
 
  	(e) 	There are no outstanding agreements, assignments or encumbrances 
that have been made by such Party and by which such Party is bound and that 
are inconsistent with or are violated by the provisions of or granting of 
such licenses.
 
  	(f) 	There is no litigation, governmental investigation, suit, action, 
proceeding or written claim of any kind pending and to the Knowledge of 
KINEX, none are threatened against KINEX or any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates affecting the ability of KINEX to perform its obligations under 
this Agreement.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
 
14.2 	Injunctive Relief

Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, either Party may 
enforce any breach during the term of this Agreement of any of the specific 
provision(s) of this Agreement by commencing an action for injunctive or 
other equitable relief at any time.
 
14.3 	Limitations of Liability
 
  	(a) 	Except for (i) a Partys failure to make the specific payments, 
contributions, deliveries or provide the services or support under Sections 
IV and V of this Agreement, (ii) a Partys respective obligations under 
Sections VIII and XIII, and (iii) matters or claims in respect of this 
Agreement that relate to workers compensation, bodily injury, death, 
sickness, disease, disability and damage or destruction to real or personal 
property, tools and equipment, each Partys total cumulative liability for 
any and all matters, causes of action or indemnifications in any way 
relating to this Agreement or for the performance or non-performance or 
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, duty or obligation under 
this Agreement, regardless of the form of action, shall be limited to 
damages and/or payments which shall not exceed $10 Million, in the 
aggregate.
 
  	(b) 	With respect to only subsections (i) and (iii) of Section 14.3(a) 
of this Agreement, each Partys total cumulative liability for any and all 
matters, causes of action or indemnifications (including, but not limited 
to, Section 14.5 of this Agreement) in any way relating to such subsections 
or for the performance or non-performance of any covenant, duty or 
obligation thereunder, regardless of the form of action, shall be limited 
to damages and/or payments which shall not exceed in the aggregate (1) with 
respect to Section 14.3(a)(i) of this Agreement, the limits under Section 
11.5, as to matters addressed in Section 11.5 and (2) with respect to 
Section 14.3(a)(iii) of this Agreement, only for those matters or claims 
that relate to damage or destruction to real or personal property, tools 
and equipment to the extent such matters or claims are not covered by 
insurance that is required to be carried by a party under this Agreement or 
under the lease or use agreement or similar agreement for the Manufacturing 
Facility, Manufacturing Equipment, Corporate Headquarters and Innovation 
Center or Laboratory Equipment, in each case of such damage or destruction, 
equal to the sum of (i) the insured value of the real or personal property, 
tools and equipment, and (ii) $5 Million, in the aggregate.
 
  	(c) 	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in 
this Agreement, the Parties agree that any liability or obligations under 
this Agreement shall not include any special, punitive, indirect, 
incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, lost 
profits, even if a Party has been made aware of the possibility of such 
damages.
 
14.4 	Insurance

KINEX shall obtain the insurance coverage and/or limits in accordance with 
Exhibit G and agrees to the terms set forth in Exhibit G.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
 
14.5 	Indemnification
 
  	(a) 	Each Party (the Indemnitor) to this Agreement, subject to the 
limitations set forth in Section 11.5 and Section 14.3, shall indemnify, 
save, hold harmless and defend the other Party and its officers, directors, 
managers, shareholders, employees, agents, advisors and assigns 
(collectively, Party Indemnitee) and (b) KINEX, as Indemnitor, shall 
also, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.5 and Section 
14.3, indemnify, save, hold harmless and defend FRMC, FOUNDATION, SUNY 
POLY, the State of New York and SUNY, and their officers, directors, 
managers, shareholders, employees, Affiliates, Subsidiaries, agents, 
advisors and assigns (SUNY Indemnity, and collectively with each Party 
Indemnitee, Indemnitee), in each case from and against any and all claims 
(including, without limitation, third party claims), damages, demands, 
actions, judgments, lawsuits, proceedings, assessments, liabilities, 
losses, penalties, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, 
reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses), whether or not subject to 
litigation (collectively, Indemnified Claims), incurred by any Indemnitee 
in connection with, by reason of, or arising out of (i) the breach, 
untruthfulness or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of the 
Indemnitor that is contained in this Agreement, (ii) the breach or failure 
to keep, observe or perform any covenant or obligation of the Indemnitor 
(or its employees or agents) in this Agreement, (iii) any fraud of the 
Indemnitor (or its employees or agents) in connection with the performance 
of this Agreement, (iv) any damage or destruction of property, or injury, 
sickness, disease or death to persons, resulting from the Indemnitors or 
its employees or agents negligence or misconduct, or (v) any act or 
omission or violation of statutory duty or regulation by the Indemnitor or 
any of its employees or agents. KINEX shall also defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless FSMC and FSMC Affiliates as set forth herein, in connection with 
any goods and/or services arising under this Agreement, provided, made, 
sold and/or transferred by KINEX.
 
  	(b) 	
An Indemnitee, for purposes of asserting the indemnifications under this 
Section, will give the applicable Indemnitor written notice of any 
Indemnified Claim within thirty (30) days after the Indemnitee (a) receives 
notice of an Indemnified Claim for which indemnification is sought or (b) 
determines that an event of which it is aware is likely to give rise to an 
Indemnified Claim for indemnification, and the Indemnitee will give copies 
to the Indemnitor of all information and documents relating to such 
Indemnified Claim or potential Indemnified Claim that are received by the 
Indemnitee within thirty (30) days after the Indemnitees receipt thereof 
or, if applicable, within thirty (30) days after the Indemnitee makes the 
determination referred to in clause (b); provided, that the failure of the 
Indemnitee to give notice or deliver copies of information or documents 
within the specified time periods shall not limit the Indemnitees right to 
claim indemnification hereunder, except to the extent that the Indemnitor 
can demonstrate that it was actually damaged by the failure to give notice 
or provide information or documents within the specified time periods. The 
applicable Indemnitor will be obligated to defend any Indemnified Claim for 
indemnification hereunder, and to select counsel for any third-party 
Indemnified Claim, which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the 
Indemnitee, all at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnitor; provided, 
that the Indemnitee will be allowed, at its expense, to participate in such 
defense; provided, further, that no settlement shall be entered into
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
  	 without the approval of the Indemnitee; provided further, that in the 
event the Indemnitor proposes in good faith to settle an Indemnified Claim 
that requires solely the payment of money damages by the Indemnitor on 
terms acceptable to the third-party claimant and the Indemnitor is ready, 
willing and able to completely satisfy the Indemnified Claim on such terms 
but the Indemnitee does not consent to the settlement on such terms, the 
Indemnitee shall be responsible for all liability or expenses (including 
reasonable legal expenses and costs) with respect to such Indemnified Claim 
that exceed the proposed settlement amount, including all legal expenses 
and costs incurred after the date the Indemnitee initially gave notice to 
the Indemnitor withholding its consent to the proposed settlement. Notice 
of the Indemnitors intention to defend any such Indemnified Claim shall be 
given to the Indemnitee within twenty (20) days after the Indemnitee shall 
have notified the Indemnitor of the Indemnified Claim (but in all events at 
least five (5) business days prior to the date that an answer or other 
response is due to be filed or made), which notice shall contain an 
acknowledgment in writing of the Indemnitors obligation to indemnify the 
Indemnitee with respect to such Indemnified Claim under this Section. In 
the event the Indemnitor fails or elects not to defend any such Indemnified 
Claim hereunder, the Indemnitee shall have the right to so defend such 
Indemnified Claim at the sole obligation, cost and expense of the 
Indemnitor.
 
  	(c) 	The indemnifications set forth in this Agreement shall remain 
operative and in full force and shall survive the execution and performance 
hereof and the termination or expiration of this Agreement, as well as the 
withdrawal of either Party from this Agreement for any reason.
 
14.6 	Limitation of FSMC Representations and Warranties

Except to the extent described in this Agreement, FSMC makes no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the 
condition or suitability of the SUNY POLY Tools, SUNY POLY Facilities or 
any part thereof in respect of the operations and activities of the 
Program, including but not limited to any implied warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranty of 
non-infringement of third party intellectual property rights.
 
14.7 	KINEX Assumption of Risk

Except to the extent due to the negligence, willful misconduct or violation 
of laws or this Agreement by FSMC or its Affiliates or their respective 
employees, agents or contractors, KINEX assumes all risks involved in the 
use of and the access to the Manufacturing Facility, Manufacturing 
Equipment, Headquarters and the Laboratory Equipment and shall be solely 
responsible for any and all accidents and injuries to persons and property 
which relate to KINEXs use of and access to the Manufacturing Facilities, 
Manufacturing Equipment, Corporate Headquarters and Innovation Center and 
the Laboratory Equipment in respect of the operations and activities of 
KINEX under this Agreement and KINEX agrees to accept the Manufacturing 
Facilities, the Manufacturing Equipment, the Corporate Headquarters and 
Invention Center and the Laboratory Equipment in the condition required by 
this Agreement.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
14.8 	Execution, Delivery and Performance

The Parties represent and warrant that the signing, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement does not and will not violate or create any 
material conflict with any of the terms or conditions of another agreement 
to which they are parties.
 
XV. 	ASSIGNMENT

A Party may not assign this Agreement, or any of rights afforded hereunder, 
without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld. In addition, KINEX may not allow any other 
party, person or entity access to or use of the SUNY POLY Tools or the SUNY 
POLY Facilities, except employees of KINEXs wholly owned Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates, or contractors, suppliers, or customers of KINEX, provided they 
meet the same requirements imposed on KINEX employees by FSMC. Any 
assignment made in violation of this Section shall be void ab initio.
 
XVI. 	COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, REGULATIONS AND RULES
 
16.1 	Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations of the State of New York, the United States Government and of 
any other duly constituted governmental authority having jurisdiction over 
such Party, to the extent applicable to the activities under this Agreement 
and as may be updated by the applicable governmental authority from time to 
time. The transfer of certain technical data and commodities may require a 
license from the cognizant agency of the United States Government and KINEX 
represents and warrants that it will not re-export data or commodities to 
certain foreign countries or nationals of certain foreign countries without 
prior approval of the cognizant government agency. While FOUNDATION agrees 
to cooperate in pursuing any license that the cognizant agency deems 
necessary in connection with this Agreement, FOUNDATION cannot guarantee 
that such licenses will be granted. Each Party shall do all things 
necessary (a) to obtain in a timely manner all required licenses and 
approvals related to the activities under this Agreement and (b) to comply 
with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited 
to, the regulations of the United States Government relating to the export 
and re-export of technical data and commodities, related to the activities 
under this Agreement. In addition to the foregoing, KINEX covenants that it 
will provide written certification by an authorized officer of the 
applicable corporation(s) that any export or re-export of any technical 
data and commodities related to activities under this Agreement will have a 
valid United States Department of Commerce export license or that no export 
license is required. KINEX will not integrate, promote, sell or otherwise 
transfer any technical data and/or commodities under this Agreement to any 
customer or end user for use in any military applications. The Parties 
hereby acknowledge that stricter United States Government regulations may 
apply to the export and re-export of technical data and commodities to any 
of the following countries or to the nationals of any of the following 
countries: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Cuba, Estonia, 
Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Iran, Iraq, Laos, Latvia, Libya, 
Lithuania, Macao, Moldova, Mongolia, North Korea, Peoples Republic of 
China, Romania, Russia, Sudan, Syria, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, 
Uzbekistan, and Vietnam or as updated by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
16.2 	Each Party represents and covenants that it has, or will have in 
place, established procedures and/or agreements with its employees, agents 
or others, including subcontractors, whose services the Party may require 
to fulfill the terms and conditions of this Agreement, sufficient to enable 
such employees, agents or others to comply with all the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, and covenants that it shall require these 
employees, agents or others, including subcontractors, and any third-party 
visitor or guest to the SUNY POLY Facilities, to agree to necessary and 
sufficient confidentiality and intellectual property provisions in writing. 
Each Party shall be responsible for the selection and screening of its 
employees, agents or others who will be assigned to work on the Program. 
Each Party will ensure, by management direction and if necessary by 
contract, that its employees, agents or others comply with the laws, rules 
and regulations of the State of New York, the United States Government and 
of any other duly constituted governmental authority having jurisdiction 
over such Party, as well as, the personnel, security and safety practices, 
procedures and requirements of the SUNY POLY and FSMC while such employees, 
agents or others are at the SUNY POLY Facilities. Notwithstanding anything 
in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall be 
interpreted such that any person who is not an actual employee of a Party 
or, in the case of FSMC, an actual employee of an Affiliate, shall be 
treated or construed as a common law employee of such Party.
 
XVII. 	LITIGATION/ APPLICABLE LAW/ JURISDICTION/ SERVICE
 
17.1 	The Parties shall attempt in good faith to promptly resolve any 
controversy, claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, first in 
accordance with the provisions of Section X of this Agreement, and then, if 
the provisions of Section X of this Agreement are not successful, either 
Party may bring a legal action or proceeding to resolve such controversy, 
claim or dispute only in any United States Federal District Court located 
in the State of New York or in any state court of the State of New York. 
Each Party hereby consents to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such 
courts. This Agreement shall be construed and the legal relations created 
herein between the Parties shall be determined in accordance with the 
substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict 
of laws principles thereof. In such court proceedings, the Parties agree to 
submit an appropriate protective order to the court to protect each Partys 
Confidential Information. The Parties hereby expressly waive any right to a 
jury trial for any legal action or proceeding brought under this Agreement 
and agree that any legal action or proceeding hereunder shall be tried by a 
judge without a jury.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
17.2 	All communications, notices and disclosures required or permitted by 
this Agreement shall be in writing, shall be provided to the other Party 
and shall be deemed to have been given at the earlier of the date when 
actually delivered to the other Party or when deposited in the United 
States mail, certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested, by hand delivery, or by overnight courier service with signed 
receipt, and addressed as follows, unless and until either Party notifies 
the other Party in accordance with a change of address:

In the case of FSMC:

NanoFab 300 East
257 Fuller Road
Albany, NY 12203
Attn: Walter Gerald Barber

With a copy to:

NanoFab 300 East
257 Fuller Road
Albany, New York 12203
Attn: Carl J. Kempf, III, Esq.
General Counsel

In the case of KINEX:

Flint Besecker
Chief Operating Officer
701 Ellicott Street
Buffalo, NY 14203

With a copy to:

Frank Muggia
Harris Beach PLLC
726 Exchange Street, Suite 1000
Buffalo, NY 14210
 
XVIII. 	MISCELLANEOUS
 
18.1 	Each Party agrees not to use each others names, the names of any 
staff members or employees thereof, or trademark or other designation of 
either Party hereto, in advertising, sales promotion work, or in any other 
form of publicity except with the written permission of, and to the extent 
approved by the Party whose name is to be used.
 
18.2 	If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof 
to either Party hereto or set of circumstances shall, in any jurisdiction 
and to any extent, be finally held to be invalid or unenforceable, such 
term or provision shall only be ineffective as to such jurisdiction, and 
only to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability, without 
invalidating or rendering unenforceable any other terms or provisions of 
this Agreement or under any other circumstances, so long as the remainder 
of this Agreement still effectuates the Essential Purposes. If the 
Essential Purposes cannot be effectuated, this Agreement shall be 
renegotiated and amended with the unanimous consent of the Parties or may 
be terminated without cause by either Party.
 
18.3 	
The failure of either Party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of 
this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver or deprive 
that Party of the right to insist later on
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
  	 adherence thereto, or thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to 
that term or any other term of this Agreement. To be effective, any waiver 
must be in a writing signed by an authorized representative of the Party 
granting such waiver.
 
18.4 	The headings in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience of 
reference and shall be given no effect in the construction or 
interpretation of this Agreement. The terms herein, hereof, hereunder 
and any similar terms used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement and 
all references to this Agreement refer to this instrument and the 
Exhibits hereto, as amended from time to time. The terms including or 
include shall mean including, without limitation, or include, without 
limitation.
 
18.5 	If either Party is rendered wholly or partially unable by Force 
Majeure to carry out its obligations under this Agreement, and if that 
Party gives prompt written notice, including a reasonable description of 
such Force Majeure, to the other Party, the notifying Party shall be 
excused from performance of its obligations hereunder during the 
continuance of any inability so caused, but for no longer period. Such 
cause shall be remedied by the notifying Party as far as possible with 
reasonable speed and effort, but neither Party shall have any obligation to 
settle any labor dispute. For the purposes of this Agreement, Force 
Majeure shall mean Acts of God, labor disputes, acts of public enemies or 
terrorists, war, other military conflicts, blockades, insurrections, riots, 
epidemics, quarantine restrictions, landslides, lightning, earthquake, 
fires, conflagration, storms, floods, washouts, arrests, civil 
disturbances, restraints by or actions of any governmental body (including 
export or security restrictions on information, material, personnel, 
equipment or otherwise), industry-wide shortages, industry-wide 
unavailability, and any other acts or events whatsoever, whether or not 
similar to the foregoing, not within the control of the Party claiming 
excuse from performance, which by the exercise of the diligence and 
reasonable efforts that Party shall not have been able to overcome or 
avoid. If the notifying Party cannot remedy the Force Majeure situation and 
resume satisfactory performance within ninety (90) days after delivery of 
the notice, the other Party may at their option immediately terminate this 
Agreement and such notifying Party will be treated as a Terminated Party 
under Section 11.4.
 
18.6 	Each Party shall be responsible for all tax matters, issues or 
obligations related to the employment of its employees or agents or to the 
presence of its personal property in any taxing jurisdiction.
 
18.7 	During the Term of this Agreement, neither Party shall solicit for 
employment purposes any employees of the other Party (and in the case of 
FSMC, FSMC Affiliates) who have performed or are performing Program-related 
work under this Agreement. Neither Party shall make any payment or any gift 
of more than a nominal value to any employee of a Party without the 
employing Partys prior concurrence. Neither Party shall make any 
representation that an employment relationship exists between that Party 
and an employee of another Party. The above portions of this Section shall 
not restrict (a) the ability of the Parties to conduct general 
solicitations for employment, (b) the right of any employee of a Party, on 
that employees own initiative or in response to general solicitations, to 
seek employment from the other Party, or (c) the ability of KINEX to 
solicit students employed or working at the SUNY POLY Facilities.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
18.8 	To the extent a particular right, obligation, representation, 
warranty, covenant or indemnity in this Agreement does not have a 
specifically identified survival period, then such right, obligation, 
representation, warranty, covenant and/or indemnity shall remain in effect 
beyond any expiration or termination of this Agreement and shall bind and 
inure to the benefit of the Parties, their legal representatives, 
successors and permitted assigns. Particular Sections of this Agreement 
that survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement include, but 
are not limited to, Sections VIII, XIII, and XIV.
 
18.9 	No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or 
binding upon the Parties unless in a writing signed by both of the Parties.
 
18.10 	Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, neither the 
provisions of this Agreement nor anything done pursuant to this Agreement 
shall create any partnership, any employer-employee relationship or any 
agency relationship between the Parties and the Parties are otherwise 
independent contractors relative to each other.
 
18.11 	Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate either Party to institute 
any action or suit against third-parties for infringement of any of its 
patents, or to defend any action or suit brought by a third-party that 
challenges or concerns the validity of any of its patents. Nothing in this 
Agreement shall grant either Party the right to institute any action or 
suit against third-parties for infringement of the other Partys patents. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate either Party, nor any of its 
Subsidiaries, to file any patent application, to secure any patent or 
patent rights, or to maintain any patent in force.
 
18.12 	This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, any SOW(s) 
entered into by the Parties pursuant to Section IX, and any follow on 
contracts and/or amendments entered into by the Parties pursuant to 
Sections 2.4, 2.6, 2.7, 2.8, 4.2, 4.5, or 5.1 of this Agreement, if and as 
signed by the Parties, is the complete and exclusive statement of the 
agreement of the Parties in respect of the subject matter described in this 
Agreement and shall supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, 
communications, representations, and understandings, either oral or 
written, between the Parties or any officers, agents or representatives 
thereof.
 
18.13 	This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken 
together shall constitute the same Agreement. Any signed copy of this 
Agreement made by photocopy, facsimile or PDF Adobe format shall be 
considered an original.

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this AGREEMENT FOR 
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, INNOVATION, AND COMMERCIALIZATION 
ALLIANCE to be signed and delivered by their duly authorized 
representatives as of the Effective Date.
 
FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 	  	 	  	KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By:
  	
[LOGO]
  	 	  	By: 	  	
[LOGO]
Name:
  	
Walter Gerald Barber
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Flint D. Besecker
Title:
  	
Chair
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Chief Operating Officer & Board Director
Date: 	  	May 5, 2015 	  	 	  	Date: 	  	May 5, 2015
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT A

MANUFACTURING FACILITY SPECIFICATIONS

[TO BE AGREED UPON AND INSERTED BY THE PARTIES]
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT B
MANUFACTURING EQUIPMENT

[TO BE AGREED UPON AND INSERTED BY THE PARTIES]
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT C
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS AND INNOVATION CENTER SPECIFICATIONS

[TO BE AGREED UPON AND INSERTED BY THE PARTIES]
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT D
LABORATORY EQUIPMENT

[TO BE AGREED UPON AND INSERTED BY THE PARTIES]
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT E
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND JOINT PROJECTS
 
1. 	Definitions

In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for the 
purposes of the Agreement, including this Exhibit, the following terms have 
the described meanings listed below.
 
  	a. 	Foreground Non-Patent IP

Foreground Non-Patent IP means all know-how, trade secrets, copyrights, 
rights in computer programs, documentation, and mask layout designs in 
physical and/or electronic form and other intellectual property (other than 
Foreground Patent IP) developed during Projects. Foreground Non-Patent IP 
shall not include the results of any research or project rejected by the 
Parties and undertaken by a Party or its Representatives outside the 
Projects, or the results of any other program undertaken by a Party or its 
Representatives outside the Projects.
 
  	b. 	Foreground Patent IP

Foreground Patent IP means patents and patent applications (including, but 
not limited to, design, utility, utility model, provisional, continuation, 
continuation-in-part, divisional, reexamination, reissue or extensions) in 
any country or jurisdiction of either Party or its Representatives on 
Project Inventions.
 
  	c. 	FOUNDATION Personnel

FOUNDATION Personnel shall mean the general, administrative and research 
employees and the independent contractors and consultants of FOUNDATION, 
SUNY POLY, FSMC, and the faculty, researchers, research assistants, 
teaching assistants, and students of SUNY POLY, who are or who are expected 
to be performing activities under or in respect of the Program.
 
  	d. 	Joint Projects

Joint Projects means research program(s) approved by the Parties and/or its 
Affiliates for performance jointly by the Parties in respect of the 
Program.
 
  	e. 	Program

Program means the various activities undertaken or conducted by or on 
behalf of the Parties and/or its Affiliates throughout the Term of and 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, activities involving the preparation for and the execution of 
the Projects.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
  	f. 	Project Inventions

Project Invention(s) shall mean an invention(s) conceived and/or first 
reduced to practice (within the meaning of the prevailing US Patent Laws) 
by an employee, contractor or consultant of a Party or a Partys Affiliates 
in the conduct of a Project(s).
 
  	g. 	Proprietary Technical Projects

Proprietary Technical Project(s) shall mean research programs performed 
solely for KINEX within the Program that are not Joint Projects.
 
  	h. 	Representatives

Representative(s) shall mean a Partys agents, contractors, or employees 
and employees, contractors or agents of a Partys Affiliates and, in the 
case of FOUNDATION, FOUNDATION Personnel.
 
  	i. 	US Patent Law(s)

US Patent Law(s) shall mean 35 U.S.C. Section 1 et seq., 37 C.F.R. Section 
1 et seq., and the case law interpreting such statutes, regulations and the 
rights incident thereto.
 
2. 	Treatment of SUNY POLY Facilities

The Parties recognize that, in consideration of KINEXs contributions to be 
provided pursuant to Section IV of the Agreement, and in conjunction with 
the SUNYs Cooperative Use of Equipment Policy, the SUNY POLY Facilities 
will be made available for access and use by KINEX for Proprietary 
Technical Projects in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Further, 
in recognition of each Partys respective contributions to the Program, the 
SUNY POLY Facilities used jointly by the Parties for Projects will be 
considered a joint use of facilities. FSMC warrants that the treatment of 
the SUNY POLY Facilities as a joint use of facilities, as set forth in this 
Section 2 of this Exhibit, is consistent with and facilitates the ownership 
of intellectual property created under the Program, as set forth in Section 
4 of this Exhibit.
 
3. 	Reporting of Joint Project Inventions

Representatives of the Parties performing services under the Joint Projects 
shall promptly report in a reasonably detailed written disclosure all Joint 
Project Inventions to their applicable Party. Within sixty (60) days after 
receipt, each Party shall provide a copy of such invention disclosure(s) 
received on a Joint Project Invention to the other Party. The Program 
Managers (or their mutually agreed designee) shall maintain a reasonably 
detailed written log of all Joint Project Inventions.
 
4. 	Ownership of Project Intellectual Property
 
  	(a) 	
Foreground Patent IP shall be owned by the Party or Parties whose 
Representatives are inventors of the underlying Project Invention as a 
matter of US Patent Law. The owning Party or Parties shall retain the 
entire right, title, and interest throughout the world to such Foreground 
Patent IP including, without limitation, the right to file (or not
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
  	 to file) for patents for such Project Invention(s). Any Foreground 
Patent IP on Project Inventions invented jointly by the Parties 
Representatives as a matter of U.S. Patent Law shall be jointly owned by 
the Parties and shall be licensable by each Party without accounting to or 
permission from the other Party.
 
  	(b) 	Foreground Non-Patent IP shall be owned by the Party or Parties 
whose Representatives developed such Foreground Non-Patent IP. The owning 
Party or Parties shall retain the entire right, title, and interest 
throughout the world to such Foreground Non-Patent IP including, without 
limitation, the right to register (or not to register) such Foreground 
Non-Patent IP. Any Foreground Non-Patent IP developed jointly by the 
Parties Representatives shall be jointly owned by the Parties and shall be 
licensable by each Party without accounting to or permission from the other 
such Party.
 
5. 	Patent Filing for Project Inventions

The decision on filing of patents for Project Inventions shall be made by 
the Party having an ownership interest in such Project Invention. In the 
event of a dispute, such Party shall refer the dispute in writing to the 
senior executives of the Parties, as described in Section X of this 
Agreement, who shall discuss and meet in person, if necessary, in order to 
negotiate a resolution of the dispute. If the Parties together own Project 
Inventions, they shall equitably share the cost of obtaining and 
maintaining any resulting Foreground Patent IP on such Project Inventions. 
In the event that a Party owning such a Project Invention elects not to 
seek patent protection for such Project Invention in any particular country 
or not to share equally in the expense thereof with the other owning Party, 
the other owning Party shall have the right to seek or maintain such 
protection at its own expense in such country and shall have full control 
over the prosecution and maintenance thereof even though title to any 
patent issuing therefrom shall be joint among the entities owning such 
Project Invention. Any election by a Party not to share equally in the 
expenses associated with seeking patent protection for any Project 
Invention shall not be construed as a termination event under Section XI.
 
6. 	Restriction on Confidential Information in Patent Applications

Neither Party may disclose any Confidential Information of the other Party 
in any patent application or in the prosecution of such patent application 
without the written approval of the Party owning such Confidential 
Information, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
 
7. 	Assistance for Patent Protection

Each Party, at its own expense, shall reasonably assist the other Party in 
obtaining patent protection for joint Project Inventions. Such assistance 
shall include, without limitation, provision of invention disclosure 
documents which include data and examples, causing the execution of 
assignments and other instruments and provision of such documents as the 
other Party may reasonably consider necessary or appropriate to the 
obtaining of patent protection. The Parties shall cooperate to facilitate 
compliance with the duty of disclosure requirements for patent application 
filing and/or prosecution.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
8. 	Project Invention Disclosure Review

At least on an annual basis, during the Term of this Agreement, each Party 
must report in writing to the other Party on the status of all Project 
Invention disclosures, any corresponding patent applications, and any 
corresponding issued patents for which it is responsible. For one (1) year 
after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, each Party 
must report in writing to the other Party the status of all Project 
Invention disclosures, any corresponding patent applications, and any 
corresponding issued patents for which it is responsible.
 
9. 	Activity at Other Facilities

Any intellectual property developed by KINEX in any other FOUNDATION-owned 
facilities outside of those provided for the Program and/or outside of the 
SUNY POLY Facilities is not part of this Agreement and shall be subject to 
the terms and conditions of any separate contract or agreement executed 
between KINEX and FSMC or its Affiliate.
 
10. 	No Restriction on Licensing Owned Patents

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as limiting the ability of 
either Party to grant non-exclusive licenses under any patents in which 
that Party has an ownership interest and/or otherwise has the right to 
grant licenses.
 
11. 	Joint Project Costs and Personnel

Except as otherwise expressly agreed to in this Agreement or the 
corresponding SOW, each Party shall be responsible for and shall bear (a) 
all of its own costs and expenses for a Joint Project and (b) all 
responsibility for all personnel that it uses for a Joint Project.
 
12. 	Project Approval Process

The Parties and/or their Affiliates shall define each new Joint Project by 
implementing a signed SOW, substantially in the form of the statement of 
work set forth in this Exhibit, setting forth the appropriate work items 
for carrying out each respective Joint Project. All Projects which involve 
the operation of SUNY POLY Tools by FOUNDATION Personnel will also require 
a signed SOW setting forth the appropriate work items for carrying out each 
respective Joint Project. Each SOW shall include a start date, a Joint 
Project Target End Date, a Joint Project tool description, target process 
development objectives, milestones, the expected roles of the Parties, and 
the scope of work, with all dates and time periods in each SOW being 
targets only. The Program Managers shall be responsible for coordinating 
communications and execution of actions toward achievement of the 
milestones. Each Party will use commercially reasonable efforts for the 
successful completion of milestones. The Parties may from time to time, as 
new SOWs are developed within the budget, amend Exhibit D to add such SOWs 
as necessary. Upon written acceptance by the Parties, such additional SOWs 
will become part of this Agreement and attached in this Exhibit. Failure 
however to formally amend this Exhibit has no bearing on the agreed Joint 
Project SOW becoming part of the Program and part of this Agreement.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
13. 	Statement of Work Form


STATEMENT OF WORK

This Statement of Work (SOW), effective as of                 , 20     
(SOW Effective Date), is entered into by THE RESEARCH FOUNDATION FOR THE 
STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK (FOUNDATION), a non-profit educational 
corporation existing under the laws of the State of New York, having an 
office located at 257 Fuller Road, Albany, New York 12203, acting on behalf 
of the SUNY Polytechnic Institute(SUNY POLY), and KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, 
INC. (KINEX), a Delaware corporation with its principal office located at 
701 Ellicott Street, Buffalo, NY 14203, for a project under and pursuant to 
that certain AGREEMENT FOR MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
INNOVATION, AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE (Agreement) between FOUNDATION 
and KINEX effective as of            , 2015. Capitalized terms used and not 
defined in this SOW have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

All dates and time periods in this SOW are targets only.
 
  	1. 	Start Date:
 
  	2. 	Joint Project Target End Date:
 
  	3. 	Joint Project Tool Description:
 
  	4. 	Target Process Development Objectives:
 
  	5. 	Milestones:
 
  	6. 	Expected Roles of the Parties:
 
  	7. 	Scope of Work:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this SOW to be signed 
and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the SOW 
Effective Date.
 
THE RESEARCH FOUNDATION FOR
THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Christine Waller
Title: 	  	Operations Manager
Date: 	  	            , 2015
KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
Date: 	  	            , 2015
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT F
CONFIDENTIALITY
 
1. 	Disclosure of Confidential Information
 
  	(a) 	Each Party may disclose and receive Confidential Information 
(defined below) from the other Party.
 
  	(b) 	Confidential Information shall mean all information that (i) is 
maintained in confidence by a Party (Owning Party), (ii) is disclosed to 
or obtained by the other Party in connection with and during the Term of 
this Agreement, including, but not limited to, information that relates to 
such Owning Partys or its Affiliates past, present or future research, 
development, manufacturing, or business activities relating to the 
Essential Purposes, and (iii) is information that may be exempted from 
disclosure under Articles 6 and 6-A of the New York Public Officers Law. 
Either Party (Disclosing Party) may disclose its Confidential Information 
to the other Party (Receiving Party) orally, in writing, or by other 
media or transfer of materials including graphic, photographic, recorded, 
prototype, sample, or other tangible or permanent form clearly and 
obviously marked confidential or proprietary. Electronic information 
will be adequately marked if the container is marked and if a proprietary 
legend displays when the information runs on a computer system and when the 
information is printed from its data file.
 
  	(c) 	When disclosed orally, Disclosing Party shall identify the 
information as confidential at the time of such disclosure, with subsequent 
written confirmation to Receiving Party within thirty (30) days of such 
disclosure indicating the date and type of information disclosed. All 
restrictions provided herein regarding use and/or disclosure shall apply 
during such thirty-day period.
 
2. 	Protecting confidential information
 
  	(a) 	Receiving Party will retain Disclosing Partys Confidential 
Information in confidence for three (3) years from the date of disclosure. 
Receiving Party will not disclose, disseminate, or publish any of 
Disclosing Partys Confidential Information to any person except employees 
or agents of Receiving Party on a need to know basis, except as consistent 
with the Receiving Partys obligations under Articles 6 and 6-A of the New 
York Public Officers Law, or other applicable law, regulation or legal 
process. Receiving Party shall ensure that such employees or agents shall 
be bound by terms at least as protective as the terms of this Exhibit F. 
Each Party warrants that employees or agents shall comply with the terms of 
this Exhibit F. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the 
Parties shall confer regarding the status of Confidential Information 
disclosed and/or created under this Agreement.
 
3. 	Ownership

All right, title and interest in Disclosing Partys Confidential 
Information which is furnished to the Receiving Party shall be and remain 
the exclusive property of the Disclosing Party.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
4. 	Standard of Care

The Receiving Party shall be held to the same standard of care in 
protecting Disclosing Partys Confidential Information as the Receiving 
Party normally employs to preserve and safeguard its own Confidential 
Information of similar kind, but in no event less than reasonable care.
 
5. 	Exclusions; Required Disclosure
 
  	(a) 	Receiving Partys obligations regarding Disclosing Partys 
Confidential Information shall not apply to information (a) that was 
already known to Receiving Party prior to the disclosure of such 
information to Receiving Party by Disclosing Party, (b) that is or becomes 
publicly available through no act or fault of Receiving Party, (c) that is 
rightfully received by Receiving Party from a third-party having no 
obligation of confidentiality to Disclosing Party, or (d) that is 
independently developed by Receiving Party.
 
  	(b) 	In the event FOUNDATION is required by law, regulation, or court 
order to disclose any of KINEXs Confidential Information, FOUNDATION will 
notify KINEX in writing prior to making such disclosure in order to 
facilitate KINEX seeking a protective order or other appropriate remedy 
from the appropriate legal body. In the event KINEX is required by law, 
regulation, or court order to disclose any of FOUNDATIONS Confidential 
Information, KINEX will notify FOUNDATION in writing prior to making such 
disclosure in order to facilitate FOUNDATION seeking a protective order or 
other appropriate remedy from the appropriate legal body. The Receiving 
Party further agrees that if the Disclosing Party is not successful in 
precluding the requesting legal body from reviewing the Confidential 
Information, it will furnish only that portion of the Confidential 
Information which is legally required and will exercise all reasonable 
efforts to obtain reliable assurances that confidential treatment will be 
accorded the Confidential Information.
 
  	(c) 	FOUNDATION is required to comply with the New York State Freedom of 
Information Law, Public Officers Law, Article 6 which provides for public 
access to information FOUNDATION possesses. Public Officers Law, Section 
87(2)(d) provides for exceptions to disclosures for records or portions 
thereof that are trade secrets or are submitted to an agency by a 
commercial enterprise or derived from information obtained from a 
commercial enterprise and which if disclosed would cause substantial injury 
to the competitive position of the subject enterprise. Information 
submitted to FOUNDATION that KINEX wishes to have treated as proprietary 
and confidential, should be identified and labeled as Confidential or 
Proprietary on each page at the time of disclosure. This information 
should include a written request to exempt it from disclosure, including a 
written statement of the reasons why the information should be exempted.
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
6. 	Protection of Plans and Specifications for SUNY POLY Facilities

KINEX agrees that all plans, specifications, drawings and other documents 
of any kind whatsoever, and in whatever medium expressed, prepared in 
connection with the SUNY POLY Facilities (collectively, the SUNY POLY 
Facilities Documents) and all rights therein (including trademarks, trade 
names, rights of use, copyrights and/or other proprietary rights) shall be 
and remain the sole property of FSMC and shall be treated as FSMCs 
Confidential Information (whether or not the Parties terminate or withdraw 
from this Agreement for any reason whatsoever). Except as expressly 
provided for in this Agreement, KINEX shall not use (or distribute) the 
SUNY POLY Facilities Documents without FSMCs prior written consent. This 
Section shall survive the term or termination of this Agreement.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
EXHIBIT G
KINEX INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS

KINEX shall obtain the following insurance coverage and/or limits to be 
effective upon the earlier of Manufacturing Facility Completion or KINEXs 
entry into the Manufacturing Facility:
 
  	(a) 	KINEX shall maintain (or cause to be secured and maintained) for 
the benefit of FSMC, annual comprehensive general public liability 
insurance (or a combination of commercial general liability insurance, 
self-insurance and/or umbrella liability insurance) with a combined single 
limit per occurrence of not less than $15 Million, and an aggregate 
limitation of not less than $15 Million, which insurance covers bodily 
injury, disease and death and property damage (including, to the extent 
such insurance is reasonably available therefor, environmental damage), and 
which applies to any such liabilities KINEX may have under this Agreement.
 
  	(b) 	Business Automobile Liability with limits of insurance of not less 
than $1,000,000.00 each accident.
 
  	(c) 	Workers Compensation & Employers Liability with limits of insurance 
of not less than the amount required by New York State. This policy shall 
contain an All States Endorsement.
 
  	(d) 	KINEX shall purchase and maintain for the duration of this 
agreement Property Insurance (PI) in the amount of $65 Million that 
includes coverage for the personal property/equipment of others and/or 
property that is in the care, custody and control of KINEX (other than 
Manufacturing Equipment or Laboratory Equipment). This policy should 
provide all-risk coverage and shall include coverage for the perils of 
testing, calibrating and mechanical breakdown. FOUNDATION and FSMC 
shall be named as Loss Payees on the PI policy maintained by KINEX.
 
  	(e) 	KINEX will name FOUNDATION, SUNY POLY, FRMC, FSMC, SUNY and the 
State of New York, as Additional Insureds. Purchase and maintenance of such 
insurance shall in no way be interpreted as relieving KINEX of any of its 
responsibilities or liabilities hereunder, and KINEX may carry, at its 
expense, such additional insurance amounts and coverage as it deems 
necessary. The general public liability insurance for the Additional 
Insureds shall be as broad as the coverage provided for the named insured 
party. Except due to claims caused by the negligence of the FSMC, it shall 
apply as primary and non-contributing insurance before any insurance 
maintained by the Additional Insureds. KINEX shall maintain coverage for 
itself and all Additional Insureds for the duration of the term of this 
Agreement.
 
  	(g) 	KINEX shall secure written agreement of its insurance carrier(s) 
and, upon request, copy same to FSMC and to the parties set forth in the 
Notice section, agreeing to notify FSMC in writing no less than thirty (30) 
days prior to any cancellation, termination or material modification of any 
of the foregoing policies and coverages.
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
SIGNATURE COPY
 
FSMC shall, at its sole cost, purchase and maintain for the duration of 
this Agreement Property Insurance (PI) that includes coverage for the 
Manufacturing Facility, Manufacturing Equipment and Laboratory Equipment, 
for the replacement cost thereof, including builders risk insurance on the 
Manufacturing Facility while it is under construction. This policy should 
provide all-risk coverage and shall include coverage for the perils of 
testing, calibrating and mechanical breakdown.

Each Party hereby agrees as follows:
 
  	(1) 	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, 
including Sections 14.5 and 14.7, each Party and its respective insurers 
waives all rights against the other Party, with respect to KINEX, as a 
Party, and FSMC, as the other Party, SUNY, FRMC, FOUNDATION, SUNY POLY, the 
State of New York, as well as such entities officers, directors, trustees 
and employees for recovery of damages to the extent these damages are 
covered by insurance maintained by such Party per the requirements stated 
above.
 
  	(2) 	Upon signing of this Agreement and immediately upon renewal or 
replacement of any and all insurance policies required hereunder, each 
Party shall furnish to the other Party certificates of insurance evidencing 
all coverages required hereunder, to which copies of all additional named 
insured endorsements and loss payee endorsements required hereunder, 
executed by the insurers, shall be attached. FSMC additionally shall have 
the right to review all insurance policies maintained by KINEX hereunder 
upon request.
 
40