 EX-10 11 filename11.htm
Exhibit 10.18.2

FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL

SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE AGREEMENT FOR MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, INNOVATION AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE

This SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE AGREEMENT FOR MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, INNOVATION AND COMMERCIALIZATION ALLIANCE (Second Amendment) 
is effective as of June 22, 2016, (Second Amendment Effective Date) and 
is between FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION (FSMC), a not-for-profit 
corporation existing under the laws of the State of New York, having its 
office located at 257 Fuller Road, Albany, New York 12203 and ATHENEX, INC. 
(ATHENEX), a Delaware corporation with its principal office located at 
1001 Main Street, Suite 600, Buffalo, New York 14203. Capitalized terms 
used but not defined in this Second Amendment shall have the meanings set 
forth in the Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, reference is made to that certain Agreement for Medical Technology 
Research, Development, Innovation and Commercialization Alliance, as 
amended, (Agreement) entered into by FSMC and ATHENEX and made effective 
as of May 1, 2015; and

WHEREAS, KINEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. is now known as ATHENEX, INC.; and

WHEREAS, FSMC and ATHENEX desire to amend the Agreement as more fully set 
forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of mutual promises herein contained, the 
Parties agree as follows:
 
1. 	A new Section 4.13 is added to the Agreement as follows:

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Manufacturing Facility will be 
located on approximately 12 acres at 3178 Lakeshore Drive East, Town of 
Dunkirk, Chautauqua County, New York and approximately 21.6 adjacent acres 
identified by tax map number 80.01-1-3 (collectively the Real Property). 
ATHENEX will provide the funding necessary for the timely closing of the 
purchase of the Real Property by FSMC, but in no event shall the amount of 
such funding exceed $275,000. FSMC shall own and take title to the Real 
Property at closing and, within 120 days of the Second Amendment Effective 
Date, FSMC shall reimburse ATHENEX for all funding provided for the closing 
of the purchase of the Real Property pursuant to Section 5.1(a) of the 
Agreement.
 
2. 	The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in furtherance of the 
Headquarters Buildout Completion, and with FSMCs prior request and 
authorization, Athenex provided the funding necessary for the purchase of 
certain furniture, appliances and equipment, totaling before taxes an 
expenditure of $694,788.88, the details of which are set forth in Athenex 
invoice number 2123 with supporting documentation which has been submitted 
to FSMC. The Parties expressly agree FSMC shall reimburse ATHENEX for such 
funding provided within 120 days of the Second Amendment Effective Date.
 
3. 	Unless otherwise expressly amended by this Second Amendment, the terms 
and conditions of the Agreement shall remain the same and in full force and 
effect.

This Second Amendment may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute 
but one and the same Second Amendment. Any signed copy of this Second 
Amendment made by reliable means (e.g., photocopy, facsimile, or PDF Adobe 
Format) is considered an original.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FSMC-KINEX CONFIDENTIAL
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Second Amendment to 
be signed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the 
Effective Date.
 
FORT SCHUYLER MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 	  	 	  	ATHENEX, INC.
 By:
  	
 [LOGO]
 
  	 	  	
 By:
  	
 [LOGO]
 
 Name:
  	
 Walter Gerald Barber
  	 	  	
 Name:
  	
 Teresa Bair
 Title:
  	
 Chairman
  	 	  	
 Title:
  	
 SVP Corp. Development & Legal Affairs
 Date:
  	
 6/28/16
  	 	  	
 Date:
  	
 June 22, 2016