 EX-10.5.12 2 exhibit105122017aip.htm EXHIBIT 10.5.12


EXHIBIT 10.5.12

CBL & ASSOCIATES PROPERTIES, INC.
NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 (Fiscal Year 2017)

ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN (AIP)

OVERVIEW

This Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (“AIP”) is a cash incentive 
compensation plan adopted and established by the Compensation Committee of 
the Board of Directors of CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (the “Company
”). This plan is designed and authorized for execution on an annual basis. 
The policies, objectives, purposes and guidelines of this plan are as 
defined by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, 
as designated by the Board from time to time (the “Compensation Committee
”). All awards and bonus payments described herein are entirely variable 
and at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee may be evaluated, 
modified or revoked at any time.

All awards and bonus payments hereunder are not considered standard payment 
for services and are not guaranteed. All compensation payable under this 
AIP will be paid to plan participants in their capacity as employees of CBL 
& Associates Management, Inc. (the “Management Company”), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company.

ADMINISTRATION AND ELIGIBILITY

This AIP shall be effective as of the date of its approval by the 
Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Effective 
Date”). The AIP shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the 
Board as such is presently constituted on the Effective Date and as it 
shall be constituted after the Effective Date throughout the term of this 
AIP. The Compensation Committee shall have sole authority, subject to the 
terms hereof, to set the terms pursuant to which any discretionary cash 
incentive compensation is to be paid to any participant under this AIP and 
to otherwise supervise the administration of this AIP, to interpret the 
terms and provisions hereof and to otherwise adopt, alter and repeal such 
administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the AIP as the 
Compensation Committee shall, from time to time, deem advisable.

Participation in this AIP is limited to those individuals who are or have 
been included in the group of “named executive officers” of the Company for 
the applicable annual performance period, as determined pursuant to Item 
402 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”), or any applicable successor provision. Each 
such individual is hereinafter sometimes referred to as a “Participant” and 
sometimes as a “Named Executive Officer”.

OBJECTIVES AND PURPOSE

The objective of this AIP is to incentivize the Company’s Named Executive 
Officers to produce a high level of operational performance that results in 
the creation of increased value for the Company’s shareholders.

The purposes of this AIP are to reward the Company’s Named Executive 
Officers:

         •
for achieving and exceeding specified levels of Company performance with 
respect to quantitative metrics selected by the Compensation Committee that 
it believes are important drivers in the creation of shareholder value; and

         •
for individual performance in relation to qualitative criteria established 
by the Compensation Committee for each such Named Executive Officer.


------------------------------------------------------------------------



AWARD CRITERIA

   •
Awards under this AIP are dependent upon accomplishment of the Company’s 
goals and objectives and the individual goals and objectives specified by 
the Compensation Committee. Payments will be based on performance criteria 
established for each fiscal year beginning January 1 and ending December 
31.

   •
Management may develop recommendations for consideration by the 
Compensation Committee as to the criteria to be utilized in determining 
awards to each Participant, but the Compensation Committee shall have the 
sole and final authority to decide all such matters.

   •
Overall AIP payments (aggregate) made under this plan require approval of 
the Compensation Committee.

All compensation paid or payable pursuant to awards made under this AIP for 
any annual performance period shall be subject to the terms of the 
executive compensation Clawback Policy established by the Company’s Board 
of Directors by resolution dated March 24, 2015, as such policy may be 
hereafter modified or amended.

PLAN DESIGN

Specific AIP award criteria will be established each year for each 
Participant based on goals relating to overall Company performance and 
individual performance, as follows:

   •
The Compensation Committee will set forth annually a target cash bonus 
award level (the “Target Cash Bonus Award”) for each Participant under the 
AIP.
       
   •
Target Cash Bonus Awards shall consist of two parts as set forth below: 
Quantitative Bonus Awards and Qualitative Bonus Awards.

   •
“Quantitative Bonus Awards” - the Quantitative Bonus Award component of any 
Target Cash Bonus Award that may be earned by each Participant will be 
determined based on 60% of the Target Cash Bonus Award for each Participant 
other than the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) (70% in the case of the 
CEO), to be determined by the Company’s performance relative to specified 
objective criteria established by the Compensation Committee as set forth 
herein. The actual Quantitative Bonus Award earned by a Participant may 
range from 0% to 150% of target based on actual performance.

   •
“Qualitative Bonus Awards” - the Qualitative Bonus Award component of any 
Target Cash Bonus Award to be earned by each Participant will be determined 
based on 40% of the Target Cash Bonus Award for each Participant other than 
the CEO (30% in the case of the CEO), to be determined based on the 
Compensation Committee’s subjective evaluation of such Participant’s 
performance relative to specified individual criteria established by the 
Compensation Committee for each such Participant as set forth herein.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


2017 Target Cash Bonus Award Levels

The Target Cash Bonus Awards set by the Compensation Committee for each of 
the Company’s Named Executive Officers based on performance during calendar 
year 2017 are as follows:


Named Executive Officer

Total

2017 Target Cash

Bonus Award

2017 Quantitative Bonus Target
2017 Qualitative Bonus Target

Stephen D. Lebovitz, President and

Chief Executive Officer

$945,000
$661,500
$283,500

Charles B. Lebovitz, Executive

Chairman of the Board

$787,500
$472,500
$315,000
Farzana Khaleel - Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer
$315,000
$189,000
$126,000

Augustus N. Stephas, Executive Vice President

and Chief Operating Officer

$367,500
$220,500
$147,000
Michael I. Lebovitz, Executive Vice President -
Development and Administration
$315,000
$189,000
$126,000


Determination of 2017 Quantitative Bonus Award Pursuant to Objective 
Performance Criteria

The following two objective performance metrics will be utilized in 
determining any payout with respect to the Quantitative Bonus Award portion 
of the Target Cash Bonus Award for each Participant, weighted equally such 
that each will determine 50% of the Quantitative Bonus Award portion of the 
Participant’s Target Cash Bonus Award based on these performance 
measurements:

   •
Funds From Operations (“FFO”), as adjusted, per diluted share, as reported 
in the Company’s periodic reports (Forms 10-K and 10-Q) filed with the SEC 
pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act (the “Periodic Reports”); 
and

   •
Growth in Same-Center Net Operating Income (“SC NOI Growth”), as reported 
in the Company’s Periodic Reports.

The Compensation Committee shall have the option, pursuant to its 
administrative authority over the AIP as set forth herein, to adjust each 
metric as appropriate to take into account significant unbudgeted 
transactions and unforeseen events such as acquisitions, dispositions, 
joint ventures, equity or debt issuances and other capital markets 
activities, for purposes of determining the portion of any Quantitative 
Bonus Award payment based on these metrics.

In conjunction with the establishment of the Quantitative Bonus Award 
criteria for 2017 under this AIP, the Compensation Committee will 
establish, and communicate in writing to each Participant, specific, 
quantitative targets designated as the “Threshold,” “Target” and “Maximum” 
levels with respect to each of FFO and SC NOI Growth for purposes of 
determining the Participants’ Quantitative Bonus Award payments, as 
described below.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Quantitative Bonus Award payment to be made to a Participant with 
respect to each applicable metric will depend on the Company’s achievement 
of at least the Threshold level of performance established by the 
Compensation Committee with respect to that metric. There will be no 
Quantitative Bonus Award payable to such Participant for that metric in the 
event the Company achieves less than the Threshold level for the applicable 
annual performance period. The Company’s achievement of the Threshold level 
for a designated metric will result in a payout of 50% of the proportion of 
the Quantitative Bonus Award allocated to that metric; the achievement of 
the Target level for a designated metric will result in a payout of 100% of 
the proportion of the Quantitative Bonus Award allocated to that metric; 
and the achievement of the Maximum level for a designated metric will 
result in a payout of 150% of the proportion of the Quantitative Bonus 
Award allocated to that metric. If the calculated percentage is between 
Threshold and Maximum for an annual performance period, then the earned 
percentage will be prorated. The achievement of these levels and allocated 
payments are illustrated by the following table:



Quantitative Metric
Weighting
Range
Resulting Cash Payout
FFO per diluted share, as adjusted
50%
Threshold
50%
Target
100%
Maximum
150%
SC NOI Growth
50%
Threshold
50%
Target
100%
Maximum
150%

    

Determination of 2017 Qualitative Bonus Award Pursuant to Subjective 
Performance Criteria

The Qualitative Bonus Award portion of each Participant’s Target Cash Bonus 
will be based on the Compensation Committee’s subjective evaluation of the 
Participant’s performance relative to following individual criteria 
established for 2017 for each Participant, which the Compensation Committee 
has determined are also important elements of each Participant’s 
contribution to the creation of overall shareholder value



Named

Executive Officer

2017 Individual Performance Objectives
Stephen D. Lebovitz

   (1) refining, enhancing and executing the Company’s strategic and
   business plans

   (2) effective communications and interactions with the investment
   community

   (3) regular communication and interaction with the Board

   (4) maintain and enhance key retailer, financial and other relationships

   (5) effective corporate and executive team motivation and management

Charles B. Lebovitz

   (1) effective Board management

   (2) maintain and enhance key retailer and other relationships

   (3) broad involvement and stewardship of the Company’s strategic
   objectives and business performance

   (4) support the CEO in implementing organizational changes

   (5) support the CEO in developing and executing the Company's strategic
   and business plans




------------------------------------------------------------------------



Named

Executive Officer

2017 Individual Performance Objectives
Augustus N. Stephas

   (1) improvement in overall portfolio operations including oversight of
   leasing and management as well as billings, collection, legal and other
   internal operations

   (2) successful preparation of Board materials (including pursuing
   opportunities for improvement)

   (3) expense containment and oversight of general and administrative
   costs

   (4) support and assist CEO in implementing organizational changes

   (5) support the CEO in developing and executing the Company's strategic
   and business plans

Farzana Khaleel

   (1) successful execution of the Company’s balance sheet strategy
   including maintaining/improving key credit metrics

   (2) effective management and oversight of the financial services and
   accounting divisions

   (3) maintain and improve key financial and joint venture partner
   relationships

   (4) improve interactions with the investment community through earnings
   calls, presentations and investor conferences/meetings

   (5) general involvement in improving the Company’s overall financial
   performance, i.e., NOI, FFO, including oversight of miscellaneous areas

   (6) support the CEO in implementing organizational changes as well as
   developing and executing the Company's strategic and business plans

Michael I. Lebovitz

   (1) supervision of new development and redevelopment projects (with
   particular focus on department store redevelopments) to achieve approved
   pro forma returns and scheduled openings

   (2) manage and enhance joint venture partner relationships and greater
   involvement with financial institutions and the investment community

   (3) effective oversight of the implementation of technology and
   organizational initiatives including supporting the CEO in implementing
   organizational changes

   (4) effective management and team building for the Development, Human
   Resources and Information Technology divisions of the Company and closer
   working relationships with other areas of the Company

   (5) support the CEO in developing and executing the Company's strategic
   and business plans



AIP BONUS PAYMENTS

   •
The amount of a Participant’s Target Cash Bonus Award (consisting of the 
Quantitative Bonus Awards portion and Qualitative Bonus Awards portion and 
after the determination of the amount of each such portion) that is to be 
paid to a Participant hereunder is referred to as the “AIP Bonus Payment”.

   •
All AIP Bonus Payments will be made in the year following the completion of 
the annual performance period to which the AIP Bonus Payment relates. The 
actual payment to each Participant will be made as soon as practical after 
final certification of the underlying performance results and approval of 
such payment by the Compensation Committee; provided, however, that in no 
event will any such payment be made later than March 15 of such year.

   •
To be eligible to receive an AIP Bonus Payment, a Participant must have 
been actively employed by the Management Company during the annual 
performance period with respect to which the payment relates.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


   •
Any Participant whose employment is terminated prior to the conclusion of 
the annual performance period with respect to which an applicable AIP Bonus 
Payment relates will not receive an AIP Bonus Payment, except as stipulated 
below:

         ◦
In the event of such Participant’s death or disability (defined as to the 
complete and permanent disability of the Participant as defined by the 
Company’s health insurance plans or as otherwise defined by the Company 
from time to time) prior to the end of the annual performance period, an 
otherwise eligible Participant shall receive an AIP Bonus Payment in the 
amount of such Participant’s full Target Cash Bonus Award, as determined by 
the Compensation Committee, provided a Target Cash Bonus Award was approved 
for such Participant for the applicable annual performance period.

         ◦
In the event of the termination of such Participant’s employment, other 
than voluntarily or for Cause (as defined in the Company’s 2012 Stock 
Incentive Plan), following a Change of Control (as defined in the Company’s 
2012 Stock Incentive Plan) prior to end of the annual performance period, 
an otherwise eligible Participant shall receive an AIP Bonus Payment in the 
amount of such Participant’s full Target Cash Bonus Award, as determined by 
the Compensation Committee, provided a Target Cash Bonus Award was approved 
for such Participant for the applicable annual performance period.

   •
A Named Executive Officer, who becomes such pursuant to applicable SEC 
rules after the beginning of an applicable annual incentive period, may be 
considered for a pro-rated participation in this plan in the discretion of 
the Compensation Committee.

   •
AIP Bonus Payments will be paid-out on a one-time basis as a lump-sum, in 
cash, as such are considered compensation and reportable income for all tax 
reporting purposes.

   •
AIP Bonus Payments are included in total annual earnings and will be taken 
into account under the Company’s other benefit programs in accordance with 
their terms.

This AIP can be modified or terminated at any time by the Compensation 
Committee of the Company's Board of Directors; provided, however, that the 
Compensation Committee may not modify or terminate the AIP or any award 
under the AIP in such manner so as to impair the rights of any Participant 
under an award that has been granted without the Participant's consent, 
except for an amendment made to cause the award to qualify for the 
exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
Neither participation in the AIP at any time nor the grant of an award 
under the AIP at any time shall be deemed to guarantee or infer the right 
to participate in the AIP (whether at the same level or at any other level) 
or to receive the grant of an award under the AIP at any future time. 
Furthermore, neither the AIP nor participation hereunder shall be deemed to 
establish any contract of employment or to guarantee continued employment 
with the Company for any amount of time.



