 EX-10.1 2 exhibit10_1.htm SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
 


Exhibit 10.1


SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT


THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (the or this Agreement) is made effective as of 
the 27th day of March, 2017 (the Effective Date), by and among The Clinic 
Network, an Ontario Corporation (TCN), Canadian Cannabis Corp., a 
Delaware corporation (CCC), Canada Cannabis Corp., an Ontario corporation 
(CCCSub), 2264793 Ontario Inc., an Ontario Corporation (2264793), 
Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc., an Ontario corporation (ADH) and Avonlea 
Ventures Inc., an Ontario corporation (AV).  For the purposes of this 
Agreement, each of the foregoing may be referred to individually as a 
Party or collectively as the Parties.  


RECITALS:


WHEREAS, in 2015, AV extended to CCC a loan in the amount of CAD $500,000 
in connection with CCCs proposed acquisition of Canna Farms Ltd. (the 
Canna Farms Loan);


WHEREAS, in connection with an advance of funds by AV to CCC, CCC issued a 
promissory note dated October 16, 2015 (the First Note) to AV with a 
principal amount of CAD $1,000,000, which accrues interest at 8% per annum 
and matured on May 31, 2016;


WHEREAS, in connection with a further advance of funds by AV to CCC, CCC 
issued a promissory note dated October 30, 2015 (the Second Note) to AV 
with a principal amount of CAD $500,000, which accrues interest at 10% per 
annum and matured May 31, 2016;


WHEREAS the obligations of CCC under the First Note and the Second Note 
were guaranteed by 2264793 pursuant to a guarantee dated October 16, 2015 
(the 2264793 Guarantee);


WHEREAS, in connection with a further advance of funds by AV to 2264793, 
2264793 issued a promissory note dated November 13, 2015 (the Third Note
; and collectively with the First Note, the Second Note and the Canna Farms 
Loan, the Notes) to AV with a principal amount of CAD $500,000, which 
accrues interest at 10% per annum and is repayable upon demand;


WHEREAS, the obligations of 2264793 under the Third Note were guaranteed by 
CCC pursuant to a guarantee dated November 13, 2015 (the CCC Guarantee; 
together with the 2264793 Guarantee, the Guarantees);


WHEREAS, the 2264793 Guarantee and the Third Note were secured by a third 
priority mortgage on 98-102 Rutherford Road S., Brampton, Ontario (the 
Property) granted by 2264793 to AV;


WHEREAS, 2264793 and AV entered into a contingent purchase agreement (the 
Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which AV would purchase the Property;


------------------------------------------------------------------------

WHEREAS, 2264793 and AV entered into that certain termination agreement and 
side letter regarding the Purchase Agreement dated November 19, 2015 (the 
Termination Agreement) pursuant to which a termination fee (the 
Termination Fee) was payable by 2264793 to AV in exchange for agreeing to 
terminate the Purchase Agreement upon the terms set out therein;


WHEREAS, 2264793 and AV entered into that certain assignment and assumption 
of commission agreement dated November 19, 2015 pursuant to which AV agreed 
to assume the obligations of 2264793 for certain fees and commission 
payable by 2264793 to DTZ Canada Inc., Brokerage (o/a Cushman and 
Wakefield, Brokerage) in connection with a sale of the Property;


WHEREAS, upon the sale of the Property on or about January 29, 2016, an 
aggregate amount of CAD $3,728,701.74 became payable to AV and 2264793 on 
such date, including the Termination Fee, principal and accrued interest 
under the Notes, and all other outstanding amounts, reimbursable fees and 
expenses owed to AV;


WHEREAS, following the sale of the Property, 2264793 tendered payment to AV 
in the amount of CAD $3,474,615.30, leaving an outstanding balance owed by 
CCC and 2264793 to AV in the aggregate amount of CAD $254,086.44 (the 
Initial Outstanding Balance);


WHEREAS, subsequent to the sale of the Property, AV paid on behalf of CCC 
and 2264793 other reimbursable expenses as a further loan which, when taken 
together with the Initial Outstanding Balance, totaled CAD $290,000 (the 
Updated Outstanding Balance);


WHEREAS, CCC and 2264793 subsequently informed AV that they would be unable 
to pay in full the Updated Outstanding Balance;


WHEREAS CCC, 2264793, CCCSub, and AV entered into a Forbearance Agreement 
dated March 18, 2016 (the Forbearance Agreement) in respect of the 
Updated Outstanding Balance, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 
A;


WHEREAS, pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, AV agreed to forbear in 
enforcing its rights under the Notes, the Guarantees and the Termination 
Agreement (collectively, the Forbearance Documents) in respect of the 
Outstanding Amount for a certain period (the Forbearance Period) 
determined in accordance with the Forbearance Agreement;


WHEREAS, pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, effective for the period 
commencing on  January 29, 2016 and ending on  the Forbearance Condition 
Date (as such term is defined in the Forbearance Agreement) CCC agreed to 
pay to AV interest on the Updated Outstanding Balance from time to time at 
a rate of 10% per annum;


WHEREAS, pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, CCC agreed to pay to AV a 
non-refundable forbearance fee in the amount of CAD $250,000 (the 
Forbearance Fee; together with the Updated Outstanding Balance plus any 
Additional Compensation (as defined in the Forbearance Agreement) and all 
unpaid interest accrued thereon, and all other amounts that are or may 
become due and payable under the Forbearance Agreement, the Forbearance 
Outstanding Balance);


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the Forbearance Agreement, CCC granted security 
to AV over all of its present and after-acquired property pursuant to a 
security agreement (the CCC Security Agreement) dated March 21, 2016, to 
secure the payment and performance of all obligations owing by or otherwise 
payable by CCC to AV, however or whenever incurred, including but not 
limited to the Forbearance Agreement and the Forbearance Documents;


WHEREAS, in connection with the Forbearance Agreement, CCCSub granted a 
guarantee (the CCCSub Guarantee) to AV dated March 21, 2016, providing 
for the guarantee by CCCSub of CCCs obligations under the Forbearance 
Agreement and the Forbearance Documents;


WHEREAS, in connection with the CCCSub Guarantee, CCCSub granted a security 
agreement (the CCCSub Security Agreement) to AV dated March 21, 2016, 
granting security over all of the present and after-acquired property of 
CCCSub securing the payment and performance of all obligations owing by or 
otherwise payable by CCCSub to AV, however or whenever incurred, including 
but not limited to the Forbearance Agreement and the Forbearance 
Transaction Documents;


WHEREAS, in connection with the Forbearance Agreement, CCC, CCCSub, and ADH 
entered into a consulting agreement dated March 21, 2016 (the Consulting 
Agreement; together with the Forbearance Agreement, the CCC Security 
Agreement, the CCCSub Guarantee, and the CCCSub Security Agreement, the 
Transaction Documents), pursuant to which ADH agreed to provide certain 
consulting services to CCC and CCCSub (collectively, the CCC Parties) to 
assist them in devising a plan to satisfy their obligations under the 
Forbearance Agreement, in consideration of certain payments and fees to be 
paid thereunder (the Consulting Fee);


WHEREAS, pursuant to an Assignment and Novation Agreement dated March 21, 
2016, AV assigned to ADH its interest in the Forbearance Agreement, the CCC 
Security Agreement, the CCCSub Guarantee, and the CCCSub Security 
Agreement, including all rights thereunder;


WHEREAS, CCC has failed to make payments under the Forbearance Agreement 
and Consulting Agreement when due;


WHEREAS, ADH has notified CCC of default under the Forbearance Agreement, 
termination of the Forbearance Period, acceleration of the Forbearance 
Outstanding Balance, its intent exercise all enforcement rights under the 
Transaction Documents, including foreclosure on all assets of the CCC 
Parties, and demanded immediate payment in full of the Forbearance 
Outstanding Balance, including all unpaid interest accrued thereon, and the 
accrued Consulting Fee, totaling CAD $3,635,835 (the Total Outstanding 
Balance);


WHEREAS, the CCC Parties are unable to remit payment to ADH of the Total 
Outstanding Balance;


WHEREAS, as more particularly described herein, the Parties have agreed to 
resolve and settle all claims now existing between them related to the 
Notes, the Transaction Documents and the Total Outstanding Balance, subject 
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to terminate the Notes and the Transaction 
Documents, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and obligations 
hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration (the 
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged be each party) the 
Parties agree as follows:


1
      Acknowledgments: Each party acknowledges and agrees that, as of the
      date hereof:


(a)
            the Forbearance Outstanding Amount (inclusive of accrued
            interest thereon) is an amount equal to CAD $400,000;


(b)
            the accrued and unpaid Consulting Fee (inclusive of accrued
            interest thereon) as of the date hereof is an amount equal CAD
            $1,000,000; and


(c)
            the Total Outstanding Balance as of the date hereof (inclusive
            of accrued interest thereon) is an amount equal CAD $
            2,235,835.


2
      CCC Shares: The parties agree that:


(a)
            they will assist each other and otherwise co-operate with
            counsel including, Thatcher Worth LLP and Burningham &
            Burningham Attorneys At Law, to obtain requisite order
            agreement of designations, including without limitation, any
            necessary opinions, S-1 filings or an opinion for the removal
            of the restrictive legend (the CCC Legend Removal) on the
            capital shares of CCC that ADH, AV or Michael Steele
            beneficially own (the CCC Shares).  The CCC Shares as at the
            date hereof are as follows:


      Cert #  10581,000,000 shares


Cert #  863.250,000 shares


Cert #  875.....250,000 shares


Cert # 674.. 1,000,000 shares


Cert # 864...1,000,000 shares


Cert # 882. 250,000 shares


(b)
            CCC acknowledges and agrees that it shall, if requested by ADH
            and AV, following the TCN Closing, cause its auditors, SRCO
            Auditors, to commence and complete the annual audit for the
            December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2016 fiscal years pursuant
            to engagement letters presently in place. CCC further
            acknowledges and agree that it shall, if requested by ADH and
            AV, at the TCN Closing, deliver a direction to its US counsel,
            Thrasher Worth LLC, to undertake, subject to the completion, to
            the extent necessary to satisfy the current pubic information
            requirement of Rule 144 of the Securities Act 1933, as amended
            (the


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
            Securities Act) of the 2015 and 2016 audits, assist in the
            preparation of the registration statement (on Form S-1 or
            otherwise as may be appropriate in the opinion of US Counsel,)
            under the Securities Act to register the CCC Shares, or to
            assist in the preparation and filing of the necessary periodic
            disclosures to the extent necessary to satisfy the current
            public information requirement of Rule 144 of the Securities
            Act.


(c)
            For such purposes set forth in this Section 2, and for such
            other alternative purposes as mutually agreeable to the parties
            which shall include, without limitation, fees and expenses
            associated with a public listing of CCCSub by way of a reverse
            takeover or otherwise, CCCSub shall, at the TCN Closing, direct
            that a sum of one hundred fifty thousand Canadian dollars (CAD
            $150,000.00) from the CCCSub Amount (as defined below) be held
            in trust by the Escrow Agent (the Restructuring Amount) which
            such Restructuring Amount will be released at the times and in
            the manner as determined by CCCSub and ADH by written joint
            direction to the Escrow Agent or as otherwise permitted
            according to the post-closing escrow agreement (the "
            Post-Closing Escrow Agreement").


3
      Representations and Warranties of CCC, CCCSub, 2264793 and TCN (each
      a CCAN Party)


(a)
            Each CCAN Party represents and warrants to each of AV and ADH
            as follows:


(i)
                  Authorization, Validity, and Enforceability of this
                  Agreement. Each CCAN Party has the corporate power and
                  authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
                  perform its obligations under the Deliverables to which
                  it is a party.  Each CCAN Party has taken all necessary
                  corporate action (including, without limitation,
                  obtaining approval of its shareholders if necessary) to
                  authorize its execution and delivery of this Agreement
                  and the performance of this Agreement and the
                  Deliverables to which it is a party. This Agreement has
                  been duly executed and delivered by each CCAN Party and
                  this Agreement and the Deliverables constitute the legal,
                  valid and binding obligations of each CCAN Party party
                  thereto, enforceable against it in accordance with their
                  respective terms without defence, compensation, setoff or
                  counterclaim. Each CCAN Partys execution and delivery of
                  this Agreement and the performance by each CCAN Party of
                  this Agreement and the Deliverables to which it is a
                  party do not and will not conflict with, or constitute a
                  breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in
                  the creation or imposition of any lien upon the property
                  of any CCAN Party by reason of the terms of (i) any
                  contract or agreement to which any CCAN Party is a party
                  or which is binding on it, (ii) any requirement of law
                  applicable to any CCAN Party, or (iii) the certificate,
                  memorandum or articles of incorporation or amalgamation,
                  bylaws or other of any CCAN Party.


(ii)
                  Governmental Authorization. No approval, consent,
                  exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice
                  to, or filing with, any


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                  governmental authority or other person is necessary or
                  required in connection with the execution, delivery or
                  performance by, or enforcement against any CCAN Party of
                  this Agreement or the Deliverables.


(b)
            TCN represents and warrants to each of AV and ADH that (i) the
            jurisdiction of organization and the location of the chief
            executive office of TCN is 5025 Orbiter Drive, Building 1,
            Suite 401, Mississauga, Ontario L4W 4Y5; and (ii) the only
            jurisdiction in which TCN has assets or carries on business is
            Ontario.


Each of the foregoing representations and warranties shall be deemed to be 
made on the date of this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated by 
each CCAN Party on the date of each Closing (as defined below).


4
      Escrow Agreement.


(a)
            The Parties agree to appoint Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP
            as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent) to receive, hold and
            administer the Additional Payment and the Deliverables (each as
            defined below) pursuant to and in accordance with the Escrow
            Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Escrow Agreement
            ).


(b)
            Provided the executed Termination and Release Agreement and the
            items set forth in Section 5(a) remain held in escrow pursuant
            to the Escrow Agreement, neither  ADH nor AV (collectively, the 
            Avonlea Parties) shall take any action to enforce, make
            demand under or otherwise exercise any rights under the
            Transaction Documents or the Notes until on or prior to the
            first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Outside Date)
            (the Forbearance Period). Notwithstanding the foregoing, but
            without prejudice to any other right of the  Avonlea Parties in
            this Agreement, the Avonlea Parties will not be bound to
            forbear and the Avonlea Parties will be entitled in their
            absolute discretion to terminate the Forbearance Period for any
            reason whatsoever.


5
      TCN Closing


(a)
            Upon execution of this Agreement, the Parties shall deliver to
            the Escrow Agent the following, in form and substance
            satisfactory to ADH in its sole discretion with each such item
            subject to the waiver or deferral by ADH, in its sole
            discretion, with such items to be held and released by the
            Escrow Agent in accordance with the Escrow Agreement:


(i)
                  an assignment duly executed by CCCSub  pursuant to which
                  CCCSub agrees to assign, transfer and deliver to ADH or
                  its nominee certain assets of TCN pursuant to an
                  assignment in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the 
                  TCN Assignment) together will all necessary ancillary
                  documentation in connection therewith;  


(ii)
                  a termination and release agreement duly executed by the
                  Parties in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the 
                  Termination and Release


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                  Agreement), pursuant to which ADH and AV (i) terminate
                  the Notes and Transaction Documents, subject to certain
                  provisions therein which will expressly survive the
                  termination of the Notes and the Transaction Documents,
                  (ii) acknowledge that the Total Outstanding Balance is
                  satisfied in full, and (iii) release all claims that
                  either may have against any one or more of CCC, CCCSub
                  and 2264793 in connection with those arising out of the
                  Notes, Transaction Documents and Total Outstanding
                  Balance, subject to the exclusion of any such claims
                  arising out of or related to provisions which expressly
                  survive the termination of the Notes and the Transaction
                  Documents;


(iii)
                  the CCCSub Direction to pay duly executed by CCCSub;


(iv)
                  the ADH Direction to pay duly executed by ADH, if deemed
                  necessary;


(v)
                  a restrictive covenant agreement duly executed by the
                  Parties;


(vi)
                  a legal opinion of CCCSubs legal counsel, addressed to
                  ADH, relating to the existence and capacity of CCCSub,
                  the due authorization, execution and delivery of the
                  Deliverables by CCCSub, to which CCCSub is a party, the
                  existence of all requisite approvals, non-conflict with
                  laws, enforceability and such other matters as may be
                  reasonably requested by ADH or its legal counsel;


(vii)
                  a legal opinion of TCNs legal counsel, addressed to ADH,
                  relating to the existence and capacity of TCN, the due
                  authorization, execution and delivery of the Deliverables
                  by TCN, to which TCN is a party, the existence of all
                  requisite approvals, non-conflict with laws, share
                  capital of TCN, enforceability and such other matters as
                  may reasonably be requested by ADH or its legal counsel;
                  and


(viii)
                  the Escrow Agreement duly executed by the Parties


(ix)
                  the Post-Closing Escrow Agreement duly executed by ADH
                  and CCCSub;


            collectively, the Deliverables.


(b)
            On or prior to the Outside Date, ADH or its nominee shall have
            the option, in its sole discretion, to deliver to the Escrow
            Agent a total of CAD $1,500,000 the (Additional Payment) in
            consideration for the TCN Assignment.


(c)
            Upon receipt by the Escrow Agent of all items set forth in
            Section 5(a), and the Additional Payment, ADH shall instruct
            the Escrow Agent:


(i)
                  to release from escrow to ADH or its nominee the
                  documents set forth in Section 5(a) (excluding the
                  Termination and Release Agreement and the Escrow
                  Agreement);


(ii)
           to release from escrow and disburse to ADH CAD $500,000 (the 
           ADH Amount) of the Additional Payment (the ADH CAD Payment),



------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(iii)
                  to release from escrow and disburse to CCCSub CAD
                  $1,000,000 of the Additional Payment (the CCCSub Amount
                  ), subject to a direction to pay given to the Escrow
                  Agent by CCCSub (the CCCSub Direction to Pay) pursuant
                  to which the Escrow Agent shall disburse


(A)
                        to the Escrow Agent:


1)
                              CAD $60,000 of the CCCSub Amount, in partial
                              satisfaction of amounts owing to it in
                              respect of legal fees and disbursements
                              incurred in connection with the transactions
                              contemplated in the Recitals hereto;


2)
                              CAD $39,000 of the CCCSub Amount (the 
                              Remaining Fees) in satisfaction of amounts
                              owing to it by CCC, CCCSub and 2264793
                              (collectively, the CCC Group) in respect of
                              legal services provided to the CCC Group;


3)
                              the Settlement Costs to be deducted from the
                              CCCSub Amount in satisfaction of amounts
                              owing to it in respect of costs and expenses
                              incurred pursuant to Section 10 of this
                              Agreement;


4)
                              such other amount, as determined by the
                              Escrow Agent at the time of the TCN Closing,
                              to be deducted from the CCCSub Amount in
                              partial satisfaction of all amounts owing to
                              the Escrow Agent by the CCC Group, AV or ADH,
                              as at the date of the TCN Closing, or
                              incurred in connection therewith (
                              Outstanding Fees);


5)
                              $119,381.43 of the CCCSub Amount (the 
                              Dispute Amount) to be deposited with the
                              Escrow Agent pursuant to the Post-Closing
                              Escrow Agreement which such funds shall be
                              released in the manner set forth in such
                              Post-Closing Escrow Agreement for the purpose
                              of settling the claims among Darryl W.
                              Tempest and 2435869 Ontario Inc.
                              (collectively, the Plaintiffs) and TCN,
                              CCC, CCCSub, 1749945 Ontario Inc. c.o.b 
                              Healthnet Enterprises, Benjamin Ward, Douglas
                              Scott Keevil, Lee Simpson, John Esterireiro,
                              Silvio Serrano, Peter Strang, Richard
                              Wachsberg and Kim Wei (collectively the 
                              Defendants) as described in the minutes of
                              settlement duly executed by the Plaintiffs
                              and Defendants and filed with the Ontario 
                              Superior Court of Justice; and


6)
                              the Restructuring Amount to be deposited with
                              the Escrow Agent pursuant to the Post-Closing
                              Escrow Agreement which such funds shall be
                              released in the manner set forth in such
                              Post-Closing Escrow Agreement for the
                              purposes set forth in Section 2 hereof,


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(B)
                        to AV, CAD $10,000 of the CCCSub Amount in
                        satisfaction of amounts owing to it in respect to
                        costs and expenses incurred pursuant to the CCC
                        Legend Removal; and


(C)
                        to Beadle Raven LLP CAD $20,000 of the CCCSub
                        Amount, in partial satisfaction of amounts owing to
                        it in respect of legal fees and disbursements
                        incurred in connection with prior transactions
                        involving CCCSub and TCN.


(d)
            Upon release by the Escrow Agent of the items set forth in
            Section 5(c),  the TCN closing shall have occurred (the TCN
            Closing).


6
      PubCo Closing


(a)
            Upon CCCs closing of (i) the private placement pursuant to a
            letter agreement dated December 6, 2016 among J. Proust &
            Associates Inc., Michael Steele, ADH, TCN, CCCSub, and CCC
            attached hereto as Exhibit E (the PubCo Agreement); or (ii)
            such other similar financing, listing transaction or milestone
            satisfactory to ADH in its sole discretion (a PubCo
            Arrangement), ADH or its nominee shall instruct the Escrow
            Agent to release from escrow to CCC, CCCSub and 2264793, the
            Termination and Release Agreement.


(b)
            Upon release by the Escrow Agent of the Termination and Release
            Agreement, the termination and release shall have occurred (the 
            PubCo Closing).


7
      Closings


(a)
            The TCN Closing and the PubCo Closing are distinct and separate
            from each other. The TCN Closing, or the failure thereof to
            occur, shall not derogate from the PubCo Closing. The PubCo
            Closing, or the failure thereof to occur, shall not derogate
            from the TCN Closing.


(b)
            If neither the TCN Closing nor the PubCo Closing has occurred
            by the Outside Date, this Agreement shall terminate and the
            Parties shall instruct the Escrow Agent to break escrow and
            return to the respective Parties any items deposited by that
            Party then held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow
            Agreement.  


(c)
            In the event that the TCN Closing has occurred and the PubCo
            Closing has not occurred prior to the Outside Date, the Parties
            agree that the Total Outstanding Balance shall be deemed to
            have been reduced by the ADH CAD Payment, with the ADH CAD
            Payment applied first to the interest under the Notes on a pro
            rata basis, secondly to the outstanding principal under the
            Notes on a pro rata basis,


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
            thirdly to any other amount due and payable under or pursuant
            to the Forbearance Agreement, and fourthly to any amount due
            under the Consulting Agreement.


8
      TCN Documents TCN shall, as a condition precedent to the
      effectiveness of this Agreement, deliver each of the following to
      ADH, in form and substance satisfactory to ADH in its sole
      discretion:


(a)
            a grid promissory note (the Grid Note) granted by TCN to ADH,
            duly executed by TCN, bearing interest at 10% per annum, with
            an initial outstanding loan amount equal to $50,000, being the
            amount previously advanced by ADH to, or for the account of,
            TCN and upon the occurrence of the TCN Closing and/or the PubCo
            Closing (as applicable), ADH shall record in the Grid Note, the
            Settlement Costs, such recording to evidence an advance under
            the Grid Note;


(b)
            a general security agreement (the TCN GSA) granted by TCN to
            ADH, duly executed by TCN, granting security over all present
            and after-acquired property of TCN;


(c)
            an officers certificate from TCN certifying constating
            documents and by-laws, a resolution of the Board of Directors
            of TCN approving this Agreement and the transactions
            contemplated hereby, the Grid Note, the TCN GSA and the TCN
            Assignment (collectively, the TCN Documents) in connection
            with the TCN Closing and providing a certificate of incumbency,
            and as to other matters customarily provided for therein and as
            required by ADH;


(d)
            a resolution of the sole shareholder of TCN, duly certified by
            an officer of TCN, approving the TCN Assignment and the other
            transactions contemplated by this Agreement;


(e)
            a legal opinion of TCNs legal counsel, addressed to ADH,
            relating to the existence and capacity of TCN, the due
            authorization, execution and delivery of the TCN Documents by
            TCN, the existence of all requisite approvals, non-conflict
            with laws, enforceability and such other matters as may be
            reasonably requested by ADH or its legal counsel; and


(f)
            such other documents, instruments, information, certificates
            and assurances as ADH may reasonably request.


9
      CCCSub Documents CCCsub shall, as a condition precedent to the
      effectiveness of this Agreement, deliver to  ADH, in form and
      substance satisfactory to ADH in its sole discretion:


(a)
            an officers certificate from CCCSub certifying constating
            documents and by-laws; and a resolution of the Board of
            Directors of CCCSub approving the transactions contemplated by
            this Agreement, providing a certificate of incumbency, and as
            to other matters customarily provided for therein and as
            required by ADH;


(b)
            a resolution of the sole Shareholder of CCCSub approving the
            transactions contemplated by this Agreement, duly certified by
            an officer of CCCSub;


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)
             a legal opinion of CCCSubs legal counsel, addressed to ADH,
            relating to the existence and capacity of CCCSub, the due
            authorization, execution and delivery of the Settlement
            Agreement, the existence of all requisite approvals,
            non-conflicts with laws and such other matters as may be
            reasonably requested by ADH or its legal counsel; and


(d)
            such other documents, instruments, information, certificates
            and assurances as ADH may reasonably request.


10
      Payment of Costs and Expenses TCN absolutely and unconditionally
      agrees to pay to ADH, on demand by ADH at any time and as often as
      the occasion therefore may require, whether or not all or any of the
      transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated: all
      reasonable fees and disbursements of legal counsel engaged by ADH in
      connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery,
      administration or enforcement of this Agreement, the TCN Documents,
      the Transaction Documents or the CCC Legend Removal any agreements or
      documents delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated
      hereby and thereby and reasonable expenses which shall at any time be
      incurred or sustained by ADH or any of its directors, officers,
      employees or agents as a consequence or in any way in connection with
      the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, administration or
      enforcement of this Agreement, the TCN Documents, the Transaction
      Documents or the CCC Legend Removal and any agreements prepared,
      negotiated, executed or delivered in connection with the transactions
      contemplated hereby (collectively, the Settlement Costs), such
      Settlement Costs to be recorded by ADH at any time and as often as
      the occasion may require on the Grid Note, each such recording to
      evidence an advance under the Grid Note.


11
      TCN Change in Jurisdictions TCN shall promptly give notice to each of
      ADH and AV of any proposed change in (a) the location of its chief
      executive office from the province in which it is currently located;
      and (b) any proposed change to any relevant jurisdictions where it
      has assets or carries on business.


12
      Notices.  All written notices or other written communications
      required or contemplated under this Agreement shall be deemed
      properly given when provided to the Party entitled thereto by
      personal delivery, by registered or certified mail, by overnight
      courier of national reputation,  by facsimile (with confirmation of
      transmission) or by electronic mail, in each case delivered or sent
      to the party to whom notice is being given to the business address,
      facsimile number or email address set forth below or, as to each
      party, at such other business address, facsimile number, or email
      address as it may hereafter designate in writing to the other party
      pursuant to the terms of this Section:


If to ADH or AV:
      Avonlea-Drewry Holdings Inc.
      Avonlea Ventures Inc.
      Attn: Michael Steele
      15466 The Gore Road
      Caledon, Ontario L7C 3E5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
      Facsimile No.: (905) 880-7866
      Email: steeleconsult@aol.com


with a copy to:
      Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP
      3700 Devon Tower, 400 Third Avenue S.W.
      Calgary, Alberta T2P 4H2
                        Attn: James OSullivan
                        Facsimile No.: (403)267-9550
                        Email: james.osullivan@nortonrosefulbright.com


If to CCC:
      Canadian Cannabis Corp.
      Attn:  Scott Keevil, CEO
      2368 Lakeshore Road West, Suite 205
      Oakville, Ontario L6L 1H5
      Facsimile No.: (416) 596-0907
Email:
      scott.kevil@gmail.com


with a copy to:
      Grady Thrasher, Esq.
      Thrasher Worth LLC
      Five Concourse Parkway, Suite 3200
      Atlanta, Georgia 30328
      Facsimile No.: (404) 662-2391
      Email: gthrasher@thrasherworth.com


If to CCCSub:
      Canada Cannabis Corp.
      Attn: Scott Keevil, CEO
      2368 Lakeshore Road West, Suite 205
      Oakville, Ontario L6L 1H5
      Facsimile No.: (416) 596-0907
Email:
      scott.kevil@gmail.com


with a copy to:
      William Jones  
      Barrister & Solicitor
      Suite 2702  401 Bay Street
      Toronto, Ontario M5H 2Y4
      Facsimile No.: (416) 596-0907
      Email: whjones@williamjones.ca


If to TCN:
      The Clinic Network
      Attn: Kim Wei
      5025 Orbiter Drive - Building 1 - Suite 401
                        Mississauga, Ontario L4W 4Y5
      Facsimile No.: (905) 233-2421
      Email: kim@theclinicnetwork.ca


13
      New or Different Facts; No Effect.  Except as provided herein, this
      Agreement shall be, and remain, in effect despite any alleged breach
      of this Agreement or the discovery or existence


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
      of any new or additional fact, or any fact different from that which
      either Party now knows or believes to be true. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as, or
      constitute, a release of any Party's rights to enforce the terms of
      this Agreement.


14
      Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including all exhibits and
      attachments hereto, constitutes the entire agreement by and among the
      Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, supersedes all
      oral agreements, undertakings and understandings among the Parties
      with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be amended,
      modified or terminated in any respect except by an instrument in
      writing executed by all Parties.


15
      Governing Law and Venue.  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been
      entered into and shall be interpreted and construed in accordance
      with the laws of the Province of Ontario without regard to its
      conflict of laws principles.  The Parties hereby attorn to the
      exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario for
      the resolution of any and all claims arising out of or in connection
      with this Settlement Agreement.


16
      Confidentiality.  Notwithstanding anything else, the terms and
      provisions of this Agreement shall be treated by the Parties as
      strictly confidential, and no Party shall disclose the same to any
      person or entity other than their respective regulators, management
      employees, partners, principles, attorneys, accountants, appropriate
      taxing and governmental authorities or as otherwise required by law.


17
      Further Documents and Actions.  Each Party shall execute such further
      documents and will perform such further acts as may be necessary or
      appropriate to effectuate this Agreement or its purposes.


18
      Assignment. This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder
      will not be assignable, in whole or in part, by the Parties
      (excluding ADH and AV) without the prior written consent of ADH. Each
      of ADH and AV shall have the right to assign its rights and
      obligations hereunder to any person in its sole discretion.


19
      Binding Nature.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure
      to the benefit of the Parties and their respective officers,
      directors, employees, agents, subsidiaries, parent corporations,
      affiliates, predecessors, successors, and assigns.


20
      Severability.  In the event any provision of this Agreement is
      determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
      jurisdiction, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full
      force and effect.


21
      General.  Each Party to this Agreement acknowledges that it has had
      an opportunity to review this Agreement with legal counsel regarding
      the meaning of this Agreement, the obligations imposed by this
      Agreement and the legal implications of this Agreement, as well as
      the advisability of entering into this Agreement.  Each Party
      acknowledges that it is executing this Agreement voluntarily and of
      its own free will, without any coercion or duress, and that this
      Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binging agreement,
      enforceable in accordance to its terms.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
22
      Counterparts and Signatures.  This Agreement may be executed in
      multiple counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered
      shall be deemed an original, but all of such counterparts together
      shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile signatures or
      signatures submitted electronically shall constitute original
      signatures for purposes of this Agreement.


[signatures on following page]


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have signed this Agreement, 
or caused it to be signed by their duly authorized representatives, as of 
the Effective Date.


CANADIAN CANNABIS CORP.,
a Delaware corporation


By: _/s/ Scott Keevil_________________

Printed Name: _Scott Keevil______________

Title: __Director_______________________

AVONLEA-DREWRY HOLDINGS INC.,
an Ontario corporation


By: ___/s/ Michael Steele________________

Printed Name: _Michael Steele_____________

Title: ________________________________




CANADA CANNABIS CORP.,
an Ontario corporation


By: _/s/ Scott Keevil_________________

Printed Name: _Scott Keevil______________

Title: __Director_______________________

AVONLEA VENTURES INC.,
an Ontario corporation


By: ___/s/ Michael Steele________________

Printed Name: _Michael Steele_____________

Title: ________________________________




2264793 ONTARIO INC.,
an Ontario corporation


By: _/s/ Scott Keevil_________________

Printed Name: _Scott Keevil______________

Title: __Director_______________________

THE CLINIC NETWORK,
an Ontario corporation


By: _____/s/ Kim Wei__________________

Printed Name: ___Kim Wei_______________

Title: __Managing Director_______________





[signature page to the Settlement Agreement]





------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A


FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT


(attached)







------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT B


ESCROW AGREEMENT







------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT C


TCN ASSIGNMENT








------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT D


TERMINATION AND RELEASE








------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT E


PUBCO AGREEMENT


(attached)






