 EX-10.1 2 d304575dex101.htm FORM OF CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1

CSX CORPORATION
FORM OF CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT by and between CSX CORPORATION, a Virginia corporation (the 
Company), and                    (the Executive), dated as of the      
day of February, 2017.

The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that it 
is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to ensure that 
the Company will have the continued dedication of the Executive, 
notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change of 
Control (as defined below) of the Company. The Board believes it is 
imperative to diminish the inevitable distraction of the Executive by 
virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by a pending or 
threatened Change of Control and to encourage the Executives full 
attention and dedication to the Company currently and in the event of any 
threatened or pending Change of Control, and to provide the Executive with 
compensation and benefits arrangements upon a Change of Control which 
ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of the Executive 
will be satisfied and which are competitive with those of other 
corporations. To accomplish these objectives, the Board has caused the 
Company to enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1. Certain Definitions.

a. Effective Date means the first date during the Term (as defined in 
Section 1(b)) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2) 
occurs. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if a 
Change of Control occurs, and (i) the Executives employment with the 
Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or (ii) the Executive 
ceases to be an officer of the Company in either case prior to the date on 
which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by 
the Executive that such termination of employment or cessation of status as 
an officer (i) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps 
reasonably calculated to effect such Change of Control or (ii) otherwise 
arose in connection with or anticipation of such Change of Control, then, 
in each such case, for all purposes of this Agreement Effective Date 
shall mean the date immediately prior to the date of such termination of 
employment or cessation of status as an officer.

b. The Term means the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on 
the earlier to occur of (i) the 15th day of May, 2020, (ii) retirement or 
(iii) termination of employment absent a Change of Control; provided, 
however, that the Term shall end on an earlier date if the Company gives 
the Executive at least one years advance written notice thereof.

2. Change of Control. For the purpose of this Agreement, a Change of 
Control shall mean:

a. Stock Acquisition. The acquisition by any individual, entity or group 
(within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) (a Person) of 
beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13(d)-3 promulgated under 
the Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares 
of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock) or 
(ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of 
the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the 
Outstanding Company Voting Securities); provided, however, that for 
purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not 
constitute a Change of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the 
Company, (ii) any

------------------------------------------------------------------------
acquisition by the Company, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit 
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any 
corporation controlled by the Company or (iv) any acquisition by any 
corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i), (ii) 
and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2; or

b. Board Composition. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute 
the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute at 
least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual 
becoming a director subsequent to such date whose election, or nomination 
for election by the Companys shareholders, was approved by a vote of at 
least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall 
be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent 
Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial 
assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election 
contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other 
actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of 
a Person other than the Board; or

c. Business Combination. Consummation of a reorganization, merger or 
consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Company or its principal subsidiary (a Business 
Combination) that is not subject, as a matter of law or contract, to 
approval by the Surface Transportation Board or any successor agency or 
regulatory body having jurisdiction over such transactions (the Agency), 
in each case, unless, following such Business Combination:

(i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the 
beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock 
and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such 
Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 
50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the 
combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to 
vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the 
corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without 
limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the 
Company or its principal subsidiary or all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company or its principal subsidiary either directly or 
through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as 
their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the 
Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, 
as the case may be;

(ii) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business 
Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company 
or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially 
owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the then 
outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such 
Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding 
voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such 
ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and

(iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the 
corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the 
Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or 
of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or

d. Regulated Business Combination. Consummation of a Business Combination 
that is subject, as a matter of law or contract, to approval by the Agency 
(a Regulated Business Combination) unless such Business Combination 
complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 
2; or
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
e. Liquidation or Dissolution. Consummation of a complete liquidation or 
dissolution of the Company or its principal subsidiary approved by the 
Companys shareholders.

If any Change of Control is a Regulated Business Combination, but its 
implementation involves another Change of Control that is not a Regulated 
Business Combination within the meaning of this Section 2, then for all 
purposes of this Agreement, such Change of Control shall not be deemed to 
be a Regulated Business Combination, the provisions governing a Regulated 
Business Combination shall not apply, and the provisions governing such 
other Change in Control shall apply.

3. Employment Period.

a. Generally. Subject to Section 3(b), the Company hereby agrees to 
continue the Executive in its employ, and the Executive hereby agrees to 
remain in the employ of the Company subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending 
on the third anniversary of such date (the Employment Period).

b. Regulated Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
case of a Change of Control that is a Regulated Business Combination, then 
for all purposes of this Agreement, the Employment Period shall mean the 
longer of (i) the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the 
third anniversary of such date or (ii) the period commencing on the 
Effective Date and ending twelve months following the effective date of a 
final decision by the Agency on the proposed Regulated Business Combination 
(Final Regulatory Action), provided, however, that (x) if the Final 
Regulatory Action is a denial of the Regulated Business Combination then 
for all purposes of this Agreement the Employment Period shall end upon 
the sixtieth (60th) day following such Final Regulatory Action and (y) if 
the Final Regulatory Action is an approval of the Regulated Business 
Combination, but the Regulated Business Combination is not consummated by 
the first anniversary of the Final Regulatory Action, then for all purposes 
of this Agreement the Employment Period shall end upon such first 
anniversary, of the Final Regulatory Action.

4. Terms of Employment.

a. Position and Duties. (i) During the Employment Period: (A) the 
Executives position (including status, offices, titles and reporting 
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least 
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those 
held, exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period 
immediately preceding the Effective Date, and (B) the Executives services 
shall be performed at the location where the Executive was employed 
immediately preceding the Effective Date or any office or location less 
than 35 miles from such location.

(ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation 
and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, Executive agrees during 
normal business hours to diligently discharge the business and affairs of 
the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities 
assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executives reasonable best 
efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. During 
the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the 
Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or 
committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at 
educational institutions and (C) manage personal investments, so long as 
such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the 
Executives responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance 
with this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the 
extent that any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior 
to the Effective Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the 
conduct of activities similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to 
the Effective
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of 
the Executives responsibilities to the Company.

b. Compensation. (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the 
Executive shall receive an annual base salary (Annual Base Salary), which 
shall be paid at a monthly rate, at least equal to twelve times the highest 
monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base salary which has 
been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company and its 
affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period immediately 
preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the 
Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12 
months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the 
Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual 
Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the 
Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced 
after any such increase, and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized in 
this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased. 
Notwithstanding the preceding, an across-the-board reduction in Annual Base 
Salary applicable to all similarly situated peer executives implemented out 
of extreme business necessity and unrelated to a contemplated or 
anticipated Change of Control shall not be a violation of this section. As 
used in this Agreement, the term affiliated companies shall include any 
company controlled by, controlling or under common control with the 
Company.

(ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to Annual Base Salary, the Executive shall 
be eligible to earn, for each calendar year ending during the Employment 
Period, an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus) in cash, based on Company 
performance levels, not less favorable (in terms both of dollar amounts and 
difficulty of achievement) to the Executive than the Executives 
opportunity to earn such annual cash bonuses under the Companys annual 
incentive plans, or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor 
plan, for the last three full calendar years prior to the Effective Date 
(annualized in the event that the Executive was not employed by the Company 
for the whole of such calendar year). Notwithstanding the preceding, an 
across-the-board reduction of minimum, target and maximum Annual Bonus 
opportunities applicable to all similarly situated peer executives 
implemented out of extreme business necessity and unrelated to a 
contemplated or anticipated Change of Control shall not be a violation of 
this section. Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than March 15 
of the calendar year next following the calendar year for which the Annual 
Bonus is awarded, unless deferred pursuant to the terms of a deferred 
compensation plan maintained by the Company.

(iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment 
Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, 
savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable 
generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated 
companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and 
programs provide the Executive with incentive opportunities (measured with 
respect to both regular and special incentive opportunities, to the extent, 
if any, that such distinction is applicable), savings opportunities and 
retirement benefit opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the 
aggregate, than the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its 
affiliated companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, 
policies and programs as in effect at any time during the 120-day period 
immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more favorable to the 
Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to 
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

(iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the Executive 
and/or the Executives family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for 
participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit 
plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its 
affiliated companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, 
dental, disability, employee life, group life, accidental
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent 
applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its 
affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans practices, policies 
and programs provide the Executive with benefits which are less favorable, 
in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans, practices, 
policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time during the 
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more 
favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the 
Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated 
companies.

(v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled 
to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the 
Executive in carrying out Executives duties hereunder, in accordance with 
the policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its affiliated 
companies in effect and applicable to the Executive at any time during the 
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more 
favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter 
with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated 
companies. Any required reimbursements shall be paid to Executive no later 
than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which 
the underlying expense was incurred by the Executive, and the amount of 
expenses eligible for reimbursement during any year shall not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other year.

(vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be 
entitled to fringe benefits, in accordance with the most favorable plans, 
practices, programs and policies of the Company and its affiliated 
companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period 
immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the 
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to 
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

(vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period, the Executive 
shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with furnishings 
and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and other 
assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided 
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time 
during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if 
more favorable to the Executive, as provided generally at any time 
thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its 
affiliated companies.

(viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be 
entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, 
policies, programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated 
companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day 
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to 
the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect 
to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

Notwithstanding Section 4(b)(iii)-(viii), benefits payable under a plan, 
practice, policy, or program that has been amended to reduce benefits or 
terminated within the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective 
Date for reasons unrelated to affecting benefits due hereunder shall not be 
taken into account under such provisions. In the case of a plan, practice, 
policy or program amended to reduce benefits, only the higher pre-amendment 
benefit shall be disregarded.

5. Termination of Employment.

a. Death or Disability. The Executives employment shall terminate 
automatically upon the Executives death during the Employment Period. If 
the Company determines in good
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the 
Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth 
below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with 
Section 13(c) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate the 
Executives employment. In such event, the Executives employment with the 
Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such 
notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date), provided that, 
within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have 
returned to full-time performance of the Executives duties. For purposes 
of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the absence of the Executive 
from the Executives duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 
consecutive business days as a result of the Executives inability to 
engage in any substantial gainful activity due to mental or physical 
illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician 
selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or 
the Executives legal representative. Executive agrees to cooperate with 
the Company and the selected physician so that such determination can be 
made.

b. Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment during the 
Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall 
mean:

(i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform 
substantially the Executives duties with the Company or one of its 
affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to 
physical or mental illness), after a written demand for substantial 
performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board [or the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company], which specifically identifies the manner 
in which the Board [or the Chief Executive Officer] believes that the 
Executive has not substantially performed the Executives duties,

(ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or gross 
misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, 
or

(iii) the violation of any Company policy by Executive, or the commission 
by Executive of an act involving moral turpitude, in each case, that 
adversely affects the reputation or business of the Company or any 
affiliate.

For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of 
the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted 
to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that 
the Executives action or omission was in the best interests of the 
Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to 
a resolution duly adopted by the Board or [upon the instructions of the 
Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company or] based upon 
the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be 
done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best 
interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the Executive 
shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been 
delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the 
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership 
of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose 
(after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is 
given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), 
finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is 
guilty of the conduct described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and 
specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

c. Good Reason. The Executives employment may be terminated by the 
Executive during the Employment Period for Good Reason. For purposes of 
this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of Good Reason made by 
the Executive shall be conclusive. For purposes of this Agreement, Good 
Reason shall mean:
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in any 
respect with the Executives position (including status, offices, titles 
and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as 
contemplated by Section 4(a) of this Agreement, or any other diminution in 
such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this 
purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad 
faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice 
thereof given by the Executive;

(ii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of 
Section 4(b) of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and 
inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the 
Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive;

(iii) the Companys requiring the Executive to be based at any office or 
location other than as provided in Section 4(a)(i)(B) hereof or the 
Companys requiring the Executive to travel on Company business to a 
materially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Effective 
Date, in either case without the Executives prior consent;

(iv) any purported termination by the Company of the Executives employment 
otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement; or

(v) any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy Section 12(c) of 
this Agreement.

d. Regulated Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
case of a Change of Control that is a Regulated Business Combination, then 
for all purposes of this Agreement, during that portion of the Employment 
Period prior to Final Regulatory Action, the Executive may not exercise his 
or her rights to terminate the Executives employment under this Agreement 
for Good Reason. During such period, the Executive may only terminate his 
or her employment under this Agreement and receive benefits under Section 6 
if the Executive is Constructively Terminated by the Company. Moreover, 
except to the extent expressly set forth in the definition of Constructive 
Termination, the Executive shall have no remedy for any breach by the 
Company of the provisions of Section 4; provided, however, that any failure 
of the Company to comply in any material respect with the provisions of 
Section 4 shall create a rebuttable presumption that a Constructive 
Termination has occurred.

For purposes of this Agreement, a Constructive Termination shall mean:

(i) substantial diminution of the Executives duties or responsibilities as 
contemplated by Section 4(a) of this Agreement, excluding for this purpose 
an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith 
and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice 
thereof given by the Executive;

(ii) a reduction in the Executives Annual Base Salary;

(iii) a failure by the Company to comply with Section 4(b)(ii) regarding 
the Annual Bonus;

(iv) a reduction in the Executives other incentive opportunities, benefits 
or perquisites described in Section 4(b) unless the Executives peer 
executives suffer a comparable reduction;

(v) the Companys requiring the Executive to be based at any office or 
location other than as provided in Section 4(a)(i)(B) hereof or the 
Companys requiring
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Executive to travel on Company business to a materially greater extent 
than required immediately prior to the Effective Date, in either case 
without the Executives prior consent; or

(vi) any purported termination by the Company of the Executives employment 
otherwise than for Cause or Disability.

During that portion of the Employment Period after Final Regulatory Action, 
the Executive may terminate his or her employment under this Agreement for 
Good Reason.

e. Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by 
the Executive for Good Reason or Constructive Termination, shall be 
communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in 
accordance with Section 13(c) of this Agreement. For purposes of this 
Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) 
indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, 
(ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts 
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the 
Executives employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the 
Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of 
such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more 
than thirty days after the giving of such notice). The failure by the 
Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact 
or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason, Cause or 
Constructive Termination shall not waive any right of the Executive or the 
Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company, 
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the 
Executives or the Companys rights hereunder.

f. Date of Termination. Date of Termination means (i) if the Executives 
employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for 
Good Reason or Constructive Termination, the date of receipt of the Notice 
of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, 
(ii) if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company other than 
for Cause or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date on which 
the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, and (iii) if the 
Executives employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the 
Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive or the 
Disability Effective Date, as the case may be. For purposes of any benefit 
to be provided or any amount payable under this Agreement that is subject 
to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), termination of employment shall not be deemed to occur unless it 
is reasonably expected that Executive will provide no further services to 
the Company or its affiliates, as defined in Section 414(b) or (c) of the 
Code, or that the level of bona fide services will drop to 20% or less of 
the average level of services provided by Executive over the thirty-six 
(36) months preceding Executives termination of employment. If Executive 
continues to provide bona fide services to the Company or any of its 
affiliates at a level that is more than 20% of the average level of 
services provided by Executive over such thirty-six (36) month period, then 
Executive shall be deemed not to have experienced a termination of 
employment.

6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

a. Without Cause, Good Reason or Constructive Termination. If, during the 
Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executives employment 
other than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate 
employment for Good Reason or Constructive Termination, then the Company 
shall provide the following payments and benefits:

(i) The Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 
days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of (A), plus (B), plus 
(C), plus (D) as follows:
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A. the sum of (1) the Executives Annual Base Salary through the Date of 
Termination to the extent not theretofore paid and (2) any accrued vacation 
pay, in each case to the extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the 
amounts described in clauses (1) and (2) shall be hereinafter referred to 
as the Accrued Obligations); and

B. an amount equal to the product of (1) 2.99 and (2) the sum of (x) the 
Executives Annual Base Salary in effect on the date of Executives 
termination of employment (or, if greater, the Executives Annual Base 
Salary in effect immediately before any salary reduction therein triggering 
the event leading to Executives termination) and (y) the Target Bonus; and

C. an amount equal to 100% of the estimated aggregate cost of the benefits 
to be provided to Executive under Section 6(a)(ii) for the three year 
period during which such benefits may be provided to Executive, as 
determined by the Company in good faith (which determination shall be final 
and binding); and

D. the product of (x) the Annual Bonus the Executive would have received 
for the year of termination (based upon the Executives target opportunity 
and the annual incentive plans achievement percentage) had the Executive 
remained employed for the entire performance period to which such Annual 
Bonus relates and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of 
days in the current calendar year through the Date of Termination, and the 
denominator of which is 365.

The amounts set forth in (A), (B) and(C) shall be paid to the Executive in 
a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination. The amount 
set forth in (D) shall be paid following completion of the relevant 
performance period at the same time Annual Bonuses are normally paid 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable plan.

In the event that Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of 
Section 409A of the Code (as determined by the Company or its delegate), 
any payments hereunder subject to Section 409A of the Code shall not be 
paid or provided until the earlier of (A) the Executives death, or (B) the 
expiration of the 6-month period following Executives termination of 
employment (the Delay Period). Any payments that are delayed by virtue of 
this subparagraph shall (I) be paid in one payment at the conclusion of the 
Delay Period and (II) include interest computed at five percent (5%) per 
annum for the duration of the Delay Period.

(ii) For three years after the Executives Date of Termination, or such 
longer period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan, 
program, practice or policy, the Company shall continue medical, group 
life, and disability benefits to the Executive and/or the Executives 
family equal to those which would have been provided to them in accordance 
with the plans, programs, practices and policies described in Section 
4(b)(iv) of this Agreement if the Executives employment had not been 
terminated or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally 
at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company 
and its affiliated companies and their families; provided, however, that 
any such benefits that are fully insured will only be provided to the 
extent the underlying insurance policy provides or can be amended to 
provide coverage for such benefits, and provided further, that if the 
Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to 
receive medical, group life, or disability benefits under another 
employer-provided plan, then the medical, group life, or disability, 
benefits described herein shall be secondary to those provided under such 
other plan during such applicable period of eligibility. With respect to 
any benefits provided to Executive under this Section 6(a)(ii), the 
Executive
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall pay one hundred percent of the cost of such coverage (one hundred two 
percent with respect to medical benefits) on an after-tax basis. In the 
event medical coverage is provided under the Companys existing plan, any 
COBRA continuation coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Code will 
run concurrently with the benefits provided hereunder.

(iii) The Company shall during the period commencing on the Date of 
Termination and ending on the last day of the second calendar year 
following the calendar year in which Executives termination of employment 
occurred, at its sole expense as incurred, provide the Executive with 
outplacement services, the scope and provider of which shall be selected by 
the Executive in his or her sole discretion, but at a cost not in excess of 
$20,000.

(iv) To the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall 
timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits 
required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to 
receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or 
agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies, including earned but 
unpaid stock and similar compensation and any annual or long-term incentive 
compensation earned with respect to a performance period completed prior to 
the Executives termination date but not yet fully paid as of such 
termination date (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter 
referred to as the Other Benefits).

b. Death. If the Executives employment is terminated by reason of the 
Executives death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall 
terminate without further obligations to the Executives legal 
representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued 
Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued 
Obligations shall be paid to the Executives estate or beneficiary, as 
applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of 
Termination. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term 
Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include, without 
limitation, and the Executives estate and/or beneficiaries shall be 
entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits 
provided by the Company and affiliated companies to the estates and 
beneficiaries of peer executives of the Company and such affiliated 
companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to 
death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives 
and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately 
preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executives 
estate and/or the Executives beneficiaries, as in effect on the date of 
the Executives death with respect to other peer executives of the Company 
and its affiliated companies and their beneficiaries. Notwithstanding the 
preceding, benefits payable under a plan, practice, policy, or program that 
has been amended to reduce benefits or terminated within the 120-day period 
immediately preceding the Effective Date for reasons unrelated to affecting 
benefits due hereunder shall not be taken into account. In the case of a 
plan, practice, policy or program amended to reduce benefits, only the 
higher pre-amendment benefit shall be disregarded.

c. Disability. If the Executives employment is terminated by reason of the 
Executives Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall 
terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for 
payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other 
Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum 
in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the 
provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this 
Section 6(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the 
Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at 
least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the 
Company and its affiliated companies to disabled executives and/or their 
families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies 
relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to 
other peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day 
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to 
the Executive and/or the
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Executives family, as in effect at any time thereafter generally with 
respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated 
companies and their families. Notwithstanding the preceding benefits 
payable under a plan, practice, policy, or program that has been amended to 
reduce benefits or terminated within the 120-day period immediately 
preceding the Effective Date for reasons unrelated to affecting benefits 
due hereunder shall not be taken into account. In the case of a plan, 
practice, policy or program amended to reduce benefits, only the higher 
pre-amendment benefit shall be disregarded.

d. Cause; Other than for Good Reason or Constructive Termination. If the 
Executives employment shall be terminated for Cause during the Employment 
Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the 
Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive (x) the 
Executives Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination, and (y) 
Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid. If the 
Executive voluntarily terminates employment during the Employment Period, 
excluding a termination for Good Reason or Constructive Termination, this 
Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, 
other than for Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of 
Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the 
Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination.

7. Non-exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or 
limit the Executives continuing or future participation in any plan, 
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its 
affiliated companies for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to 
Section 13(g), shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights 
as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company 
or any of its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or 
which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, 
policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the 
Company or any of its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of 
Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice 
or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this 
Agreement.

8. Full Settlement. The Companys obligation to make the payments provided 
for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder 
shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or 
other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the 
Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek 
other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the 
amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this 
Agreement and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the 
Executive obtains other employment. The Company agrees to pay as incurred, 
to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expenses which the 
Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest regardless of the 
outcome thereof by the Company, the Executive or others of the validity or 
enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or 
any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest 
by the Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this 
Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed payment, at the 
applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code; 
provided, that the Executive shall repay to the Company all such amounts 
paid by the Company, and shall not be entitled to any further payments 
hereunder, in connection with a contest originated by the Executive if the 
trier of fact in such contest determines that the Executives claim was not 
brought in good faith or was frivolous.

9. Limitations on Payments by the Company.

a. Except as provided in Section 8, the Company shall determine whether to 
reduce any payment or distribution to be made by the Company to or for the 
benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or 
distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or under another plan 
or arrangement) (a Payment) in accordance with paragraph (i) of this 
Section 9(a), or to make such Payments in full in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) of this Section 9(a).
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) If any Payment or Payments would otherwise constitute an excess 
parachute payment, as defined in Section 280G of the Code, the Payment or 
Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the largest amount that 
will result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the excise tax 
imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the Reduced Amount).

(ii) Notwithstanding Section 9(a)(i), Executive shall receive full Payment 
if it is determined that the net after-tax benefit the Executive would 
receive, after taking into account both income taxes and any excise tax 
imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (Excise Tax), is greater than the 
net after-tax amount the Executive would receive based on the application 
of Section 9(a)(i). In this event, Executive shall be responsible for the 
payment of any Excise Tax.

To the extent Payments are reduced pursuant to Section 9(a)(i), Payments 
shall be reduced by the Company in its reasonable discretion in the 
following order: (A) reduction of any cash payment, excluding any cash 
payment with respect to the acceleration of equity awards, that is 
otherwise payable to the Executive that is exempt from Section 409A of the 
Code, (B) reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to 
the Executive on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with 
Section 409A of the Code and (C) reduction of any payment with respect to 
the acceleration of equity awards that is otherwise payable to the 
Executive that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code.

b. Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c), all determinations required 
to be made under this Section 9, including whether Executive will receive a 
Reduced Amount or full Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in 
arriving at such determination, shall be made by a certified public 
accounting firm, law firm, or other advisor as may be designated by the 
Company (the Advisor) which shall provide detailed supporting 
calculations both to the Company and the Executive at least 7 business days 
prior to the date any Payment is scheduled to be made or commence. In the 
event that the Advisor is serving as accountant or auditor for the 
individual, entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the Company 
shall appoint another recognized firm to make the determinations required 
hereunder (which firm shall then be referred to as the Advisor). All fees 
and expenses of the Advisor shall be borne solely by the Company. Any 
determination by the Advisor shall be binding upon the Company and the 
Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of the Excise 
Tax at the time of the initial determination by the Advisor hereunder, it 
is possible that Payments which will not have been made by the Company 
should have been made (Underpayment), consistent with the calculations 
required to be made hereunder. The Advisor shall determine the amount of 
any Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be 
promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive.

c. If the Executive receives a Payment, the Executive shall notify the 
Company in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if 
successful, would require the payment by the Executive of an Excise Tax. 
Such notification shall be given as soon as practicable but no later than 
ten business days after the Executive is informed in writing of such claim 
and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on 
which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive shall not pay such 
claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following the date on 
which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on 
the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due). If 
the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of 
such period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

(i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company 
relating to such claim,

(ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the 
Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, 
without
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an 
attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

(iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order to effectively 
contest such claim, and

(iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such 
claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs 
and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in 
connection with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive 
harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any unintended tax liability 
(including interest and penalties with respect thereto) resulting from such 
representation and the payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on 
the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(c), the Company shall control 
all proceedings taken in connection with such contest and, at its sole 
option, may pursue or forgo any and all administrative appeals, 
proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing authority in respect 
of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct the Executive to 
pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or contest the claim in any 
permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such contest to a 
determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial 
jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall 
determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs the Executive to 
pay such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount 
of such payment to the Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall 
indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any 
unintended tax liability (including interest or penalties with respect 
thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with respect to any 
imputed income with respect to such advance; and further provided that any 
extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes for 
the taxable year of the Executive with respect to which such contested 
amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount. 
Furthermore, the Companys control of the contest shall be limited to 
issues with respect to which an Excise Tax would be payable hereunder with 
respect to a Reduced Amount and the Executive shall be entitled to settle 
or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal 
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

d. If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the 
Company pursuant to Section 9(c), the Executive becomes entitled to receive 
any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to the 
Companys complying with the requirements of Section 9(c)) promptly pay to 
the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or 
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by 
the Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 
9(c), a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to 
any refund with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the 
Executive in writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior 
to the expiration of 30 days after such determination, then such advance 
shall be forgiven and shall not be required to be repaid.

10. Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary 
capacity for the benefit of the Company all confidential or proprietary 
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its 
affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have 
been obtained by the Executive during the Executives employment by the 
Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or become 
public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of 
the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the 
Executives employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without 
the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by 
law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information, 
knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those designated by 
it. In addition, to the extent that the Executive is a party to any other 
agreement relating to confidential information, inventions or similar 
matters with the Company, the Executive shall continue to comply with
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the provisions of such agreements. In no event shall an asserted violation 
of the provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or 
withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this 
Agreement.

11. Arbitration. The Company and the Executive agree that all disputes, 
controversies, and claims arising between them concerning the subject 
matter of this Agreement, other than Sections 9 and 10, shall be settled by 
arbitration in accordance with the rules and procedures of the American 
Arbitration Association then in effect. The location of the arbitration 
will be Jacksonville, Florida or such other place as the parties may 
mutually agree. In rendering any award or ruling, the arbitrator or 
arbitrators shall determine the rights and obligations of the parties 
according to the substantive and procedural laws of the State of Florida. 
The parties to any such dispute, controversy, or claim shall attempt to 
agree upon the selection of a single arbitrator. If after a reasonable 
period of time the parties are unable to agree upon such a single 
arbitrator, then three arbitrators will be appointed with each party 
selecting an arbitrator from the American Arbitration Associations 
available panel of arbitrators, and the parties agreeing upon the selection 
of a third arbitrator. If the parties cannot agree upon the selection of a 
third arbitrator, then the two arbitrators selected by the parties shall 
agree upon a third arbitrator from the panel of American Arbitration 
Association arbitrators. If the two arbitrators are unable to so agree on a 
third arbitrator, the third arbitrator shall be selected by the American 
Arbitration Association. Any arbitration pursuant to this section shall be 
final and binding on the parties, and judgment upon any award rendered in 
such arbitration may be entered in any court, state or federal, having 
jurisdiction. All fees and expenses of the arbitration shall be born in 
accordance with Section 8. The arbitrator or arbitrators shall have no 
authority to award provisional relief, injunctive remedies, or punitive 
damages. The parties expressly acknowledge that they are waiving their 
right to seek remedies in court, including without limitations the right if 
any to a jury trial.

12. Successors.

a. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior 
written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive 
otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the 
Executives legal representatives.

b. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the 
Company and its successors and assigns.

c. The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by 
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all 
of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree 
to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that 
the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken 
place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as 
hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as 
aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation 
of law, or otherwise.

13. Miscellaneous.

a. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Florida, without reference to principles of conflict 
of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions 
hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended 
or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties 
hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

b. This Agreement is intended to be fully compliant with the requirements 
of Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations promulgated 
thereunder, taking into account any and all transition rules and relief 
promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service or the U.S. Department of 
Treasury regarding compliance therewith, and, to the maximum extent 
permitted
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by law, shall be administered, operated and construed consistent with this 
intent. Any amounts payable solely on account of an involuntary separation 
from service within the meaning of Section 409A shall be excludible from 
the requirements of Section 409A, either as involuntary separation pay or 
as short-term deferral amounts (e.g., amounts payable under the schedule 
prior to March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year of 
involuntary separation) to the maximum possible extent. Further, any 
reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be 
made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the 
Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any 
reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified 
in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, 
or in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in 
any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense 
will be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the 
year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement 
or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another 
benefit.

c. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as 
follows:

If to the Executive:

If to the Company:

CSX Corporation
500 Water Street
Jacksonville, FL 32202

Attention: Senior Vice President and Chief Administration Officer

or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other 
in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be 
effective when actually received by the addressee.

d. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement 
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of 
this Agreement.

e. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement 
such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be 
withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

f. The Executives or the Companys failure to insist upon strict 
compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert 
any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, 
without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for 
Good Reason or Constructive Termination pursuant to Section 5 of this 
Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or 
any other provision or right of this Agreement.

g. The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise 
be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive and the 
Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is at will and, 
subject to Section 1(a) hereof,
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
prior to the Effective Date, the Executives employment may be terminated 
by either the Executive or the Company at any time prior to the Effective 
Date, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this 
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date this Agreement shall supersede 
any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof.

14. Other Agreements Unaffected. Except as otherwise expressly provided 
herein, this Agreement shall have no effect on any other agreement between 
the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates, and any such 
agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its 
terms.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executives hand 
and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company 
has caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
[Name of Executive]
 
CSX CORPORATION
By                                                                          
        
[Chairman and Chief Executive Officer]
 
-16-